<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-001087.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-001087.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106081702
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-001087
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250102
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001130166
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				911766850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50626
		FILM NUMBER:		25509117

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CONNELL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BERKELEY HEIGHTS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07922
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-517-7330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CONNELL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BERKELEY HEIGHTS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07922

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XCYTE THERAPIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001218
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000113016600011301662025-01-022025-01-020001130166us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-01-022025-01-020001130166us-gaap:PreferredStockMember2025-01-022025-01-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date
of earliest event reported): January 2, 2025

CYCLACEL
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

Delaware 0-50626 91-1707622

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

200
Connell Drive, Suite 1500

Berkeley
Heights, NJ07922

(Address of principal
executive offices and zip code)

Registrants telephone
number, including area code: (908) 517-7330

(Former Name or Former
Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): 

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share CYCC The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC 

Preferred
Stock, $0.001 par value CYCCP The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Securities Purchase Agreement

On January 2, 2025, Cyclacel
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with David E. Lazar, pursuant to which he agreed to purchase from the Company 1,000,000 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
(the Series C Preferred Stock) and 2,100,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series D Preferred
Stock and, together with the Series C Preferred Stock, the Preferred Stock) of the Company at a purchase price of
$1.00 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $3.1 million, subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement. The proceeds
of the transaction will be used to repay and settle outstanding liabilities of the Company and for other general corporate and operating
purposes.

Mr. Lazar agreed to pay $1,000,000
at the initial closing of the transactions under the Purchase Agreement in exchange for 1,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock (the
Initial Closing), which is expected to occur on or about January 6, 2025. Subject to the satisfaction of certain closing
conditions and within two business days of the receipt of the Lazar Stockholder Approval (as defined below), Mr. Lazar will pay an additional
$2,100,000 in exchange for 2,100,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock (the Final Closing).

Each share of Series C Preferred
Stock is convertible into 2.65 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock), and
each share of Series D Preferred Stock is convertible into 110 shares of Common Stock. In no event will the Series C Preferred Stock be
convertible into Common Stock in a manner that would result in Mr. Lazar or his transferees or their affiliates holding more than the
lower of (i) the maximum percentage of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock that can be issued to the holder without requiring a vote of
the stockholders of the Company under the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq); and (ii) 5% of the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the original issue date (the Series C Ownership Limitation),
prior to the date that the Companys stockholders approve the issuance of shares of Common Stock to Mr. Lazar upon conversion of
the Preferred Stock. In addition, prior to a Fundamental Transaction (as defined below), in no event will the Series D Preferred Stock
be convertible into Common Stock in a manner that would result in Mr. Lazar or his transferees or their affiliates holding more than the
lower of (i) the maximum percentage of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock that can be issued to the Holder without requiring a vote of
the stockholders of the Company under the rules and regulations of Nasdaq; and, (ii) 49.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding immediately before the original issue date (the Series D Ownership Limitation). The term Fundamental
Transaction, as used herein means when (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or into another entity and the Company
is not the surviving entity, (ii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved
by the Company) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock
for other securities, cash or property and the holders of at least 50% of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iii) the Company effects
any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock).
The certificate of designations for each of the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock further provide that even following
a vote of the stockholders of the Company in accordance with the rules and regulations of the trading market on which the Common Stock
trades on such date and applicable securities laws to approve the removal of the Series C Ownership Limitation, the Company shall not
effect any conversion of the Preferred Stock, and a holder of the Preferred Stock shall not have the right to convert any portion of the
Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion, such holder (together with any other shares of Common Stock
otherwise held by such holder(s) or their affiliates) would beneficially own the number of shares of Common Stock, which would be in excess
of any statutory threshold pursuant to which the acquisition of such shares would trigger a compulsory offer requirement under applicable
federal or state tender offer rules for the holder and its affiliates to make a tender offer for all the shares of the Company.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
the Company filed a certificate of designation (the Series C Certificate of Designation) with the Secretary of State of
Delaware designating the rights, preferences and limitations of the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock on January 3, 2025. The Series
C Certificate of Designation provides, in particular, that the Series C Preferred Stock will vote together with the Common Stock on an
as-converted basis, subject to the Series C Ownership Limitation, provided that each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall entitle the
holder thereof to cast that number of votes per share as is equal to the stated value of such share of Series C Preferred Stock divided
by the Nasdaq Minimum Price (as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)) immediately preceding the original issue date, and subject to
adjustments for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions). In addition,
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company filed a certificate of designation (the Series D Certificate of Designation)
with the Secretary of State of Delaware designating the rights, preferences and limitations of the shares of the Series D Preferred Stock
on January 3, 2025.

The holders of Series C Preferred
Stock and Series D Preferred Stock will be entitled to participate in any dividends made on shares of Common Stock (on an as-converted
basis) if and when such dividends are declared. Upon any liquidation or sale of the Company or all or substantially all of its assets,
the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive pari passu with the other holders
of preferred stock, prior to and in preference to any distribution to holders of Common Stock, an amount equal to $1.00 per share, the
stated value of the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, then held by them plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. Thereafter,
the remaining assets of the Company will be distributed to the holders of Common Stock until such holders receive a return of their capital
originally contributed, and thereafter, any remaining assets will be distributed to all holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock pro
rata based on the number of shares held on an as-converted basis.

In the Purchase Agreement,
Mr. Lazar has agreed that he will not engage in or effect, directly or indirectly, any short sales involving the Companys securities
or any hedging transaction that transfers the economic risk of ownership of the Preferred Stock. Additionally, prior to the transaction,
the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors) unanimously adopted resolutions (i) exempting Mr. Lazars
acquisition of the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 16b-3
and (ii) granting Mr. Lazar the right to sell, assign or otherwise transfer either the Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred
Stock (as well as any Common Stock underlying any such Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock) or his rights to acquire
the Series D Preferred Stock (as well as any Common Stock underlying any such securities) pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (the Securities
Purchase Rights).

The Company agreed in the
Purchase Agreement to not issue any additional shares of Common Stock or securities convertible into common stock (subject to customary
exceptions) or a variable rate transaction for a period of 180 days from the date of the Final Closing without the consent of Mr. Lazar.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
the Company agreed to deliver to Mr. Lazar a statement showing the calculation of the Estimated Closing Indebtedness Pay-Off Amount, the
Closing Cash Amount and the Estimated Closing Cash Amount (each as defined in the Purchase Agreement). The parties further agreed that
(i) at the Initial Closing, the Company will have a sufficient cash balance to operate its business for at least three months, and (ii)
at the Final Closing, the Company will use the $2,100,000 proceeds to pay $1,100,000 to the Holder (as defined below) pursuant to the
Exchange Agreement (as defined below). The remaining cash balance will be used as set forth in the Purchase Agreement and any cash balance
shortfalls will be set off by the Settlement Payments (as defined below).

The Company agreed to attempt
to hold a special meeting of stockholders no later than February 15, 2025, which will include, among other things, proposals for (i) the
issuance of all of the Common Stock to Mr. Lazar in compliance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq (without regard to any limitations
on conversion set forth in the applicable Certificate of Designations) (the Lazar Stockholder Approval), (ii) a reverse
stock split of the Common Stock of the Company in the range of between 1 for 4 to 1 for 16, to be determined by the Board of Directors,
and, following the Lazar Stockholder Approval, to be implemented at the sole and absolute discretion of the Board of Directors, and (iii)
an increase in the authorized shares of Common Stock to a minimum of 250,000,000, and (iv) an increase in shares available under the existing
equity incentive plan by 500,000 shares. In the event all of the foregoing are not approved by the stockholders at the meeting, the Company
shall use its reasonable best efforts to call another stockholder meeting (the Second Meeting) within seventy (70) days
of the first meeting for the purpose of obtaining the required approvals. If the Lazar Stockholder Approval is not obtained at the Second
Meeting, the Company shall issue 200,000 shares to David Lazar at a purchase price per share equal to the closing price of the Common
Stock on the date of the Second Meeting plus $0.02. In addition, if the Lazar Stockholder Approval is not obtained after four stockholder
meetings, pursuant to the Series C Certificate of Designations, the holder of Series C Preferred Stock can cause the Company to redeem
such shares at a price equal to the last reported closing stock price on the Nasdaq Capital Market as of the date of such meeting.

The representations, warranties
and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreement and may be
subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. Accordingly, the Purchase Agreement is incorporated herein by reference
only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Purchase Agreement, and not to provide investors with any other
factual information regarding the Company or its business, and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures in the Companys
periodic reports and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission).

Settlement Agreements and Releases

In connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into settlement agreements (the Settlement Agreements) with
each of the Resigning Directors and the Resigning Officers (each as defined below) as described in this Current Report on Form 8-K in
Item 5.02.

Warrant Exchange Agreement

On January 2, 2025, the Company
entered into a Warrant Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement) with an institutional investor (the Holder)
of certain existing warrants (the Exchanged Warrants) to purchase an aggregate of 24,844,725 shares of the Companys
common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock). The Exchanged Warrants were originally issued (i) pursuant
to a securities purchase agreement, dated as of April 30, 2024 by and between the Company and the Holder and (ii) pursuant to a warrant
exercise and reload agreement dated November 13, 2024 by and between the Company and the Holder. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, on
the Initial Closing and subject to the receipt of approval of the Companys stockholders as required by the applicable rules and
regulations of Nasdaq with respect to the issuance of all of the shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Exchange Agreement
(the Warrant Exchange Stockholder Approval), the Company agreed to exchange with the Holder the Exchanged Warrants for (i)
an aggregate of 24,844,725 shares of Common Stock (the New Shares) and (ii) $1,100,000 (collectively, the Exchange).
To the extent the Holder would otherwise beneficially own in excess of any beneficial ownership limitation applicable to the Holder after
giving effect to the Exchange, the Exchanged Warrants shall be exchanged for a number of New Shares issuable to the Holder without violating
the beneficial ownership limitation and the remainder of the Holders Exchanged Warrants shall be issued as pre-funded warrants
to purchase the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock in excess of the beneficial ownership limitation
(the Pre-Funded Warrants). The Pre-Funded Warrants will be exercisable immediately upon issuance at an exercise price of
$0.0001 per share and may be exercised at any time until the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. A holder of Pre-Funded Warrants
(together with its affiliates) may not exercise any portion of such warrants to the extent that the holder would own more than 9.99% of
the Companys outstanding Common Stock immediately after exercise. The Final Closing is expected to take place substantially concurrently
with the date on which the Warrant Exchange Stockholder Approval is received, subject to the receipt by the Company of the Lazar Stockholder
Approval. In addition, the Holder consented to the issuance of all securities to David Lazar and/or his affiliates pursuant to the Lazar
Investment and waived the Companys obligation to file a registration statement with respect to the registration of the resale of
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Exchanged Warrants and the obligation to obtain stockholder approval of the New
Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Exchanged Warrants.

In addition, the Company agreed
to file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form if the Company is not then S-3 eligible) on or before the 75th
calendar day following the Final Closing providing for the registration of the resale of the New Shares by the holders of the New Shares
(the Resale Registration Statement). The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Resale Registration Statement to
become effective within 90 calendar days following the Final Closing (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission,
the 125th calendar day following the Final Closing) and to keep the Resale Registration Statement effective at all times until no Holder
owns New Shares. The Holder has also undertaken to vote in favor of Proposal No. 1 at the Companys special meeting of stockholders.

The
delivery of the Exchange Agreement is a condition to the sale of the Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

The foregoing description
of the Purchase Agreement, the Series C Certificate of Designation, the Series D Certificate of Designation, the Form of Pre-Funded Warrant,
the Settlement Agreements, and the Exchange Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to
the full text of the Series C Certificate of Designation, the Series D Certificate of Designation, the Form of Pre-Funded Warrant, the
Purchase Agreement, the Form of Director Settlement Agreement, the Rombotis Settlement Agreement, the McBarron Settlement Agreement and
the Exchange Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 4.1, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5 respectively, to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosure required by
this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference. The shares of Series C Preferred Stock
and Series D Preferred Stock (and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof) are being sold without registration under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), in reliance on the exemption provided by Regulation S (Regulation
S) of the Securities Act, which permits offers or sales of securities by the Company outside of the United States that are not
made to U.S. Persons or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person, as that term is defined in Rule 902 of
Regulation S.

The shares of Common Stock
(and shares underlying pre-funded warrants) issuable to the Holder pursuant to the Exchange Agreement will be sold without registration
under the Securities Act in reliance on the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation D thereunder.

Item 3.03. Material Modifications to Rights
of Security Holders.

The disclosure required by
this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Appointment and Resignation of Directors
and Officers

In connection with the signing
of the Purchase Agreement, Mr. Spiro Rombotis resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Board of Directors appointed
Mr. Lazar as interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective as of the signing of the Purchase Agreement. Mr. Lazar will serve
as the Companys principal executive officer and principal financial officer until his successor is appointed. The Compensation
Committee of the Board will determine Mr. Lazars compensation at a later date. Dr. Samuel Barker continues to serve as Chairman
of the Board of Directors and of the Compensation Committee.

The Board of Directors also
appointed Messrs. David Natan and Avraham Ben-Tzvi as members of the Board of Directors, effective as of the signing of the Purchase Agreement
and as of January 5, 2025, respectively. Dr. Robert Spiegel, Dr. Christopher Henney, Dr. Brian Schwartz, Dr. Kenneth Ferguson and Ms.
Karin Walker (together, the Resigning Directors) resigned effective as of the signing of the Purchase Agreement. The resignation
of each of the Resigning Directors is not based on any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Companys operations,
policies, or practices.

The initial terms as director
for each of Mr. Natan and Mr. Ben-Tzvi will expire at the Companys 2025 and 2027 annual meeting of stockholders, respectively.
Both Mr. Natan and Mr. Ben-Tzvi were appointed as members of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance
Committee of the Board, with Mr. Natan serving as chairman of the Audit Committee and Mr. Ben-Tzvi serving as chairman of the Nominating
and Governance Committee of the Board. The Board of Directors deemed both Mr. Natan and Mr. Ben-Tzvi as independent pursuant to Rule 5605
of the Nasdaq Listing Requirements. The Company expects to determine and approve the compensation for the new directors at a later date.
Neither Mr. Lazar, Mr. Natan nor Mr. Ben-Tzvi have any family relationship with any directors or executive officers of the Company.

David E. Lazar (34) has
served as the Chief Executive Officer of OpGen, Inc., (OTC: OPGN) since March 2024, where he also serves as chairman of the board of directors.
Mr. Lazar has also served as the President and a member of the board of directors of LQR House Inc. (NASDAQ: LQR) since October 2024.
Mr. Lazar is also the Chief Executive Officer of Titan Pharmaceuticals Inc. listed on Nasdaq (NASDAQ: TTNP) since August 2022, where he
also served as a director and board chairman from August 2022 until October 2023. On December 28, 2023, Mr. Lazar was appointed Chief
Executive Officer and to the board of directors of Minim, Inc. (NASDAQ: MINM). Mr. Lazar has successfully served as a custodian to numerous
public companies across a wide range of industries, including without limitation, C2E Energy, Inc. (OTCMKTS: OOGI), China Botanic Pharmaceutical
Inc. (OTCMKTS: CBPI), One 4 Art Ltd., Romulus Corp., Moveix, Inc., Arax Holdings Corp. (OTCMKTS: ARAT), ESP Resources, Inc. (OTCMKTS:
ESPIQ), Adorbs, Inc., Exobox Technologies Corp. (OTCMKTS: EXBX), Petrone Worldwide, Inc. (OTCMKTS: PFWIQ), Superbox, Inc. (OTCMKTS: SBOX),
Sino Green Land Corp. (OTCMKTS: SGLA), SIPP International Industries, Inc. (OTCMKTS: SIPN), Cereplast, Inc. (OTCMKTS: CERPQ), Energy 1
Corp. (OTCMKTS: EGOC), ForU Holdings, Inc. (OTCMKTS: FORU), China Yanyuan Yuhui National Education Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS: YYYH), Pan Global
Corp. (OTCMKTS: PGLO), Shengtang International, Inc. (OTCMKTS: SHNL), Alternaturals, Inc. (OTCMKTS: ANAS), USA Recycling Industries, Inc.
(OTCMKTS: USRI), Tele Group Corp., Xenoics Holdings, Inc. (OTCMKTS: XNNHQ), Richland Resources International Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS: RIGG),
AI Technology Group, Inc., Reliance Global Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: RELI), Melt, Inc., Ketdarina Corp., 3D MarkerJet, Inc. (OTCMKTS: MRJT),
Lvpai Group Ltd., Gushen, Inc., FHT Future Technology Ltd., Inspired Builders, Inc., Houmu Holdings Ltd. (OTCMKTS: HOMU), Born, Inc. (OTCMKTS:
BRRN), Changsheng International Group Ltd., Sollensys Corp. (OTCMKTS: SOLS), Guozi Zhongyu Capital Holdings Co. (OTCMKTS: GZCC) and Cang
Bao Tian Xia International Art Trade Center, Inc. Mr. Lazar currently serves as an Advisor to PROMAX Investments LLC, a position he has
held since July 2022, and as an Ambassador at Large for the Arab African Council for Integration and Development, since March 2022.

He has also served as the
CEO of Custodian Ventures LLC, a company which specializes in assisting distressed public companies through custodianship, since February
2018, and Activist Investing LLC, an actively managed private investment fund, since March 2018. Previously, Mr. Lazar served as Managing
Partner at Zenith Partners International Inc., a boutique consulting firm, from July 2012 to April 2018. In his role as Chief Executive
Officer of Custodian Ventures LLC, Mr. Lazar has successfully served as a custodian to numerous public companies across a wide range of
industries. Based on Mr. Lazars diverse knowledge of financial, legal and operations management, public company management, accounting,
audit preparation, due diligence reviews and SEC regulations, our Board of Directors believes that Mr. Lazar has the appropriate set of
skills to serve as interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

David Natan (71) currently
serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Natan & Associates, LLC, a consulting firm offering chief financial officer services
to public and private companies in a variety of industries, since 2007. From February 2010 to May 2020, Mr. Natan served as Chief Executive
Officer of ForceField Energy, Inc. (OTCMKTS: FNRG), a company focused on the solar industry and LED lighting products. From February 2002
to November 2007, Mr. Natan served as Executive Vice President of Reporting and Chief Financial Officer of PharmaNet Development Group,
Inc., a drug development services company, and, from June 1995 to February 2002, as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Global
Technovations, Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of oil analysis instruments and speakers and speaker components. Prior to that, Mr. Natan
served in various roles of increasing responsibility with Deloitte & Touche LLP, a global consulting firm. Mr. Natan currently serves
as a member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit Committee of Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. (Nasdaq: SBFM), a pharmaceutical and
nutritional supplement company, since February 2022. Additionally in November 2023, Mr. Natan was appointed to the board of directors
and Audit Committee Chair of Minim, Inc. (OTC: MINM). Previously, Mr. Natan served as a director for the following public companies: Global
Technovations, Forcefield Energy, Titan Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq:TTNP), Vivakor Inc.(Nasdaq:VIVK), NetBrands Corp. (OTC:NBND), and OpGen
Inc. (OTC:OPGN). Mr. Natan holds a B.A. in Economics from Boston University. Based on Mr. Natans extensive experience, our Board
believes that Mr. Natan has the appropriate set of skills to serve as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company.

Avraham Ben-Tzvi (54)
is the founder of ABZ Law Office, a boutique Israeli law firm specializing in corporate & securities laws, commercial law & contracts,
and various civil law matters, as well as providing outsourced general counsel services for publicly traded as well as private companies
and corporations, which he established in January 2017. Mr. Ben-Tzvi served as Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel of Purple Biotech
Ltd. (formerly Kitov Pharma Ltd.) (NASDAQ/TASE: PPBT), a clinical-stage company advancing first-in-class therapies to overcome tumor immune
evasion and drug resistance, from November 2015 until April 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Ben-Tzvi served as General Counsel and Company Secretary
at Medigus Ltd. (NASDAQ/TASE: MDGS), a minimally invasive endosurgical tools medical device and miniaturized imaging equipment company,
from April 2014 until November 2015. Prior to that he served as an attorney at one of Israels leading international law firms where,
amongst other corporate and commercial work, he advised companies and underwriters on various offerings by Israeli companies listing in
the US and on various SEC related filings. Prior to becoming a lawyer, Mr. Ben-Tzvi worked in several business development, corporate
finance and banking roles at companies in the financial services, lithium battery manufacturing and software development industries. Between
October 15, 2024 and December 19, 2024, Mr. Ben-Tzvi served as a member of the Board of Directors of LQR House, Inc. (NASDAQ: YHC), a
company in the wine and spirits e-commerce sector. Between March 25, 2024 and August 2, 2024, Mr. Ben-Tzvi served as a member of the Board
of Directors of OpGen, Inc. (OTC: OPGN), a precision medicine company. Since December 2023, Mr. Ben-Tzvi has been serving as a member
of the Board of Directors of Minim, Inc. (NASDAQ: MINM), a company which delivered smart software-driven communications products under
the globally recognized Motorola brand and Minim trademark. Since August 2022, Mr. Ben-Tzvi has been serving as a member of the Board
of Directors of Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: TTNP), a pharmaceutical company. Mr. Ben-Tzvi holds a B.A., magna cum laude,
in Economics from Yeshiva University in New York and an LL.B., magna cum laude from Shaarei Mishpat College of Law in Hod
HaSharon, Israel. Mr. Ben-Tzvi is a licensed attorney and member of the Israel Bar Association and is also licensed as a Notary by the
Israeli Ministry of Justice. Based on Mr. Ben-Tzvis extensive legal experience and knowledge in the fields of civil-commercial
law and corporate and securities law, and his previous public company and commercial business experience, our Board believes that Mr.
Ben-Tzvi has the appropriate set of skills to serve as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company.

Settlement Agreements with Directors and
Executive Officers

On January 2, 2025, the Company
entered into settlement agreements with the Resigning Directors effective as of the signing of the Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the
terms of the Director Settlement Agreements, each Resigning Director resigned his or her position as a member of the Board of Directors,
and any positions held on committees of the Board of Directors. Each Resigning Director has received his or her accrued Board fees in
full consideration of the release of claims against the Company and other promises and covenants set forth in the Director Settlement
Agreements.

On January 2, 2025, the Company
entered into a settlement agreement with Mr. Spiro Rombotis (the Rombotis Settlement Agreement). Pursuant to the terms of
the Rombotis Settlement Agreement, Mr. Rombotis resigned his position as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective
as of the signing of the Purchase Agreement, and agreed to provide transition services to the Company in his capacity as a member of the
Board of Directors through the filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 2024. On January 2, 2025, the
Company also entered into a settlement agreement with Paul McBarron (together with Mr. Rombotis, the Resigning Officers)
effective immediately following the Initial Closing, as such term is defined in the Purchase Agreement (the McBarron Settlement
Agreement and together with the Rombotis Settlement Agreement, the Executive Officer Settlement Agreements and together
with the Director Settlement Agreements, the Settlement Agreements). Pursuant to the terms of the McBarron Settlement Agreement,
Mr. McBarron agreed to provide transition services to the Company in his capacity as a member of the Board of Directors through the filing
of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 2024.

Pursuant to the Executive
Officer Settlement Agreements, and subject to the Purchase Agreement, the Company will pay to Mr. Rombotis and Mr. McBarron payments of $279,415.50 and $165,164.50, respectively, as soon as practicable, and three months later a further one-time payment of $279,415.50 and $165,164.50 either in cash or through the
issuance of common stock, respectively, in full consideration of the release of claims against the Company and other promises
and covenants set forth in the Executive Officer Settlement Agreements (the Settlement Payments) and the Purchase Agreement.

Pursuant to the terms of the
Settlement Agreements, the Company will provide continuing indemnification to the Resigning Directors and Resigning Officers in a manner
consistent with that which was in place as of the effective date of the Settlement Agreements, and will cause to be maintained in effect
the Companys existing director and officer liability insurance pursuant to the Companys tail insurance coverage and will
not modify its governing documents to modify the Resigning Directors and Resigning Officers rights under such policy, as
further set forth in the Settlement Agreements. The Settlement Agreements contain a mutual non-disparagement clause.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The disclosure required by
this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On January 2, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the entry into the Purchase Agreement. A copy of such press release is attached to this Current Report
on Form 8-K as Exhibits 99.1.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form
8-K contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially
different from historical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements include, among other things, statements related to the receipt of stockholder approvals to issue the shares of common stock
pursuant to the contemplated transactions, the consummation of the Final Closing pursuant to the Agreement, and the Companys ability
to regain and maintain compliance with Nasdaqs continued listing requirements. You are urged to consider statements that include
the words may, will, would, could, should, believes,
estimates, projects, potential, expects, plans, anticipates,
intends, continues, forecast, designed, goal, or the negative of
those words or other comparable words to be uncertain and forward-looking. These risks and uncertainties include the risk that the Company
may not be successful in receiving the stockholder approvals contemplated and may not consummate the Final Closing pursuant to the Agreement,
the uncertainty of whether the Company is able to regain and maintain compliance with Nasdaqs continued listing requirements, and
the other risks described more fully in Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals filings with the Commission, including the Risk Factors
section of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023 and its other documents subsequently filed
with or furnished to the Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. For a further list and description
of the risks and uncertainties the Company faces, please refer to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other periodic filings
we file with the Commission that are available at www.sec.gov. Such forward-looking statements are current only as of the date they are
made, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit 

Number Description 

3.1 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of
Series C Preferred Stock

3.2 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of
Series D Preferred Stock

4.1 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 2, 2025, by and
between the Company and David Lazar

10.2 Form of Director Settlement Agreement and Release 

10.3 Settlement and Release Agreement, dated as of January 2, 2025, by and
between the Company and Spiro Rombotis

10.4 Settlement and Release Agreement, dated as of January 2, 2025, by and
between the Company and Paul McBarron

10.5 Warrant Exchange Agreement, dated as
of January 2, 2025, by and between the Holder and the Company

99.1 Press release, dated January 3, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.

Date: January 6, 2025 Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: /s/ David Lazar

Name: David Lazar

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

Delaware Page 1

The First State 

I,
JEFFREY W. BULLOCK, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATION OF CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE THIRD DAY OF JANUARY, A.D. 2025, AT
9:30 O`CLOCK A.M.

2579644
8100 

SR# 20250015033 Authentication:
202612017 

Date: 01-03-25

You may verify
this certificate online at corp.delaware.gov/authver.shtml

State
of Delaware 

Secretary
of State 

Division
of Corporations 

Delivered
09:30 AM 01/03/2025 CYCLACEL
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

FILED
09:30 AM 01/03/2025 

SR
20250015033 - File Number 2579644 CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATIONS, PREFERENCES, 

RIGHTS
AND LIMITATIONS 

OF 

SERIES
C CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 151 OF THE 

DELAWARE
GENERAL CORPORATION LAW 

The
undersigned, Paul McBarron, does hereby certify that:

1. He
is the EVP, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Corporation").

2. The
Corporation is authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock.

3. The
following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the "Board of Directors"):

WHEREAS,
the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended, provides for a class of its authorized capital
stock known as preferred stock, consisting of 5,000,000 shares, $0.001 par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more
series;

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors is authorized to provide for the issuance of the shares of preferred stock in series and to establish, from time
to time, the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the number, designation, powers, preferences and rights
of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereon; and

WHEREAS,
it is the desire of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the rights, preferences, restrictions and
other matters relating to a series of the preferred stock;

NOW,
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a series of preferred stock
to be designated the "Series C Convertible Preferred Stock" and does hereby fix and determine the number rights, preferences,
restrictions and other matters relating to such series of preferred stock as follows:

TERMS
OF PREFERRED STOCK

Section 1.
Definitions. For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Affiliate"
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common
control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

"Beneficial
Ownership Limitation" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

"Business
Day" means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

"Commission"
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

"Common
Stock" means the Corporation's common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

"Common
Stock Equivalents" means any securities of the Corporation or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

"Conversion
Amount" means the sum of the Stated Value at issue.

"Conversion
Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

"Conversion
Shares" means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in
accordance with the terms hereof.

"Exchange
Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

"Fundamental
Transaction" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

"GAAP"
means United States generally accepted accounting principles.

"Holder"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

"Liquidation"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.

"New
York Courts" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(d).

"Notice
of Conversion" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

"Original
Issue Date" means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers
of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such
Preferred Stock.

"Person"
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

"Preferred
Stock" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

"Securities
Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

"Share
Delivery Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

"Stated
Value" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2, as the same may be increased pursuant to Section 3.

"Successor
Entity" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

"Trading
Day" means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

"Trading
Market" means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the NYSE MKT or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

"Transfer
Agent" means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, and any successor transfer agent of the Corporation.

Section
2. Designation, Amount and Par Value. The series of preferred stock shall be designated as the Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock (the "Preferred Stock") and the number of shares so designated shall be 1,000,000 (which shall not be subject
to change without the written consent of a majority of the holders of the Preferred Stock (each, a "Holder" and collectively,
the "Holders")). Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of$0.001 per share and a stated value equal to
$1.00 (the "Stated Value").

Section
3. Dividends. Except for stock dividends or distributions for which adjustments are to be made pursuant to Section 7, Holders
shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, dividends on shares of Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock
basis, without regard to conversion limitations herein) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock
when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock. No other dividends shall be paid on shares of Preferred Stock.
The Corporation shall not pay any dividends on the Common Stock unless the Corporation simultaneously complies with this provision.

Section
4. Voting Rights. The Preferred Stock shall be counted for purposes of determining a quorum at a meeting of stockholders and shall
vote on matters of the Corporation on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis, subject to the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation
Law and subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Subject to the provisions of Section 6(c) hereof, each share of Preferred Stock
shall entitle the holder thereof to cast that number of votes per share of Preferred Stock as is equal to the Stated Value of such share
of Preferred Stock divided by the Nasdaq Minimum Price (as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)) immediately preceding the Original
Issue Date, and subject to adjustments for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar
transactions following the date hereof).

Section
5. Liquidation Preference.

(a) 
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, subject to the
rights of any existing series of preferred stock or to the rights of any series of preferred stock which may from time to time
hereafter come into existence, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any
distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, the
Stated Value per share of Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrence of any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Preferred
Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then, subject to the
rights of any existing series of preferred stock or to the rights of any series of preferred stock which may from time to time
hereafter come into existence, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be
distributed ratably among the holders of each series of preferred stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is
otherwise entitled to receive.

(b)
Upon the completion of the distribution required by Section
5(a) above and any other distribution that may be required with respect to the rights of any existing series of preferred stock or
to the rights of any series of preferred stock which may from time to time hereafter come into existence, if assets remain in the
Corporation, the remaining assets shall be distributed to the holders of the Common Stock until such time as the holders of the
Common stock shall have received a return of the capital originally contributed thereby. Thereafter, if assets remain in the
Corporation, all remaining assets shall be distributed to all holders of Common Stock and to each series of Preferred Stock, pro
rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all such Preferred Stock into Common
Stock).

(c) 
For purposes of this Section 5, a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or
to include, (i) the acquisition of the Corporation by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related
transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation, but excluding any merger effected
exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Corporation); or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Corporation, unless the Corporation's stockholders of record as constituted immediately prior to such acquisition or sale
will, immediately after such acquisition or sale (by virtue of securities issued as consideration for the Corporation's acquisition
or sale or otherwise) hold at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving or acquiring entity in approximately
the same relative percentages after such acquisition or sale as before such acquisition or sale.

(d)
In any of the events specified in subsection (c) above, if the consideration received by the corporation is other than cash, its value
will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(i) 
Securities not subject to restrictions on free marketability:

(A) 
If traded on a securities exchange, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such
exchange over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing;

(B)
If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be
the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the
closing; and

(C) 
If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

(ii) 
The method of valuation of securities subject to restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by
virtue of a stockholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount from the market value
determined as above in (i) (A), (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as mutually determined by the
Corporation and the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

(iii) In
the event the requirements of Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either:

(A) 
cause such closing to be postponed until such time as the requirements of this Section 5 have been complied with; or

(B) 
cancel such transaction, in which event the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of the Preferred Stock shall revert to
and be the same as such rights, preferences and privileges existing immediately prior to the date of the first notice referred to in
Section 5(c)(iv) hereof.

(iv)
The Corporation shall give each holder of record of Preferred Stock
written notice of such impending transaction not later than twenty (20) days prior to the stockholders' meeting called to approve
such transaction, or twenty (20) days prior to the closing of such transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such
holders in writing of the final approval of such transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material terms and
conditions of the impending transaction and the provisions of this Section 5, and the Corporation shall thereafter give such holders
prompt notice of any material changes. The transaction shall in no event take place sooner than twenty (20) days after the
Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after the corporation has given notice of
any material changes provided for herein; provided, however, that time periods set forth in this paragraph may be shortened upon the
written consent of the holders of Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice rights or similar notice rights and that
represent at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of such Preferred Stock.

Section
6. Conversion.

a)
Conversions at Option of Holder. Each one share of
Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from and after the Original Issue Date at the option of the Holder
thereof, into 2.65 shares of Common Stock (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6(c)) (the "Conversion Ratio").
Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (
a "Notice of Conversion"). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted,
the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent
to the conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be prior to the date the applicable
Holder delivers by facsimile or email such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date, the "Conversion Date").
If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion to
the Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. The calculations and entries set forth in
the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions of shares of Preferred
Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s) representing the shares of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless
all of the shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby are so converted, in which case such Holder shall deliver the certificate representing
such shares of Preferred Stock promptly following the Conversion Date at issue. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock
in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled and shall not be reissued.

b)
Mechanics of Conversion.

i.
Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon
Conversion. Not later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period (as defined below) after each Conversion Date (the "Share Delivery Date"), the Corporation shall deliver, or
cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder (A) the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred
Stock and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends, if any. As used herein, "Standard Settlement Period"
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Corporation's primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to
any Notice(s) of Conversion delivered by 12:00 pm (New York time) on the Original Issue Date, the Corporation agrees to deliver the Conversion
Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 pm (New York time) on the Original Issue Date.

ii. 
Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to
or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Corporation
at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Corporation shall promptly
return to the Holder any original Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the Holder shall promptly return to the
Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Notice of Conversion.

iii. 
Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Corporation's obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon
conversion of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction
by a Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any
Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged
breach by such Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder
or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation to such
Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver
by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such Holder. If the Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder
such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 6(b)(i) by the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the Corporation shall
pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000.00 of Stated Value of Preferred Stock being
converted, per Trading Day for each Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds
such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder's right to pursue actual damages for the Corporation's failure to deliver Conversion
Shares within the period specified herein, and such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at
law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights
shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver
Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Corporation fails for any reason
to deliver to a Holder the applicable Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 6(b)(i), and if
after such Share Delivery Date such Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise),
or the Holder's brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of the
Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a "Buy-In"),
then the Corporation shall (A) pay in cash to such Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by such Holder)
the amount, if any, by which (x) such Holder's total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased
exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion
at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including
any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of such Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Preferred Stock equal
to the number of shares of Preferred Stock submitted for conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver
to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery
requirements under Section 6(b)(i). For example, if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price of
the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause
(A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the
Corporation written notice indicating the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Corporation,
evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder's right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Corporation's
failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. 
Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. Until no shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation covenants
that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of
issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase
rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Preferred Stock), not less than such aggregate number of shares
of the Common Stock as shall be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 7) upon the conversion of the
then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. The Corporation covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall,
upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

vi.
RESERVED

vii. Transfer
Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be made without charge to any
Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares,
provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the
issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of
Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or
Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the
satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has been paid. The Corporation shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day
processing of any Notice of Conversion and all fees to the DTC (or another established clearing corporation performing similar
functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

c) 
Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Corporation shall not effect any conversion
of the Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after
giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holder's Affiliates,
and any Persons acting as a group together with such Holder or any of such Holder's Affiliates (such Persons, "Attribution Parties"))
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below); provided, however that following a vote of
the stockholders of the Company in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Trading Market on which the Common Stock trades on
such date and applicable securities laws to approve the removal of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the Corporation shall not effect
any conversion of the Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent
that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holder's
Affiliates and Attribution Parties) would beneficially own the number of shares of Common Stock which would be in excess of any statutory
threshold pursuant to which the acquisition of such shares would trigger a compulsory offer requirement under applicable federal or state
tender offer rules for the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties to make a tender offer for all the shares of the Company.
For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and
Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to
which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion
of the remaining, unconverted Stated Value of Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Preferred
Stock) beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this Section 6(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 6(c) applies,
the determination of whether the Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any
Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of how many shares of Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such
Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holder's determination of whether the shares of Preferred
Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and
how many shares of the Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance
with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent to the Corporation each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such
conversion will not violate the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have no obligation to verify or confirm
the accuracy of such representation. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section
6(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely solely on the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock as stated in a written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding. Upon the written or oral request (which may be via email) of a Holder, the Corporation shall within two Trading Days confirm
orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the
Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The "Beneficial Ownership Limitation" shall mean, as of any date, the lower of(X) the
maximum percentage of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock that can be issued to the Holder without requiring a vote of the stockholders
of the Company under the rules and regulations of the Trading Market on which the Common Stock trades on such date and applicable securities
laws; and, (Y) 5% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Original Issue Date. The provisions
of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section
6(c) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership
Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The
limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of Preferred Stock.

d) Redemption.
If, at any time after the Company holds four ( 4) meetings of the stockholders of the Company to approve the removal of the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and such approval does not pass, the Holder may request that the Company pay an amount equal to the
Fair Value (defined below) of such unconvertible shares, with such payment to be made within two Business Days from the date of
request by the Holder, whereupon the unconvertible shares shall automatically be deemed cancelled and extinguished without further
action on the part of the Holder or the Company and the Holder shall have no further rights relating thereto. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Holder shall promptly return and deliver to the Company any certificate or certificates representing such
unconvertible shares or deliver such other documentation reasonably requested by the Company evidencing such cancellation of the
unconvertible shares. For purposes of this Section the "Fair Value" of shares shall be fixed with reference to the last
reported closing stock price on the principal Trading Market on which the Common Stock is listed as of the day of the applicable
fourth (4th) stockholders' meeting described in this section above.

Section
7. Certain Adjustments.

a) 
Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays a stock
dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other
Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon
conversion of, or payment of a dividend on, this Preferred Stock), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number
of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares,
or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, then
the number of shares of Common Stock each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible into shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately
before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event.
Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders
entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments
pursuant to Section 7(a) above, if at any time the Corporation grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase
stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the "Purchase
Rights"), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase
Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion
of such Holder's Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant,
issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Purchase Right
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent)
and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would
not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this
Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation declares or makes any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme
of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a "Distribution"), at any time after the issuance of this Preferred Stock,
then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have
participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Preferred
Stock (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the
Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then
the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the
benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while any
shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, (i) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any
merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another Person, (ii) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, effects any sale,
lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of
related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation or another
Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Corporation, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock
or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property, or (v) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement)
with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares
of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making
or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a "Fundamental Transaction"),
then, upon any subsequent conversion of the Preferred Stock by the Holder thereof, the Holder shall receive, for each Conversion Share
that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard
to any limitation in Section 6( c) on the conversion of the Preferred Stock), the number of shares of common stock (as applicable)
of the successor or acquiring corporation or the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation (as applicable), if it is the surviving
corporation, and all additional securities (equity or debt), cash, property or other consideration (all such additional consideration,
the "Alternate Consideration"), receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of
shares of Common Stock for which such Holder's Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 6(c) on the conversion of the Preferred Stock). If holders of Common Stock are entitled to
elect the proportion of securities, cash, property or other consideration to be received by holders of Common Stock in a Fundamental
Transaction, then each Holder of Preferred Stock shall be given the same choice as to the proportion of securities, cash, property or
other consideration such Holder is entitled to receive upon any conversion of such Holder's shares of Preferred Stock following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving
entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall file a new Certificate of Designations in respect of a new series of preferred stock of
the successor or acquiring corporation, or the Corporation, if it is the surviving corporation, setting forth the same rights, preferences,
privileges and other terms contained in this Certificate of Designations in respect of the Preferred Stock, including, without limitation,
the provisions contained in this Section 7(d) and evidencing, among other things, the Holders' right to convert such new preferred
stock into Alternate Consideration. The Corporation shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Corporation
is not the survivor (the "Successor Entity") to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this
Certificate of Designations in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction
and shall, at the option of a Holder of Preferred Stock, deliver to such Holder in exchange for such Holder's Preferred Stock a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Preferred Stock which is
convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares
of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion
of the Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder
to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental
Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for
the purpose of protecting the economic value of the Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction),
and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder(s) thereof. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Certificate of Designations referring to the "Corporation" shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise
every right and power of the Corporation and shall assume all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designations
with

the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation herein. For the avoidance of doubt, if, at any time while
any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, a Fundamental Transaction occurs, pursuant to the terms of this Section 7(d),
a Holder of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction in respect of such
Holder's shares of Preferred Stock, except as provided for in this Certificate of Designations ( or any new Certificate of
Designations in respect of a new series of preferred stock issued to the Holders of Preferred Stock as contemplated
hereby).

e) 
Intentionally Omitted.

f) 
Notice to the Holders.

i. Adjustment
to Conversion Amount. Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock that the shares of Preferred Stock are convertible into is adjusted
pursuant to any provision of this Section 7, the Corporation shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the
number of shares of Common Stock after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C)
the Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation shall be required
in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common
Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause to be
filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered to
each Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least fifteen (15) calendar days
prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be
taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as
of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants
are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is
expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be
entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or
in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent
that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Corporation or any of
the Subsidiaries, the Corporation shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form
8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Conversion Amount of this Preferred Stock (or any part hereof) during the
15-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may
otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
8. Miscellaneous.

a)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications
or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and
delivered personally, by facsimile, email address or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Corporation
at:

Cyclacel
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

200 Connell Drive, Suite 1500 

Berkeley Heights, New Jersey 07922 

Berkeley Heights, New Jersey 07922

Attention: EVP, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

Email: pmcbarron@cyclacel.com

or
such other facsimile number or address (physical or email) as the Corporation may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders
delivered in accordance with this Section 8. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the
Corporation hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, by email attachment or sent by a nationally
recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, email address or address of such Holder
appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such facsimile number, email address or address appears on the books of the
Corporation, at the principal place of business of such Holder. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be
deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile or email attachment at the facsimile number or email address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile or email attachment at the facsimile number or email address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day
or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent
by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Person to whom such notice is required
to be given. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Designations, where this Certificate of Designations
provides for notice of any event to a Holder, if the Preferred Stock is held in global form by DTC ( or any successor depositary),
such notice may be delivered via DTC ( or such successor depositary) pursuant to the procedures of DTC (or such successor
depositary).

b)
Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided
herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designations shall alter or impair the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and
unconditional, to pay liquidated damages and accrued dividends, as applicable, on the shares of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and
rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

c) Lost
or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holder's Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate, or in lieu
of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Preferred Stock so mutilated,
lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership
hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation.

d)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designations shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each of the Corporation
and each Holder agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Certificate of Designations (whether brought against the Corporation, a Holder or any of their respective Affiliates, directors,
officers, stockholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Wilmington, Delaware
(the "Delaware Courts"). Each of the Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the Delaware Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such
proceeding. Each of the Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with
evidence of delivery) to such Person at the address in effect for notices to it under this Certificate of Designation and agrees that
such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to
limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each of the Corporation and each Holder
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Certificate of Designations or the transactions contemplated hereby. If the Corporation or any Holder
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designations, then the prevailing party in such
action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

e) 
Waiver. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designations shall not operate
as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of
Designations or a waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term
of this Certificate of Designations on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that Person ( or any other Holder)
of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designations on any other
occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder must be in writing.

f) 
Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate
of Designations shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain
applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder
violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the
maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law.

g)
Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other
obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

h) Headings.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designations and shall not be
deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

i)
Status of Converted Preferred Stock. If any shares
of Preferred Stock shall be converted or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued
shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.

RESOLVED,
FURTHER, that the chief executive officer, the president or any vice-president, and the secretary or any assistant secretary, of
the Corporation be and they hereby are authorized and directed to prepare and file this Certificate of Designations, Preferences, Rights
and Limitations in accordance with the foregoing resolution and the provisions of Delaware law.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Certificate this second day of January, 2025.

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: /s/ Paul McBarron

Name: Paul McBarron

Title: EVP, Finance and Chief Operating Officer

ANNEX
A

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Stock"), into shares of
common stock ("Common Stock") of Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. according to the terms and conditions of the Certificate of
Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Certificate of Designation"),
as of the date written below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in
the Certificate of Designation.

Date
of Conversion:

Number
of Shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted:

Number
of Shares of Preferred Stock Owned Prior to Conversion:

Number
of Shares of Preferred Stock Owned After Conversion:

Signature: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

Delaware Page 1

The First State 

I,
JEFFREY W. BULLOCK, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATION OF CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE THIRD DAY OF JANUARY, A.D. 2025, AT
9:31 O`CLOCK A.M.

2579644
8100 

SR# 20250015081 

Authentication: 202612105

Date: 01-03-25

You may verify
this certificate online at corp.delaware.gov/authver.shtml

State
of Delaware 

Secretary
of State 

Division
of Corporations 

Delivered
09:30 AM 01/03/2025 CYCLACEL
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

FILED
09:31 AM 01/03/2025 

SR
20250015081 - File Number 2579644 CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATIONS, PREFERENCES, 

RIGHTS
AND LIMITATIONS 

OF 

SERIES
D CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 151 OF THE 

DELAWARE
GENERAL CORPORATION LAW 

The
undersigned, Paul McBarron, does hereby certify that:

1. He
is the EVP, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Corporation").

2. The
Corporation is authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock.

3. The
following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the "Board of Directors"):

WHEREAS,
the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended, provides for a class of its authorized capital
stock known as preferred stock, consisting of 5,000,000 shares, $0.001 par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more
series;

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors is authorized to provide for the issuance of the shares of preferred stock in series and to establish, from time
to time, the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the number, designation, powers, preferences and rights
of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereon; and

WHEREAS,
it is the desire of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the rights, preferences, restrictions and
other matters relating to a series of the preferred stock;

NOW,
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a series of preferred stock to
be designated the "Series D Convertible Preferred Stock" and does hereby fix and determine the rights, preferences,
restrictions and other matters relating to such series of preferred stock as follows:

TERMS
OF PREFERRED STOCK

Section 1.
Definitions. For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Affiliate"
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common
control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

"Beneficial
Ownership Limitation" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

"Business
Day" means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

"Commission"
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

"Common
Stock" means the Corporation's common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

"Common
Stock Equivalents" means any securities of the Corporation or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

"Conversion
Amount" means the sum of the Stated Value at issue.

"Conversion
Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

"Conversion
Shares" means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof.

"Exchange
Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

"Fundamental
Transaction" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

"GAAP"
means United States generally accepted accounting principles.

"Holder"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

"Liquidation"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.

"New
York Courts" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(d).

"Notice
of Conversion" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

"Original
Issue Date" means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers of
any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such Preferred Stock.

"Person"
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

"Preferred
Stock" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

"Securities
Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

"Share
Delivery Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

"Stated
Value" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2, as the same
may be increased pursuant to Section 3.

"Successor
Entity" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

"Trading
Day" means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

"Trading
Market" means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the NYSE MKT or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

"Transfer
Agent" means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, and any successor transfer agent of the Corporation.

Section
2. Designation, Amount and Par Value. The series of preferred stock shall be designated as the Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock (the "Preferred Stock") and the number of shares so designated shall be 2,100,000 (which shall not be subject
to change without the written consent of a majority of the holders of the Preferred Stock (each, a "Holder" and collectively,
the "Holders")). Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of$0.001 per share and a stated value equal to
$1.00 (the "Stated Value").

Section
3. Dividends. Except for stock dividends or distributions for which adjustments are to be made pursuant to Section 7, Holders
shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, dividends on shares of Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock
basis, without regard to conversion limitations herein) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock
when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock. No other dividends shall be paid on shares of Preferred Stock.
The Corporation shall not pay any dividends on the Common Stock unless the Corporation simultaneously complies with this provision.

Section
4. Voting Rights. The Preferred Stock shall be counted for purposes of determining a quorum at a meeting of stockholders and shall
vote on matters of the Corporation on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis, subject to the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation
Law and subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Subject to the provisions of Section 6(c) hereof, each share of Preferred Stock
shall entitle the holder thereof to cast that number of votes per share of Preferred Stock as is equal to the Stated Value of such share
of Preferred Stock divided by the Nasdaq Minimum Price (as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)) immediately preceding the Original
Issue Date, and subject to adjustments for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar
transactions following the date hereof).

Section
5. Liquidation Preference.

(a) 
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, subject to the
rights of any existing series of preferred stock or to the rights of any series of preferred stock which may from time to time
hereafter come into existence, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any
distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, the Stated
Value per share of Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrence of any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Preferred
Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then, subject to the
rights of any existing series of preferred stock or to the rights of any series of preferred stock which may from time to time
hereafter come into existence, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be
distributed ratably among the holders of each series of preferred stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is
otherwise entitled to receive.

(b)
Upon the completion of the distribution required by Section
5(a) above and any other distribution that may be required with respect to the rights of any existing series of preferred stock or
to the rights of any series of preferred stock which may from time to time hereafter come into existence, if assets remain in the
Corporation, the remaining assets shall be distributed to the holders of the Common Stock until such time as the holders of the
Common stock shall have received a return of the capital originally contributed thereby. Thereafter, if assets remain in the
Corporation, all remaining assets shall be distributed to all holders of Common Stock and to each series of Preferred Stock, pro
rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all such Preferred Stock into Common
Stock).

(c) 
For purposes of this Section 5, a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or
to include, (i) the acquisition of the Corporation by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related
transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation, but excluding any merger effected
exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Corporation); or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Corporation, unless the Corporation's stockholders of record as constituted immediately prior to such acquisition or sale
will, immediately after such acquisition or sale (by virtue of securities issued as consideration for the Corporation's acquisition
or sale or otherwise) hold at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving or acquiring entity in approximately
the same relative percentages after such acquisition or sale as before such acquisition or sale.

(d)
In any of the events specified in subsection (c) above, if the consideration received by the corporation is other than cash, its value
will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(i) 
Securities not subject to restrictions on free marketability:

(A) 
If traded on a securities exchange, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such
exchange over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing;

(B)
If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be
the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the
closing; and

(C) 
If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors.

(ii) 
The method of valuation of securities subject to restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by
virtue of a stockholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount from the market value
determined as above in (i) (A), (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as mutually determined by the
Corporation and the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

(iii) In
the event the requirements of Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either:

(A) 
cause such closing to be postponed until such time as the requirements of this Section 5 have been complied with; or

(B) 
cancel such transaction, in which event the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of the Preferred Stock shall revert to
and be the same as such rights, preferences and privileges existing immediately prior to the date of the first notice referred to in
Section 5(c)(iv) hereof.

(iv)
The Corporation shall give each holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of such impending transaction not later than twenty
(20) days prior to the stockholders' meeting called to approve such transaction, or twenty (20) days prior to the closing of such transaction,
whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such transaction. The first of such notices
shall describe the material terms and conditions of the impending transaction and the provisions of this Section 5, and the Corporation
shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes. The transaction shall in no event take place sooner than twenty
(20) days after the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after the corporation has
given notice of any material changes provided for herein; provided, however, that time periods set forth in this paragraph may be shortened
upon the written consent of the holders of Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice rights or similar notice rights and that
represent at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of such Preferred Stock.

Section
6. Conversion.

a)
Conversions at Option of Holder. Each one share of
Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from and after the Original Issue Date at the option of the Holder
thereof, into one hundred ten (110) shares of Common Stock (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6(c)) (the "Conversion
Ratio"). Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex
A (a "Notice of Conversion"). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted,
the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent
to the conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be prior to the date the applicable
Holder delivers by facsimile or email such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date, the "Conversion Date"). If no Conversion
Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation
is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type
of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. The calculations and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion
shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions of shares of Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not
be required to surrender the certificate(s) representing the shares of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless all of the shares of
Preferred Stock represented thereby are so converted, in which case such Holder shall deliver the certificate representing such shares
of Preferred Stock promptly following the Conversion Date at issue. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof shall be canceled and shall not be reissued.

b)
Mechanics of Conversion.

i.
Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon
Conversion. Not later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period (as defined below) after each Conversion Date (the "Share Delivery Date"), the Corporation shall deliver, or
cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder (A) the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred
Stock and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends, if any. As used herein, "Standard Settlement Period"
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Corporation's primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to
any Notice(s) of Conversion delivered by 12:00 pm (New York time) on the Original Issue Date, the Corporation agrees to deliver the Conversion
Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 pm (New York time) on the Original Issue Date.

ii. 
Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to
or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Corporation
at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Corporation shall promptly
return to the Holder any original Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the Holder shall promptly return to the
Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Notice of Conversion.

iii. 
Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Corporation's obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon
conversion of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction
by a Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any
Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged
breach by such Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder
or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation to such
Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver
by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such Holder. If the Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder
such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 6(b)(i) by the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the Corporation shall
pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000.00 of Stated Value of Preferred Stock being
converted, per Trading Day for each Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds
such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder's right to pursue actual damages for the Corporation's failure to deliver Conversion
Shares within the period specified herein, and such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at
law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights
shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver
Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Corporation fails for any reason
to deliver to a Holder the applicable Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 6(b)(i), and if after such
Share Delivery Date such Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holder's
brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of the Conversion Shares
which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a "Buy-In"), then
the Corporation shall (A) pay in cash to such Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by such Holder) the amount,
if any, by which (x) such Holder's total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at
issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including
any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of such Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Preferred Stock equal
to the number of shares of Preferred Stock submitted for conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver
to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery
requirements under Section 6(b)(i). For example, if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of
$11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale
price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under
clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide
the Corporation written notice indicating the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Corporation,
evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder's right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Corporation's
failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. 
Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. Until no shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation covenants
that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of
issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase
rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Preferred Stock), not less than such aggregate number of shares
of the Common Stock as shall be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 7) upon the conversion of the
then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. The Corporation covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall,
upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

vi.
RESERVED

vii. 
Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be made without charge
to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares,
provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance
and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Preferred Stock
and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting
the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation
that such tax has been paid. The Corporation shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion
and all fees to the DTC (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery
of the Conversion Shares.

c) 
Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Corporation shall not effect any conversion
of the Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after
giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holder's Affiliates,
and any Persons acting as a group together with such Holder or any of such Holder's Affiliates (such Persons, "Attribution Parties"))
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below); provided, however that following a vote of
the stockholders of the Company in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Trading Market on which the Common Stock trades on
such date and applicable securities laws to approve the removal of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the Corporation shall not effect
any conversion of the Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent
that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holder's
Affiliates and Attribution Parties) would beneficially own the number of shares of Common Stock which would be in excess of any statutory
threshold pursuant to which the acquisition of such shares would trigger a compulsory offer requirement under applicable federal or state
tender offer rules for the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties to make a tender offer for all the shares of the Company.
For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and
Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to
which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion
of the remaining, unconverted Stated Value of Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Preferred
Stock) beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this Section 6(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 6(c) applies,
the determination of whether the Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any
Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of how many shares of Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such
Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holder's determination of whether the shares of Preferred
Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and
how many shares of the Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance
with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent to the Corporation each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such
conversion will not violate the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have no obligation to verify or confirm
the accuracy of such representation. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section
6(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely solely on the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock as stated in a written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding. Upon the written or oral request (which may be via email) of a Holder, the Corporation shall within two Trading Days confirm
orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the
Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The "Beneficial Ownership Limitation" shall mean, as of any date prior to the completion
of a Fundamental Transaction (the "Fundamental Transaction Date"), the lower of (X) the maximum percentage of the number of shares
of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
the Preferred Stock that can be issued to the Holder without requiring a vote of the stockholders of the Company under the rules and
regulations of the Trading Market on which the Common Stock trades on such date and applicable securities laws; and, (Y) 49.99% of the
number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Original Issue Date. The term "Fundamental Transaction," as used
herein means when (i) the Corporation effects any merger of the Corporation with or into another entity and the Corporation is not the
surviving entity, (ii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation or by another individual or entity, and approved
by the Corporation) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common
Stock for other securities, cash or property and the holders of at least 50% of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iii) the Corporation
effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property ( other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common
Stock). The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the
terms of this Section 6(c) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to
such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of Preferred Stock. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall cease on the Fundamental Transaction Date.

Section
7. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend
or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common
Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon
conversion of, or payment of a dividend on, this Preferred Stock), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger
number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares, or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of
the Corporation, then the number of shares of Common Stock each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible into shall be
multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the
Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a) shall become effective immediately after
the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments
pursuant to Section 7(a) above, if at any time the Corporation grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase
stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the "Purchase
Rights"), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase
Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion
of such Holder's Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant,
issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Purchase Right
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent)
and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would
not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this
Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation declares or makes any dividend or other distribution of its assets ( or rights to
acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation,
any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate
rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a "Distribution"), at any time after the issuance of this
Preferred Stock, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that
the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
conversion of this Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record
is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such
Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the
Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to
such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the
portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto
would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while any
shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, (i) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any
merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another Person, (ii) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, effects any sale,
lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of
related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation or another
Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Corporation, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock
or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property, or (v) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement)
with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares
of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making
or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a "Fundamental Transaction"),
then, upon any subsequent conversion of the Preferred Stock by the Holder thereof, the Holder shall receive, for each Conversion Share
that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard
to any limitation in Section 6(c) on the conversion of the Preferred Stock), the number of shares of common stock (as applicable)
of the successor or acquiring corporation or the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation (as applicable), if it is the surviving
corporation, and all additional securities (equity or debt), cash, property or other consideration (all such additional consideration,
the "Alternate Consideration"), receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of
shares of Common Stock for which such Holder's Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 6(c) on the conversion of the Preferred Stock). If holders of Common Stock are entitled to
elect the proportion of securities, cash, property or other consideration to be received by holders of Common Stock in a Fundamental
Transaction, then each Holder of Preferred Stock shall be given the same choice as to the proportion of securities, cash, property or
other consideration such Holder is entitled to receive upon any conversion of such Holder's shares of Preferred Stock following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving
entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall file a new Certificate of Designations in respect of a new series of preferred stock of
the successor or acquiring corporation, or the Corporation, if it is the surviving corporation, setting forth the same rights, preferences,
privileges and other terms contained in this Certificate of Designations in respect of the Preferred Stock, including, without limitation,
the provisions contained in this Section 7(d) and evidencing, among other things, the Holders' right to convert such new preferred
stock into Alternate Consideration. The Corporation shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Corporation
is not the survivor (the "Successor Entity") to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this
Certificate of Designations in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction
and shall, at the option of a Holder of Preferred Stock, deliver to such Holder in exchange for such Holder's Preferred Stock a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Preferred Stock which is
convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares
of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion
of the Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder
to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental
Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for
the purpose of protecting the economic value of the Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction),
and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder(s) thereof. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Certificate of Designations referring to the "Corporation" shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise
every right and power of the Corporation and shall assume all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designations
with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation herein. For the avoidance of doubt, if, at any time while
any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, a Fundamental Transaction occurs, pursuant to the terms of this Section 7(d),
a Holder of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction in respect of such
Holder's shares of Preferred Stock, except as provided for in this Certificate of Designations (or any new Certificate
of Designations in respect of a new series of preferred stock issued to the Holders of Preferred Stock as contemplated
hereby).

e) 
Intentionally Omitted.

f) 
Notice to the Holders.

i. Adjustment
to Conversion Amount. Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock that the shares of Preferred Stock are convertible into is adjusted
pursuant to any provision of this Section 7, the Corporation shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the
number of shares of Common Stock after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause to be filed at each office or agency
maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered to each Holder at its last address
as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Corporation or any of the Subsidiaries, the Corporation shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Conversion Amount of this Preferred Stock (or any part
hereof) during the 15-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice
except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
8. Miscellaneous.

a)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications
or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and
delivered personally, by facsimile, email address or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Corporation
at:

Cyclacel
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

200 Connell Drive, Suite 1500 

Berkeley Heights, New Jersey 07922 

Berkeley Heights, New Jersey 07922

Attention: EVP, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

Email: pmcbarron@cyclacel.com

or
such other facsimile number or address (physical or email) as the Corporation may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders
delivered in accordance with this Section 8. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the
Corporation hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, by email attachment or sent by a nationally
recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, email address or address of such Holder
appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such facsimile number, email address or address appears on the books of the
Corporation, at the principal place of business of such Holder. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be
deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile or email attachment at the facsimile number or email address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile or email attachment at the facsimile number or email address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day
or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent
by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Person to whom such notice is required
to be given. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Designations, where this Certificate of Designations
provides for notice of any event to a Holder, if the Preferred Stock is held in global form by DTC ( or any successor depositary),
such notice may be delivered via DTC ( or such successor depositary) pursuant to the procedures of DTC (or such successor
depositary).

b)
Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided
herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designations shall alter or impair the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and
unconditional, to pay liquidated damages and accrued dividends, as applicable, on the shares of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and
rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

c) Lost
or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holder's Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate, or in lieu
of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Preferred Stock so mutilated,
lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership
hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation.

d)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the
construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designations shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws
thereof. Each of the Corporation and each Holder agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Certificate of Designations (whether brought against the Corporation, a Holder or
any of their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and
federal courts sitting in the City of Wilmington, Delaware (the "Delaware Courts"). Each of the Corporation and
each Holder hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for the adjudication of any dispute
hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives,
and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such
Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each of the Corporation and each
Holder hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or
proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such
Person at the address in effect for notices to it under this Certificate of Designation and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way
any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each of the Corporation and each Holder hereby
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Certificate of Designations or the transactions contemplated hereby. If the Corporation or any
Holder shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designations, then the prevailing
party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses
incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

e) 
Waiver. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designations shall not operate
as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of
Designations or a waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term
of this Certificate of Designations on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that Person ( or any other Holder)
of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designations on any other
occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder must be in writing.

f) 
Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate
of Designations shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain
applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder
violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the
maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law.

g)
Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other
obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

h) Headings.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designations and shall not be
deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

i)
Status of Converted Preferred Stock. If any shares
of Preferred Stock shall be converted or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued
shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock.

RESOLVED,
FURTHER, that the chief executive officer, the president or any vice-president, and the
secretary or any assistant secretary, of the Corporation be and they hereby are authorized and directed to prepare and file this Certificate
of Designations, Preferences, Rights and Limitations in accordance with the foregoing resolution and the provisions of Delaware law.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Certificate this second day of January, 2025.

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: /s/ Paul
McBarron

Name: Paul McBarron

Title: EVP, Finance and Chief Operating Officer

ANNEX
A

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Stock"), into shares
of common stock ("Common Stock") of Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. according to the terms and conditions of the
Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Certificate of
Designation"), as of the date written below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective
meanings set forth in the Certificate of Designation.

Date
of Conversion:

Number
of Shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted:

Number
of Shares of Preferred Stock Owned Prior to Conversion:

Number
of Shares of Preferred Stock Owned After Conversion:

Signature: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR
WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY
STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR
PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND
IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE
PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

Cyclacel
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Warrant Shares: ________ Issue Date: ___________, 2025

Initial Exercise Date: ________, 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, the Holder or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date set forth above (the Initial Exercise Date) and until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), up to ________ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of
the Companys Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price,
as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Warrant Exchange Agreement,
dated as of January 2, 2025, among the Company and the Holder signatory thereto.

1

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate
Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn
on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and
the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon
as reasonably practicable following the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of
this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering
the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased.
The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The
Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder
and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following
the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given
time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded
to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise
price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant.
The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any
circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination
Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

2

c) Cashless
Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in
which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A),
where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to
Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated
under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as
reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of
Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two
(2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day)
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such
Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless
exercise.

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (the OTCQB) or the OTCQX
Best Market (the OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such
date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading
on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market operated by the OTC Markets, Inc.
(the Pink Market) (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most
recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common
Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then
outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB or the OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Market,
the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share
of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities
then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

3

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company
agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of
the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale
limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate,
registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which
the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is
the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading
Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of
the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share
Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the
Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000
of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
$10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date)
for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.
The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding
and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Notice of Exercise.

4

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above
pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to
purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount
obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with
the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at
the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company
may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

6

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance
therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall
be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the
Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement
by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally
and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant,
by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was
reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such
notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in
strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of
shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a
fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately
before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event,
and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price
of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon
the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held
the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the
extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

8

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted
to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than
50% of the outstanding Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme
of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor
or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock
for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on
the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted
to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock
in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable
manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company
shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity)
to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with
the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder
and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder,
deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and
the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally,
had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this
Section 3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of
Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

9

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For
purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be
the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party,
any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its
last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record
or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such
dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common
Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date
on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and
the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the
period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly
set forth herein.

10

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions
of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its
agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if
required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as
applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new
Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned
this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the
date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

11

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee
of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

12

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company
further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of
issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable
action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law
or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all
Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than
taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately
prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may
validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

13

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right
to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully
and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall
pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise
enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

14

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

Cyclacel
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: 

Name:

Title:

16

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: Cyclacel
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money
of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the
cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise
this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in
subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_____________________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the
following DWAC Account Number:

_____________________________________

_____________________________________

_____________________________________

(4) Accredited
Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: _________________________ 

Holders Address: __________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this
Agreement) is dated as of January 2, 2025 (the Effective Date), between Cyclacel
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Mr. David Lazar, an individual
resident in Panama (the Purchaser or Lazar).

WHEREAS, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to the applicable regulations under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), the Company desires to issue and sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser desires to purchase
from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

WHEREAS, it is also
understood by the parties that the Company is entering into this Agreement in order to provide for the issuance and sale by the Company
of the Securities (as defined below) in an offshore transaction within the meaning of Regulation S.

WHEREAS, it is the
intention of the parties hereto that Lazars acquisition of Securities under the Transaction Documents (as defined below) shall
be exempt from Section 16(b) of the U.S. Securities Exchange of Act 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
and, accordingly, prior to the date of this Agreement, the Board adopted resolutions appointing David Lazar as Chairman of the Board
of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and subsequently approving Lazars acquisition of Securities hereunder
and exempting such acquisition from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 16b-3 (the Rule 16b-3
Exemption Approvals).

NOW, THEREFORE, IN
CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings
given to such terms in the Certificate of Designations (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth
in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning given such term in Section 4.8. Action shall have the meaning given
such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or any authorized committee thereof.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any other
day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however,
for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home,
shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any
physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including
for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Certificates
of Designations means the Certificate of Designations of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred
Stock to be filed prior to the Closing by the Company with the Secretary of State of Delaware, in the forms of Exhibit A
and Exhibit B, respectively, attached hereto.

Closing
each has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Closing
Date means, with respect to each Closing, the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents with respect to the applicable
Closing, have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers
obligations to pay the applicable portion of the Purchase Price and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the applicable
portion of the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the second (2nd) Trading
Day following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Party means all directors, officers, stockholders, employees, agents, and representatives, including, those directors comprising
of the current board of the Company.

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning given such term in the Certificates of Designation.

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof and thereof.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City
time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately
following the date hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York
City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(r).

Exchange
Act shall have the meaning given such term in the recitals.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options, restricted stock units or other equity awards to
employees, consultants, contractors, advisors, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock, option or equity plan duly
adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee
of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise, exchange
or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder, and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date
of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of
such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities
issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided
that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights
that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.14(a) herein,
provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries,
an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities
primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, or (d) the issuance
of shares of Common Stock to existing holders of the Companys securities in compliance with the terms of agreements entered into
with, or instruments issued to, such holders, and provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as
defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection
therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.14(a) herein (other than shares of Common Stock issuable to holders of
the Companys outstanding warrants upon the exercise of such warrants, provided that such securities have not been amended since
the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion
price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities).

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

Fundamental
Transaction means when (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company with or into another entity and the Company
is not the surviving entity, (ii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity,
and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares
of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property and the holders of at least 50% of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iii) the
Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares
of Common Stock).

GAAP
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(z).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.1(p).

Liens
means an adverse claim, lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, or preemptive right.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(n). Maximum Rate shall have the meaning
given such term in Section 5.16.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred
Stock means (i) the number of shares of the Companys Series C Convertible Preferred Stock issued as set forth
in the Certificate of Designations, having the rights, preferences and privileges therein, in the form set forth in Exhibit A
and (ii) the number of shares of the Companys Series D Convertible Preferred Stock to be issued as set forth in
the Certificate of Designations, having the rights, preferences and privileges therein, in the form set forth in Exhibit B.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing, against the Company before or by
any court, arbitrator, governmental, or administrative agency or regulatory authority.

Prospectus
means the final prospectus to be filed in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement.

Purchaser
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.11.

Purchase
Price means, Three Million One Hundred Thousand United States dollars (U.S.$3,100,000), payable in accordance with the terms
herein in immediately available funds.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(e).

Required
Minimum means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issuable or potentially issuable in
the future pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including through the conversion of the Preferred Stock, ignoring any conversion and
limits set forth in the Certificates of Designations.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or
interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same
purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or
interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same
purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Preferred Stock and the Conversion Shares.

Securities
Act shall have the meaning given such term in the recitals.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall
not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Stated
Valuemeans the Stated Value of the Preferred Stock as set forth in the Certificates of Designations.

Stockholder
Approval means all such approvals as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market
(or any successor entity) or under applicable law from the stockholders of the Company with respect to the issuance of all the Securities
to the Purchaser and transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

Stockholders
Meeting means the meeting of the stockholders of the Company in which Stockholder Approval is voted on as set forth in a proxy
statement approved by the Purchaser.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct
or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the OTC (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Certificates of Designations, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto, and any other
documents or agreements executed by all or any of the Parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means EQ Shareowner Services (Equiniti), the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 6201 15th
Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11219, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning given such term in Section 4.14(b).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined as follows: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the
weighted average daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding such
date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)).

ARTICLE 2.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Purchase
of Preferred Stock. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchaser
agrees to purchase (i) One Million United States Dollars (U.S.$1,000,000) worth of shares of Series C Preferred Stock, at a
price per share of $1.00, or One Million (1,000,000) shares of Series C Preferred Stock. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock
shall be convertible into 2.65 shares of Common Stock, and (ii) Two Million One Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (U.S.$2,
100,000) worth of shares of Series D Preferred Stock, at a price per share of $1.00, or Two Million One Hundred Thousand (2,100,000)
shares of Series D Preferred Stock. Each share of Series D Preferred Stock shall be convertible into one hundred ten (110)
shares of Common Stock. The aggregate amount of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock is less than
or equal to 5% of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the date hereof.

2.2 Closing.
The Closing shall take place in two stages as set forth below (respectively, the First Closing and the Final Closing,
and each a Closing). On the Closing Date applicable to the First Closing, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth herein, Purchaser shall transfer $1,000,000 of the Purchase Price for the First Closing in the manner set forth in Section 2.4(b)(i),
and the Company shall deliver to Purchaser 1,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock, and the Company and Purchaser shall deliver
the other items set forth in Section 2.3 that are deliverable at the applicable Closing. Within two (2) Business Days following
the initial Stockholders Meeting, Purchaser shall transfer the $2,100,000 portion of the Purchase Price for the Final Closing in the
manner set forth in Section 2.3(b)(i), and at the Final Closing the Company shall deliver to Purchaser 2,100,000 shares of Series D
Preferred Stock, and the Company and Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.3 that are deliverable at the
Final Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Section 2.4, each Closing shall take place remotely
by electronic transfer of the Closing deliverables and documentation.

(a)First
Closing. The First Closing shall be for $1,000,000 of the Purchase Price for the issuance of one million (1,000,000) shares of Series C
Preferred Stock, which are convertible into less than or equal to 5% of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company
immediately prior to the First Closing (the First Closing Shares).

(b)Final
Closing. The Final Closing shall be for the remaining $2,100,000 cash of the Purchase Price, for the issuance of two million one
hundred thousand (2,100,000) shares of Series D Preferred Stock of the Company (the Final Closing Shares and together
with the First Closing Shares, the Total Closing Shares) and shall occur within two (2) Business Days after Stockholder
Approval has been obtained by the Company, which Stockholder Approval shall be undertaken as approved by Purchaser.

2.3 Deliverables.

(a) On
or prior to each Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser the following:

(i) a
book-entry statement or share certificate evidencing issuance of the applicable series of Preferred Stock;

(ii) as
of the First Closing, an as-filed Certificate of Designations for the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock,
in the forms attached hereto as Exhibit A and Exhibit B, respectively;

(iii) as
of the First Closing, all reasonably required waivers and/or settlement agreements with the Companys officers, and where applicable,
creditors, vendors and employees;

(iv) as
of the First Closing, a copy of the executed settlement and release agreements set forth on Schedule 2.3 attached hereto, in a
form acceptable by Lazar;

(v) as
of the First Closing, a copy of resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors (A) authorizing Companys execution,
delivery, and performance of this Agreement, including, inter alia, the authorization and issuance of the Securities as well as
the authorization of a right for the Purchaser to sell, assign or otherwise transfer either the Securities (as well as any Common Stock
underlying any such Securities) and/or its rights to acquire the Securities (as well as any Common Stock underlying any such Securities)
pursuant to this agreement (the Securities Purchase Rights), including by way of option for Purchaser to sell and/or
a transferee thereof to purchase, the Securities Purchase Rights (the Securities Purchase Rights Transfer Right), (B) with
respect to Section 3.1(y), (C) the Rule 16b-3 Exemption Approvals, which resolutions shall be prepared and adopted in
the form provided by Purchaser to the Company, and (D) the appointment of David Lazar, as Chairman of the Board of Directors, and
a designee of David Lazar, who shall be deemed independent under the rules and regulations of the Trading Market and
applicable securities laws, as a member of the Board of Directors (the New Director);

(vi) as
of the First Closing, an executed exchange agreement by and between the Company and the Holder (the Holder),
exchanging all of its Series A warrants, Series C warrants and Series D warrants for new shares of Common Stock,
consenting to the issuance of the Securities to the Purchasers and agreeing to vote for the Stockholder Approval, in the forms
attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Exchange Agreement);

(vii) as
of the First Closing, duly executed copies of the documents set forth under Section 4.9 (Use of Proceeds; Working Capital) below;
and

( ) as
of the First Closing Date, a copy of the Companys Board resolution fixing the number of directors on the Companys Board
of Directors at up to five (5).

(b) On
or prior to the applicable Closing Date, Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i) the
applicable Purchase Price by wire transfer to the account as specified in writing by the Company in Exhibit D; it being clarified
that the Purchase Price shall be for the benefit of the Company to use as per the flow of funds included as Exhibit E.

2.4 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on each Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein (unless as
of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.3(b).

(b) The
obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on each Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as
of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have been
performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.3 (a);

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; and

(v) trading
in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys Trading Market, and, at any time prior to
the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum
prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a
banking moratorium have been declared by the United States authorities nor shall there have occurred after the date of this Agreement
any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or
any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of Purchaser, makes it impracticable
or inadvisable to purchase any of the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE 3.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall
be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the
corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchaser:

(a)Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company, if any, and their respective jurisdictions of incorporation or organization
are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). Other than as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), the Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and, all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b)Organization
and Qualification. The Company and, other than as set forth on Schedule 3.1(b), each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly
incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently
conducted. Other than as set forth on Schedule 3.1(b), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any
of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each
of the Company, and other than as set forth on Schedule 3.1(b), any Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is
in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property
owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be,
would not result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a
material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, liabilities or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company
and any Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material
respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse
Effect) ; provided, that a change in the market price or trading volume of the Common Stock alone shall not be deemed to constitute
a Material Adverse Effect; and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Company is a party has
been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws
of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability
of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions
may be limited by applicable law.

(d)No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event
that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties
or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to receipt of the Required Approvals,
conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any
court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.7, (ii) the receipt of consent from those parties set forth on Section 3.1(e)(ii) of
the Company Disclosure Schedules, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance
and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Conversion Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) the
Stockholder Approval, and (v) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the
Required Approvals).

(f)Issuance
of the Securities. The Preferred Stock is duly designated (as applicable), authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance
with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable, free and clear of any Lien
imposed by the Company. The Conversion Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable, free and clear of any Lien
imposed by the Company. Except to the extent limited by the Companys authorized shares of Common Stock, which shall be addressed
at the Stockholders Meeting, the Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock for conversion
of the Preferred Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date hereof subject to Stockholder Approval.

(g)Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall
also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g):

(i) The Company has not issued any capital
stock since filing its Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024, other
than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option
plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys
employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock
Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the
Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation,
or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(ii) Except as a result of the purchase and
sale of the Securities there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe
to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or
obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any
right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any
Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company
or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary.

(iii) The issuance and sale of the Securities
pursuant to this Agreement will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares
of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchaser).

(iv) There are no outstanding securities
or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise,
conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities
by the Company or any Subsidiary.

(v) There are no outstanding securities or
instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions,
and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company
or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.

(vi) The Company does not have any stock
appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan
or agreement.

(vii) All of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws,
and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar
rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(viii) Except for the Required Approvals,
no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others
is required for the issuance and sale of the Preferred Stock; and, other than with respect
to approval by the stockholders of the Company at a duly convened meeting thereof, no further
approval or authorization of any stockholder is or will be required for the issuance of the
Conversion Shares.

(ix) There are no stockholders agreements,
voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital
stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among
any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. Other than as set forth on Schedule III.1(h), the Company has filed all reports, schedules,
forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company
was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated
by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial
statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods
involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except
that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial
position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows
for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i)Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i): except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence
or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not
incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements
pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting in
any material respect, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders
or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not
issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company
does not have pending, before the Commission, any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities
contemplated by this Agreement, or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development
has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary, or their respective
businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under
applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading
Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j)Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of their respective properties before or by any
court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively,
an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) adversely affects or challenges the
legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director
or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities
laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty that could result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j),
there has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving
the Company or any current or former director or executive officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other
order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act.

(k)Labor
Relations. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(k), no labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent
with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None
of the Companys employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company, and the
Company is not a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company believes that its relationships with its employees are good.
To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term
of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other
contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer
does not subject the Company to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company is in compliance with all U.S.
federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment
and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l)Compliance.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(l) of the Company Disclosure Schedules, the Company: (i) is not in default under
or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a
default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default
under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party
or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is not in violation
of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has, to the Companys
knowledge, not been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

(m)Environmental
Laws. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)Regulatory
Permits. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(n), the Company possesses all certificates, authorizations and permits issued
by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its business as currently conducted,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and the Company has not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material
Permit.

(o)Title
to Assets. The Company has good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by it and good and marketable title
in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except
for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed
to be made of such property by the Company and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate
reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any
real property and facilities currently held under lease by the Company are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases
with which the Company are in compliance in all material respects.

(p)Offering
Exemption. Subject to the accuracy of the representations of the Purchaser set forth in this Agreement, the offer, sale and issuance
of the Securities to be issued in conformity with the terms of this Agreement constitute transactions which are exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act and from all applicable state registration or qualification requirements. The Company has implemented
all necessary offering restrictions applicable to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under Regulation S promulgated under
the Securities Act. Subject to the receipt of the Required Approvals and assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations
and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, the issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder will not contravene the rules and
regulations of the Trading Market. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
the issuance and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchaser is exempt from the prospectus requirements of applicable securities
laws of the location of the Purchaser and no prospectus or other document is required to be filed, under such applicable securities laws
and no proceeding is required to be taken and no approval, permit, consent or authorization of regulatory authorities is required to
be obtained by the Company under such securities laws to permit such issuance and sale.

(q)Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(q), none of the officers or directors of the Company and,
to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other
than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing
of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending
of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any
entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder,
member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered,
(ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option
agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(r)Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries, if any, are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, except in each case as
disclosed in the Companys SEC Reports. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability,
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the
recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with
respect to any differences. The Company has established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-
15 (e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company that have materially affected, the internal
control over financial reporting of the Company.

(s)Certain
Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company to any broker, financial advisor or
consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents. The Purchaser shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other
Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents.

(t)Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not be required to register as an investment
company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(u)Registration
Rights. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(u), no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the
registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(v)Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(v), the Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or
12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to the Companys knowledge is likely
to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification
that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or on Schedule 3.1(v),
the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is
or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such
Trading Market. The Company has taken commercially reasonable efforts to reach compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements
in the foreseeable future. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another
established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established
clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(w)Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchaser as a result of the Purchasers and the Companys fulfilling
their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys
issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(x)Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that
it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which has not been otherwise disclosed. The Company understands
and confirms that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All
of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including in the SEC Reports or the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true
and correct, in all material respects, and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser neither makes nor has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(y)No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(z)Solvency.
Based on the financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds
from the sale of the Securities hereunder, the fair saleable value of the Companys assets (including the proceeds from the sale
of Securities hereunder) exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing known debts
and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature as of the Closing Date. The Company does not intend to
incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on
or in respect of its debt). Schedule 3.1(z) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of fifty thousand U.S. dollars ($50,000) (other than trade
accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations
in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance
sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions
in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of fifty thousand U.S. dollars ($50,000)
due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Except as set forth on Section 3.1(z) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Company is not in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(aa) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and
all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has
paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes
for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(bb) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, if any, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent
or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any
unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns
from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person
acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision
of FCPA.

(cc) Accountants.
The Companys independent accounting firm was RSM US LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm: (i) was
a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) expressed its opinion with respect to the financial
statements that were included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023.
The Companys current independent accounting firm is Bush & Associates CPA LLP.

(dd) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is acting solely in the
capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The
Company further acknowledges that Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by Purchaser or any of Purchasers
representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental
to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to Purchaser that the Companys decision to
enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ee) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this
or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities, Purchaser
and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, may presently have
a short position in the Common Stock and Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any
arms length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) Purchaser
may engage in hedging activities in compliance with applicable law at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding,
and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company
at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities,
if done in compliance with applicable law, do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(ff) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of,
any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other
securities of the Company.

(gg) 
No General Solicitation or Directed Selling Efforts. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered
or sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising or directed selling efforts (as
defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation S). The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchaser.

(hh) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys equity incentive plans was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys equity incentive plans and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value
of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted
under the Companys equity incentive plans has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been
no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options
with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results
or prospects. The Company has 196,305 shares available for issuance under its 2018 equity incentive plan and 13,333 shares available
for issuance under its Inducement Equity Incentive Plan.

(ii) 
Cybersecurity. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, (i)(x) there has been no security breach or other compromise of
or relating to any of the Companys material information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including
the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of the Company),
equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company ]have not been notified in
writing of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other
compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company is presently in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority,
internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such
IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company has implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain
and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems
and Data; and (iv) the Company has implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(jj) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(kk) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not or has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(ll) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended
(the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve).
Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding
shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to
the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over
the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(mm) 
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in
all material respects with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting
Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the
Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or
body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the
Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)Organization;
Authority. Purchaser has the right and legal capacity to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
duly executed by Purchaser, and when delivered by Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, will constitute the valid
and legally binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general
equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
applicable law.

(b)Understandings
or Arrangements. Purchaser is acquiring the Securities in compliance with applicable securities laws, and in the ordinary course
of its business. Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under
the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation
of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right
to sell such Securities pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws).

(c)Purchaser
Status. At the time Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, it will be either (i) an
accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities
Act, or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. In addition,
if Purchaser has purchased the Securities pursuant to Regulation S, and Purchaser represents and warrants that (i) at the time he,
she or it was offered the Securities he, she or it was not, as of the date hereof it is not, and throughout the Closing Date he, she
or it will continue not to be, a U.S. Person as that term is defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S, and (ii) he,
she or it has, and will at all times have, executed all documents (including this Agreement) outside of the United States.

(d)General
Solicitation. Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at
any seminar or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertising. In addition, Purchaser is not
purchasing the Securities as a result of any directed selling efforts (as defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation
S) in the United States.

(e)Experience
of Purchaser. Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in
business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities
and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(f)Access
to Information. Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(g)Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, Purchaser has not directly or
indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with Purchaser, executed any purchases or sales,
including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that Purchaser first received a term
sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions
contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement, or
to such Purchasers and/or transferees representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners,
legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser and/or transferee has maintained the confidentiality of all
disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(h)Director
Independence. Each of David Lazar and the New Director is, and, at the time of the First Closing, will be independent
under the rules and regulations of the Trading Market and applicable securities laws.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that
the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect Purchasers right to rely on the Companys
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document
or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation
or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions
in the future.

ARTICLE 4.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Restrictive
Legends. The Purchaser agrees that the Preferred Stock and the Conversion Shares, issued pursuant to exemptions from registration
under the Securities Act, shall each bear legends stating that transfer of those Securities is restricted, substantially as follows:

THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE
UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY ARE BEING OFFERED TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT)) AND WITHOUT REGISTRATION WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT IN RELIANCE UPON REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY IS PROHIBITED, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AVAILABLE
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

4.2 Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. Subject to compliance with the terms of this Agreement, the
Company further acknowledges that its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue
the Conversion Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents when required in accordance with their terms, are unconditional and absolute
and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim
the Company may have against Purchaser or any transferee thereof, and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on
the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.3 Furnishing
of Information; Public Information. The Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within
the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even
if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, except in the event that the Company consummates
(in each case on or after the date as of which the Purchasers may sell all of their Securities without restriction or limitation pursuant
to Rule 144): (a) any transaction or series of related transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its Affiliates)
acquires then outstanding securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the Company;
(b) a merger or reorganization of the Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity;
or (c) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, where the consummation of such transaction results in the
Company no longer being subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.4 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and
regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless
stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.5 Conversion
Procedures. The form of Notice of Conversion included in the Certificates of Designations sets forth the totality of the procedures
required of the Purchaser in order to convert the Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock. Without limiting the preceding sentences,
no ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization)
of any Notice of Conversion form be required in order to convert the Preferred Stock. No additional information or instructions shall
be required of the Purchaser or transferee thereof to convert the Preferred Stock. The Company shall honor the conversions of the Preferred
Stock and shall deliver Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.6 Bankruptcy.
The Company shall not voluntarily initiate, or cause to be initiated, any bankruptcy proceeding for itself, unless required by applicable
law. Notwithstanding the above, the Company may initiate such proceedings for any or all of its Subsidiaries.

4.7 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereby and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release,
the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral,
between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, Affiliates or agents,
and the Purchaser or any transferee thereof, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms
that Purchaser or any transferee thereof pursuant to the Securities Purchase Rights Transfer Right, shall be relying on the foregoing
covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and Purchaser (or any transferee thereof pursuant to the
Securities Purchase Rights Transfer Right, as applicable) shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect
to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor Purchaser (nor any transferee thereof pursuant to the Securities
Purchase Rights Transfer Right) shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent
of the Company, with respect to any press release of Purchaser (or any transferee thereof pursuant to the Securities Purchase Rights
Transfer Right), or without the prior consent of Purchaser (or any transferee thereof pursuant to the Securities Purchase Rights Transfer
Right), with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such
disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public
statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of Purchaser (nor of any
transferee thereof pursuant to the Securities Purchase Rights Transfer Right), or include the name of Purchaser (or of any transferee
thereof pursuant to the Securities Purchase Rights Transfer Right) in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading
Market, without the prior written consent of Purchaser (or of any transferee thereof pursuant to the Securities Purchase Rights Transfer
Right, as applicable), except: (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents
with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company
shall provide the Purchaser (or any transferee thereof pursuant to the Securities Purchase Rights Transfer Right) with prior notice of
such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with Purchaser (or any transferee thereof pursuant to the
Securities Purchase Rights Transfer Right) regarding such disclosure.

4.8 Stockholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that Purchaser
(or any transferee thereof pursuant to the Securities Purchase Rights Transfer Right) is an Acquiring Person under any
control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover
plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any
such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the
Company and the Purchaser.

4.9 Use
of Proceeds; Working Capital.

(a) The
Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Preferred Stock hereunder solely as set forth on Exhibit E and shall
not use such proceeds: (a) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (b) for the settlement of any
outstanding litigation (unless instigated by one or more of the Companys creditors) or (c) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

(b) The
Company will, in good faith and in consultation with Purchaser, prepare and deliver to Purchaser a calculation of the Closing indebtedness
pay-off Amount (the Estimated Closing Indebtedness Pay-Off Amount), (ii) a calculation of the Closing Cash Amount
(the Estimated Closing Cash Amount), and (iii) a calculation of the amount of unpaid transaction and/or litigation
costs (the Estimated Unpaid Transaction Costs Amount), (collectively, the items in clauses (i)(iii) are referred
to as the Estimated Pre-Closing Adjustments). The calculation of the Estimated Pre-Closing Adjustments will be prepared
by the Company in accordance with the definitions set forth in this Agreement. If Purchaser disputes any portion of the Estimated Pre-Closing
Adjustments prior to Closing, then Purchaser and the Company will negotiate in good faith in an effort to resolve any such dispute at
or prior to Closing.

(c) At
the Final Closing, the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser an unaudited, combined, consolidated estimated balance sheet of the Company
(the Preliminary Balance Sheet) as of the Final Closing Date together with a certificate of the Company stating
that the Preliminary Balance Sheet was prepared in accordance with GAAP so as to present fairly in all material respects the financial
condition of Company on a consolidated combined basis as of such date.

(d) Without
limiting the above in this sub-section, and with no prejudice thereto, it is clarified and agreed by the Parties hereto that at the First
Closing, after funding $1,000,000 of the Purchase Price and the payments of the Estimated Closing Indebtedness Pay-Off, the Company shall
have a cash balance sufficient to fund at least three (3) months of Company operations for the purposes of continuing to carry on
its business in at the expected level of turnover, and for the purposes of executing, carrying out and fulfilling in accordance with
their terms all orders, projects and contractual obligations which have been placed with or undertaken by it, all as set forth on Exhibit E,
(the Closing Cash Balance). The Closing Cash Balance shall remain with the Company until completion of a Fundamental
Transaction. The term Fundamental Transaction, as used herein shall not include any of the transactions contemplated herein.

(e) Without limiting the above in this sub-section, and with no prejudice thereto, it is clarified and agreed by the Parties
hereto that at the Final Closing, after funding $2,100,000 of the Purchase Price the Company shall make a cash payment of $1,100,000 to
the Holder in accordance with the Exchange Agreement, the remaining balance of $1,000,000 being the Final Closing Cash Balance. Upon a
Fundamental Transaction, the Final Closing Cash Balance may be used as per Exhibit E. Any balance remaining of the Final Closing
Cash Balance will be disbursed to stockholders of the Company in accordance with the provisions governing the shares owned by said stockholders
based on a record date one day prior to the execution of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(f) For
avoidance of doubt it is clarified and agreed that any shortfall to the above noted Closing Cash Balance amount will come off the payment
amounts to Spiro Rombotis and Paul McBarron set forth on Exhibit E, and to which will be the final Closing Indebtedness Pay-Off
Amount disbursement made by the Company. The Company undertakes to ensure that the executed settlement and release agreement of Spiro
Rombotis and Paul McBarron set forth on Schedule 2.3 attached hereto shall contain provisions which reflect the above covenants
and undertakings of the Company.

4.10 Indemnification
of the Company. Subject to the subsections of this Section 4.10, the Purchaser will indemnify and hold the Company and each
Company Party harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including
all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such
Company Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements made by the Purchaser in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted
against the Company in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company, with respect to
any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such
Company Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such
Company Party may have with any such breach of such Company Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction
Documents or any agreements or understandings such Company Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Company
Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Company Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud,
gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Company Party in respect of which indemnity may be
sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Company Party shall promptly notify the Purchaser in writing, and the Purchaser shall have the
right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Company Party. Any Company Party shall
have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such
counsel shall be at the expense of such Company Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically
authorized by the Purchaser in writing, (ii) the Purchaser has failed within ten days after notice from the Company Party to assume
such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on
any material issue between the position of the Purchaser and the position of such Company Party, in which case the Purchaser shall be
responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Purchaser will not be liable to any Company
Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Company Party effected without the Purchasers prior written consent,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or
liability is attributable to any Company Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made
by such Company Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8
shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received
or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Company
Party against the Purchaser or others and any liabilities the Purchaser may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.11 Indemnification
of Purchaser. Subject to the subsections of this Section 4.11, the Company will indemnify and hold Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties
in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser
Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material
breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or
understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal
securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or
willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant
to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume
the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the
right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized
by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed within twenty (20) days after notice from the Purchaser Party to assume such
defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any
material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible
for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party
under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability
is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such
Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.9 shall
be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received
or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser
Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.12 Reservation
and Listing of Securities.

(a) Except
to the extent limited by the Companys authorized shares of Common Stock, the Company shall maintain a reserve from its duly authorized
shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations
in full under the Transaction Documents.

(b) If,
on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than the Required Minimum
on such date, then the Board of Directors shall include a proposal for an amendment to the Companys certificate of incorporation
to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least the Required Minimum at the Stockholders Meeting.

(c) The
Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such Trading
Market an additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum on
the date of such application, (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be listed on such Trading Market
as soon as possible thereafter, (iii) provide to the Purchaser evidence of such listing and (iv) use commercially reasonable
efforts to maintain the listing of such Common Stock on such Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common
Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation,
by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic
transfer.

4.13 Certain
Company Actions.

(a) Until
the next duly convened annual meeting of the Company stockholders, without Purchasers consent, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld, and except as contemplated by this Agreement, the Company shall not change the number of directors constituting the entire
Board of Directors or fill any vacancy in the Board (except as set forth above in this Agreement), change the nature of Companys
operations, incur any debt for borrowed money, guarantee any obligation of any third party, issue any capital stock other than pursuant
to obligations to issue Common Stock listed on Schedule 3.1(g) or pursuant to any Company equity incentive plan, issue or grant
any instrument exercisable for or convertible into capital stock, or otherwise enter into any transaction other than in the ordinary
course of business, amend its certificate of incorporation, or bylaws, establish any account at any bank other than that set forth on
Schedule 4.13 or change the banking signature authority from that set forth on Schedule 4.13, or agree to any of the foregoing.

(b) By
no later than February 15, 2025, the Company will attempt to hold a special Stockholders Meeting of the stockholders of the Company
the purposes of which will include, among other things, proposals for (i) the issuance of all of the Securities to the Purchaser
in compliance with the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth
in the applicable Certificate of Designations), (ii) a reverse stock split of the Common Stock of the Company in the range of between
1 for 4 to 1 for 16, to be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company , and, following Stockholder Approval, to be implemented
at the sole and absolute discretion of the Board of Directors, and (iii) increase in the authorized shares of common stock to a
minimum of 250,000,000, and (iv) increase in shares available under the existing equity incentive plan to 250,000 shares.

( ) In
the event all of the actions in Section 4.13(b) are not approved by the stockholders at the Stockholders Meeting, the Company
shall use its reasonable best efforts to call another stockholder meeting (the Second Meeting) within seventy (70)
days of the Stockholders Meeting for the purpose of obtaining the Required Approvals, with the recommendation of the Companys
Board of Directors that such proposals are approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith
in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement. If the Company does not obtain the Required Approvals at
the Second Meeting, the Company shall issue the Purchaser 200,000 shares of Common Stock, at a price per share equal to the closing price
on the date of the Second Meeting plus $0.02.

4.14 Subsequent
Equity Sales.

Without the prior written consent of
the Purchaser,

(i) From
the date hereof until one hundred and eighty (180) days after the Closing Date, without Purchasers consent, neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary shall issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents.

(ii) From
the date hereof until one hundred and eighty (180) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering
into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a
combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction
in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or
include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate
or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time
after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject
to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security (other than in connection with a stock
split, stock dividend or similar event) or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the
business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including,
but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at
a future determined price. Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance,
which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

4.15 Participation
in Future Financing.

(a) From
the date hereof until nine (9) months after the Closing Date, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents for cash consideration, Indebtedness or a combination of units thereof (a Subsequent
Financing), Purchaser shall have the right to participate therein up to an amount equal to twenty five percent (25%) of the
Subsequent Financing (the Participation Maximum) on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent
Financing.

(b) At
least four (4) Trading Days prior to the closing of the Subsequent Financing, the Company shall deliver to Purchaser a written notice
of its intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (Pre-Notice), which Pre-Notice shall ask Purchaser if it wants
to review the details of such financing (such additional notice, a Subsequent Financing Notice). Upon the request
of Purchaser, and only upon a request by Purchaser, for a Subsequent Financing Notice, the Company shall promptly, but no later than
one (1) Trading Day after such request, deliver a Subsequent Financing Notice to Purchaser. The Subsequent Financing Notice shall
describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder
and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected and shall include a term sheet or
similar document relating thereto as an attachment.

(c) To
participate in such Subsequent Financing, Purchaser must provide written notice to the Company, by not later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on the second (2nd) Trading Day after Purchaser has received the Pre-Notice, that Purchaser wishes to participate in
the Subsequent Financing, the amount of Purchasers participation, and representing and warranting that Purchaser has such funds
ready, willing, and available for investment on the terms set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice. If the Company receives no such
notice from Purchaser as of such second (2nd) Trading Day, Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect
to participate.

(d) If
by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) Trading Day after the Purchaser has received the Pre-Notice, notification
by the Purchaser of its wish to participate in the Subsequent Financing (or to cause its designees to participate) is, in the aggregate,
less than the total amount of the Participation Maximum, then the Company may effect the remaining portion of such Subsequent Financing
on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice.

(e) The
Company must provide the Purchaser with a second Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Purchaser will again have the right of participation
set forth above in this Section 4.15, if the Subsequent Financing subject to the initial Subsequent Financing Notice is not consummated
for any reason on the terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within thirty (30) Trading Days after the date of the initial
Subsequent Financing Notice.

(f) The
Company and Purchaser agree that if Purchaser elects to participate in a Subsequent Financing, the transaction documents related to the
Subsequent Financing shall not include any term or provision that, directly or indirectly, will, or is intended to, exclude Purchaser
from participating in a Subsequent Financing, including, but not limited to, provisions whereby Purchaser shall be required to agree
to any restrictions on trading as to any of the Securities purchased hereunder or be required to consent to any amendment to or termination
of, or grant any waiver, release or the like under or in connection with, this Agreement, without the prior written consent of Purchaser.

(g) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 4.15 and unless otherwise agreed to by Purchaser, the Company shall either confirm in writing
to Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been abandoned or shall publicly disclose its intention
to issue the securities in the Subsequent Financing, in either case in such a manner such that Purchaser will not be in possession of
any material, nonpublic information, by the tenth (10th) Business Day following delivery of the Subsequent Financing Notice.
If by such tenth (10th) Business Day, no public disclosure regarding a transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing
has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction has been received by Purchaser, such transaction shall be
deemed to have been abandoned and Purchaser shall not be deemed to be in possession of any material, non-public information with respect
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

4.16 Solvency.
Purchaser covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate except for its United Kingdom subsidiary acting on its behalf or pursuant to any
understanding with it, intends to engage in any transaction following the Closing which is intended to negatively impact the solvency
of the Company following the Closing.

4.17 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Purchaser covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any
understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the
period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are
first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.7. Purchaser covenants that until such
time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.7, Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information
included in this Agreement and the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees
that (i) Purchaser makes no representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any
securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to
the initial press release as described in Section 4.7; (ii) Purchaser shall not be restricted or prohibited from effecting
any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.7; and
(iii) Purchaser shall have no duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents after the issuance of the initial
press release as described in Section 4.7. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Purchaser is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby
separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge
of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth
above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase
the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.18 Insurance.
Prior to the First Closing, the Company shall obtain either (i) tail insurance policies with a claims period of six
years from the Closing or (ii) extend the Companys existing director and officer insurance policies with coverage for the
Companys directors and officers as of immediately prior to the First Closing, in each case, and to the extent reasonably feasible
commercially and subject to the agreement of the Companys insurance underwriters, with at least the same coverage and amounts
and containing terms and conditions that are not less advantageous to the parties covered by the Companys existing director and
officer insurance policies and with respect to claims arising out of or relating to events which occurred before or at the First Closing
(including in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement).

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Fees
and Expenses.

(a) The
Company agrees to pay all costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, whether or not the
transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, including expenses, fees and taxes in connection
with (i) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the certificates for the Securities to the Purchaser, including any stock or
other transfer taxes or duties payable upon the sale of the Securities to the Purchaser, (ii) the filing for any required review
of the offering of the Securities by FINRA (including the legal fees and filing fees and other disbursements of counsel for the Purchaser
relating thereto), (iii) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Warrant Shares on Nasdaq, and (iv) the
performance of the Companys other obligations hereunder.

(b) Except
as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, including, inter alia, each Party shall otherwise pay the
fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such Party incident
to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

(c) The
Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction
letter delivered by the Company and any conversion notice delivered by Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection
with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser.

5.2 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.3 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York
City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day
or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the
date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom
such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto.

5.4 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchaser or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such
waived provision is sought. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall
be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition
or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise
of any such right. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.4 shall be binding upon Purchaser and holder of Securities
and the Company.

5.5 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.6 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Purchaser (other
than by merger). Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom Purchaser assigns or transfers
any Securities, including, inter alia, pursuant to the Securities Purchase Rights Transfer Right, provided that such transferee agrees
in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities Purchase Rights and/or transferred Securities, by the provisions of
the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchaser.

5.7 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced or waived by, any other Person, except for (i) a
transferee or Purchaser pursuant to the Securities Purchase Rights Transfer Right, or (ii) as otherwise set forth in Section IV.10.

5.8 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with
any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents),
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party
hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing
a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect
for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the
obligations of the Company under Section 4.10, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing
party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such Action or Proceeding.

5.9 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for the period of the
applicable statute of limitations.

5.10 
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file or other electronic signing crated on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign), such signature
shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on
whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original
thereof.

5.11 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable.

5.12 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any
of the other Transaction Documents, whenever Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document, and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

5.13 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company
of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.14 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Purchaser
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and
hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law
would be adequate.

5.15 
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.16 Usury.
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any Action or Proceeding that may be brought by Purchaser in order to enforce any right or remedy under
any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction Document, it is expressly agreed
and provided that the total liability of the Company under the Transaction Documents for payments in the nature of interest shall not
exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing,
in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums in the nature of interest
that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract
rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental
action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to
the Transaction Documents from the Closing Date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any
circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to Purchaser with respect to indebtedness evidenced
by the Transaction Documents, such excess shall be applied by Purchaser to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be
refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at Purchasers election.

5.17 Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have
been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.18 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.19 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party
shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the
date first indicated above.

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Address
for Notice:

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
200

By: /s/ Spiro Rombotis Connell
Drive, Suite 1500

Name: Spiro Rombotis Berkeley Heights, NJ 07922

Its: Chief Executive Officer Attention: Paul McBarron, CFO

E-mail: pmcbarron@cyclacel.com

With a copy to (which shall not constitute
notice):

Joel I. Papernik, Esq.

Jeffrey P. Schultz, Esq.

Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky
and Popeo, P.C.

919 Third Avenue

New York, NY 10022

E-mail: jpapernik@mintz.com

jschultz@mintz.com

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY
LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

PURCHASER:

DAVID LAZAR Address
for Notice:

Mr. David Lazar

/s/ David Lazar 30B, Tower 200 The
Towers,

Winston Churchill, San

Francisco, Paitilla, Panama

City, Panama. 07196

E-Mail: david@activistinvestingllc.com

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

ABZ Law Offices 

Attn: Avraham Ben-Tzvi, Adv. 

28 General Pierre Koenig, Floor 3 

Jerusalem, Israel

E-mail: abz@abz-law.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

FORM OF SETTLEMENT
AGREEMENT AND GENERAL AND MUTUAL RELEASE

This Settlement Agreement and General
and Mutual Release (the Agreement)
is on this second day of January, 2025 by and between Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company)
and __________ (the Director),
collectively known herein as the Parties.

WHEREAS,
the Director was elected to act as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Services).

WHEREAS,
the Director has provided the Services commonly performed by a director of a company in a similar position.

WHEREAS,
there is no dispute as to the provision of the Services nor any disagreements with the Company.

WHEREAS,
the Parties desire and intend that this Agreement supplement and modify all prior contracts, agreements and understandings between
the Parties.

WHEREAS,
the Parties desire that the Director submits his or her resignation from the Board of Directors of the Company and from all committees
of the Board, if any, on which he or she shall be serving on the date hereof, forthwith.

NOW, THEREFORE,
the Parties, intending to be legally bound, and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements contained herein and
other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, agree as follows:

1. Settlement Payments Due to the Director from the Company.

Upon execution hereof, the Company
has paid to the Director a cash settlement payment, including with respect to any and all accrued and unpaid directors
fees as of the date hereof as applicable to the Director, in the amount of $___________ (the Cash
Settlement).

Resignation and Release.

The Director hereby resigns as a member
of the Board of Directors of the Company and irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits and forever discharges the Company and
any principals and any successors and assigns (and any officers, directors, shareholders, managers, members, employees, representatives,
attorneys, consultants, and agents of such entities) (hereinafter referred to for purposes of this section as the Clients),
from any and all claims, demands, rights, causes of action, liens, actions, suits, attorneys
fees, costs, damages, losses, expenses and contractual obligations of whatever kind or nature, whether absolute or contingent,
liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, in law or in equity, fully accrued or not fully accrued, matured or unmatured, known
or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, suspected or unsuspected, relating to any matter whatsoever (collectively, Claims)
which the Director had, currently has, shall or may have, provided that the foregoing is not intended to and shall not have the
effect of (i) terminating or limiting in any way Directors
rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses under the Companys
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Second Amended and Restated Bylaws or Indemnification Agreement or to continued
coverage under the D&O Policy (as defined in Section 3 below), including under the Companys
tail insurance coverage; (ii) limiting the ability of Director to enforce this Agreement; or (iii) limiting, reducing or eliminating
any of the benefits which Director is entitled to receive as a holder of equity securities in the Company, including the Shares (as defined
in Section 4 below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the release contained herein shall not release the Director from their obligations
pursuant to this Agreement.

The Company, for itself and for its
successors and assigns hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits and forever discharges the Director, any successors and
assigns (and any officers, directors, shareholders, managers, members, employees, representatives, attorneys, consultants, and agents
of such entities), from any and all Claims (as defined above) which the Company had, currently has, shall or may have. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the release contained herein shall not release the Clients from their obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

2. Consideration. In addition to the Cash Settlement, as full consideration for the release of Claims
and the other promises and covenants set forth herein and as payment of all amounts owed or otherwise payable by the Company to Director
for his or her service as a member of the Board of the Directors of the Company, the Company shall (i) continue to indemnify and
advance expenses to Director under the Companys
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Second Amended, Indemnification Agreement and Restated Bylaws, as permitted
by the Delaware General Corporation Law and (ii) continue to provide coverage to Director under the Companys
director and officer liability insurance pursuant to the Companys
tail insurance coverage (the D&O Policy).
The Company agrees that it will not amend its governing documents or modify the coverage of Director under the D&O Policy in a manner
that would adversely impact Directors rights to
any benefits thereunder.

3. Acknowledgement of Equity Ownership. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Director, owns
_____ shares, _____ restricted stock units and ____ stock options (collectively, the Shares),
respectively, of the Companys common stock, free
and clear of all claims of, or encumbrances imposed by, the Company.

4. No Admission. The Parties understand and agree that this Agreement shall not be construed as (i) an
admission of liability by one party to the other, (ii) that either party has violated any federal, state or local statute, law, ordinance
or regulation, or (iii) there has been any material disagreements with the Company.

5. Binding Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements between the Parties. This Agreement
shall be binding upon the Parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. The Parties agree and stipulate that this Agreement
is enforceable in all respects and is not subject to any affirmative claim, once this Agreement is executed.

6. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire and complete understanding between the
Parties hereto, and no other representation, promise, or agreement shall be binding upon either of them unless it is in writing and executed
by the Parties.

2

7. Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified in any manner except by a writing signed
by each of the Parties hereto.

8. Recitals. The Parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the recitals set forth at the beginning
of this Agreement are true and correct in all respects and are incorporated herein by this reference.

9. Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement is made and delivered in and shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with, the applicable laws of the State of Delaware. Any suit involving any dispute or matter arising under this Agreement,
the Parties hereby consent to personal jurisdiction in the State of Delaware.

10. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable,
the provision shall be modified to the extent necessary to render it enforceable and, if necessary, shall be fully severable.

11. Authority. Each signer below warrants that he/she has actual authority to enter into this Agreement.
It is understood that each party to this Agreement is relying on the other party executing his Agreement having actual authority to enter
into the Agreement.

12. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be
considered one and the same Agreement and each of which shall be deemed an original. An executed counterpart of this Agreement faxed or
scanned and emailed shall have the same force and effect as an originally executed counterpart.

13. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT.

14. Encouragement to Consult Attorney; Time to Consider Agreement. EACH OF THE PARTIES REPRESENTS THAT
THIS AGREEMENT HAS BEEN ENTERED INTO FREELY AND VOLUNTARILY; THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO ASCERTAIN AND WEIGH ALL OF THE FACTS AND
CIRCUMSTANCES LIKELY TO INFLUENCE ITS JUDGMENTS; THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN LEGAL COUNSEL FROM MINTZ LEVIN, AND HAS DISCUSSED
WITH MINTZ LEVIN PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, AND TO BE DULY APPRISED OF ITS LEGAL RIGHTS; AND THAT IT HAS READ AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS
THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT.

15. Non-Disparagement. The Parties agree that they will not publish, ratify or endorse, any statement,
comment or communication that may be considered defamatory, derogatory or disparaging of the good name or business reputation of any of
the other Parties. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent any of the Parties from (i) cooperating
in any governmental proceeding, (ii) making truthful statements to the extent necessary with respect to any litigation or arbitration
involving any agreement between the Parties or from providing truthful testimony pursuant to a legally-issued subpoena or similar legal
compulsion, (iii) reporting possible violations of law to a governmental agency or entity, or requiring
a party to seek authorization from, or notification to, the other party of such reports, or (iv) responding truthfully and publicly
to incorrect, disparaging or derogatory public statements to the extent reasonably necessary to correct or refute such public statement.

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have made and entered into
this Settlement Agreement and General and Mutual Release as of the date set forth above.

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

By: Paul McBarron 

Its: EVP, Finance & COO 

[Director] 

Name:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL AND MUTUAL RELEASE

This Settlement Agreement and General
and Mutual Release (the Agreement) is on this second day of January, 2025 by and between Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
(the Company) and Spiro Rombotis (the Officer), collectively known herein as the Parties.

WHEREAS,
the Officer has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the Services).

WHEREAS,
the Officer has provided the Services commonly performed by an officer of a company in a similar position and agrees to provide
transition services to the Company in the capacity as Board Member through the filing of the Companys 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

WHEREAS,
there is no dispute as to the provision of the Services nor any disagreements with the Company.

WHEREAS,
the Parties desire and intend that this Agreement supplement and modify all prior contracts, agreements and understandings
between the Parties.

WHEREAS,
the Parties desire that the Officer submits his or her resignation as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
on the date hereof, forthwith.

NOW,
THEREFORE, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements
contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, agree as follows:

1. Settlement
Payments Due to the Officer from the Company.

Upon execution hereof, the Company
shall pay to the Officer a cash settlement payment, including with respect to any and all accrued and unpaid compensation as of the date
hereof as applicable to the Officer, in the amount of $558,831 (the Cash Settlement).

2. Resignation
and Release.

The Officer hereby resigns as an
officer of the Company and irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits and forever discharges the Company and any principals
and any successors and assigns (and any officers, directors, shareholders, managers, members, employees, representatives, attorneys,
consultants, and agents of such entities) (hereinafter referred to for purposes of this section as the Clients), from
any and all claims, demands, rights, causes of action, liens, actions, suits, attorneys fees, costs, damages, losses,
expenses and contractual obligations of whatever kind or nature, whether absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, direct
or indirect, in law or in equity, fully accrued or not fully accrued, matured or unmatured, known or unknown, foreseen or
unforeseen, suspected or unsuspected, relating to any matter whatsoever (collectively, Claims) which the Officer had,
currently has, shall or may have, provided that the foregoing is not intended to and shall not have the effect of
(i) terminating or limiting in any way Officers rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses under the Companys
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Second Amended and Restated Bylaws or Indemnification Agreement or to continued
coverage under the D&O Policy (as defined in Section 3 below), including under the Companys
tail insurance coverage; (ii) limiting the ability of Officer to enforce this Agreement; or (iii) limiting, reducing or
eliminating any of the benefits which Officer is entitled to receive as a holder of equity securities in the Company, including the
Shares (as defined in Section 4 below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the release contained herein shall not release the
Officer from their obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

The Company, for itself and for its
successors and assigns hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits and forever discharges the Officer, any successors and
assigns (and any officers, directors, shareholders, managers, members, employees, representatives, attorneys, consultants, and agents
of such entities), from any and all Claims (as defined above) which the Company had, currently has, shall or may have. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the release contained herein shall not release the Clients from their obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

3. Consideration.
In addition to the Cash Settlement, as full consideration for the release of Claims and the other promises and covenants set forth herein
and as payment of all amounts owed or otherwise payable by the Company to Officer for his or her Services, the Company shall (i) continue
to indemnify and advance expenses to Officer under the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation and Second Amended, Indemnification Agreement and Restated Bylaws, as permitted by the Delaware General Corporation
Law and (ii) continue to provide coverage to Officer under the Companys director and
officer liability insurance pursuant to the Companys tail insurance coverage (the D&O
Policy). The Company agrees that it will not amend its governing documents or modify the coverage
of Officer under the D&O Policy in a manner that would adversely impact Officers rights
to any benefits thereunder.

4. Acknowledgement of Equity
Ownership. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Officer owns 6,402 shares of common stock, 1,600 shares of 6% convertible
exchangeable preferred stock, no restricted stock units and 26,367 stock options (collectively, the Shares),
respectively, of the Companys common stock, free and clear of all claims of, or encumbrances
imposed by, the Company.

5. No Admission.
The Parties understand and agree that this Agreement shall not be construed as (i) an admission of liability by one party to the
other, (ii) that either party has violated any federal, state or local statute, law, ordinance or regulation, or (iii) there
has been any material disagreements with the Company.

6. Binding Agreement.
This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements between the Parties. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns. The Parties agree and stipulate that this Agreement is enforceable in all respects and is not subject
to any affirmative claim, once this Agreement is executed.

2

7. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the entire and complete understanding between the Parties hereto, and no other representation, promise, or
agreement shall be binding upon either of them unless it is in writing and executed by the Parties.

8. Amendment. This
Agreement may not be amended or modified in any manner except by a writing signed by each of the Parties hereto.

9. Recitals. The
Parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the recitals set forth at the beginning of this Agreement are true and correct in all respects
and are incorporated herein by this reference.

10. Governing Law; Venue.
This Agreement is made and delivered in and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, the applicable laws of the State of
Delaware. Any suit involving any dispute or matter arising under this Agreement, the Parties hereby consent to personal jurisdiction in
the State of Delaware.

11. Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the provision shall be modified to the extent
necessary to render it enforceable and, if necessary, shall be fully severable.

12. Authority. Each
signer below warrants that he/she has actual authority to enter into this Agreement. It is understood that each party to this Agreement
is relying on the other party executing his Agreement having actual authority to enter into the Agreement.

13. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same Agreement and each of which
shall be deemed an original. An executed counterpart of this Agreement faxed or scanned and emailed shall have the same force and effect
as an originally executed counterpart.

14. Waiver of Jury Trial.
EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY PROCEEDING
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

15. Encouragement to Consult
Attorney; Time to Consider Agreement. EACH OF THE PARTIES REPRESENTS THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS BEEN ENTERED INTO FREELY AND VOLUNTARILY;
THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO ASCERTAIN AND WEIGH ALL OF THE FACTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES LIKELY TO INFLUENCE ITS JUDGMENTS; THAT IT HAS
HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN LEGAL COUNSEL FROM MINTZ LEVIN, AND HAS DISCUSSED WITH MINTZ LEVIN PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, AND
TO BE DULY APPRISED OF ITS LEGAL RIGHTS; AND THAT IT HAS READ AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT.

16. Non-Disparagement.
The Parties agree that they will not publish, ratify or endorse, any statement, comment or communication that may be considered defamatory,
derogatory or disparaging of the good name or business reputation of any of the other Parties. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent any of the Parties from (i) cooperating in
any governmental proceeding, (ii) making truthful statements to the extent necessary with respect to any litigation or arbitration
involving any agreement between the Parties or from providing truthful testimony pursuant to a legally-issued subpoena or similar legal
compulsion, (iii) reporting possible violations of law to a governmental agency or entity, or requiring a party to seek authorization
from, or notification to, the other party of such reports, or (iv) responding truthfully and publicly to incorrect, disparaging or
derogatory public statements to the extent reasonably necessary to correct or refute such public statement.

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties have made and entered into this Settlement Agreement and General and Mutual Release as of the date set forth above.

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

/s/ Paul McBarron 

By: Paul McBarron 

Its: EVP, Finance and COO 

Spiro Rombotis

/s/ Spiro Rombotis 

Name: Spiro Rombotis 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL AND MUTUAL RELEASE

This Settlement Agreement and General
and Mutual Release (the Agreement) is on this second day of January, 2025 by and between Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
(the Company) and Paul McBarron (the Officer), collectively known herein as the Parties.

WHEREAS,
the Officer has served as Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Operating Officer of the Company (the Services).

WHEREAS,
the Officer has provided the Services commonly performed by an officer of a company in a similar position and agrees to provide
transition services to the Company in the capacity as Board Member through the filing of the Companys 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

WHEREAS,
there is no dispute as to the provision of the Services nor any disagreements with the Company.

WHEREAS,
the Parties desire and intend that this Agreement supplement and modify all prior contracts, agreements and understandings
between the Parties.

WHEREAS,
the Parties desire that the Officer submits his or her resignation as Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Operating
Officer of the Company effective immediately following the initial closing as contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of
January 2, 2025, by and between the Company and David Lazar (the First Closing).

NOW,
THEREFORE, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements
contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, agree as follows:

1. Settlement
Payments Due to the Officer from the Company.

Upon execution hereof, the Company
shall pay to the Officer a cash settlement payment, including with respect to any and all accrued and unpaid compensation as of the date
hereof as applicable to the Officer, in the amount of $330,329 (the Cash Settlement).

2. Resignation
and Release.

The Officer hereby resigns as an
officer of the Company effective immediately following the First Closing and irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits and
forever discharges the Company and any principals and any successors and assigns (and any officers, directors, shareholders,
managers, members, employees, representatives, attorneys, consultants, and agents of such entities) (hereinafter referred to for
purposes of this section as the Clients), from any and all claims, demands, rights, causes of action, liens, actions,
suits, attorneys fees, costs, damages, losses, expenses and contractual obligations of whatever kind or nature, whether
absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, in law or in equity, fully accrued or not fully accrued,
matured or unmatured, known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, suspected or unsuspected, relating to any matter whatsoever
(collectively, Claims) which the Officer had,
currently has, shall or may have, provided that the foregoing is not intended to and shall not have the effect of
(i) terminating or limiting in any way Officers rights to indemnification
and advancement of expenses under the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation or Second Amended and Restated Bylaws or Indemnification Agreement or to continued coverage under the D&O Policy
(as defined in Section 3 below), including under the Companys tail insurance
coverage; (ii) limiting the ability of Officer to enforce this Agreement; or (iii) limiting, reducing or eliminating any
of the benefits which Officer is entitled to receive as a holder of equity securities in the Company, including the Shares (as
defined in Section 4 below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the release contained herein shall not release the Officer from
their obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

The Company, for itself and for its
successors and assigns hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits and forever discharges the Officer, any successors and
assigns (and any officers, directors, shareholders, managers, members, employees, representatives, attorneys, consultants, and agents
of such entities), from any and all Claims (as defined above) which the Company had, currently has, shall or may have. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the release contained herein shall not release the Clients from their obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

3. Consideration.
In addition to the Cash Settlement, as full consideration for the release of Claims and the other promises and covenants set forth herein
and as payment of all amounts owed or otherwise payable by the Company to Officer for his or her Services, the Company shall (i) continue
to indemnify and advance expenses to Officer under the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation and Second Amended, Indemnification Agreement and Restated Bylaws, as permitted by the Delaware General Corporation
Law and (ii) continue to provide coverage to Officer under the Companys director and
officer liability insurance pursuant to the Companys tail insurance coverage (the D&O
Policy). The Company agrees that it will not amend its governing documents or modify the coverage
of Officer under the D&O Policy in a manner that would adversely impact Officers rights
to any benefits thereunder.

4. Acknowledgement of Equity
Ownership. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Officer owns 1,905 shares, no restricted stock units and 15,817 stock
options (collectively, the Shares), respectively,
of the Companys common stock, free and clear of all claims of, or encumbrances imposed by,
the Company.

5. No Admission.
The Parties understand and agree that this Agreement shall not be construed as (i) an admission of liability by one party to the
other, (ii) that either party has violated any federal, state or local statute, law, ordinance or regulation, or (iii) there
has been any material disagreements with the Company.

6. Binding Agreement.
This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements between the Parties. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns. The Parties agree and stipulate that this Agreement is enforceable in all respects and is not subject
to any affirmative claim, once this Agreement is executed.

2

7. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the entire and complete understanding between the Parties hereto, and no other representation, promise, or
agreement shall be binding upon either of them unless it is in writing and executed by the Parties.

8. Amendment. This
Agreement may not be amended or modified in any manner except by a writing signed by each of the Parties hereto.

9. Recitals. The
Parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the recitals set forth at the beginning of this Agreement are true and correct in all respects
and are incorporated herein by this reference.

10. Governing Law; Venue.
This Agreement is made and delivered in and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, the applicable laws of the State of
Delaware. Any suit involving any dispute or matter arising under this Agreement, the Parties hereby consent to personal jurisdiction in
the State of Delaware.

11. Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the provision shall be modified to the extent
necessary to render it enforceable and, if necessary, shall be fully severable.

12. Authority. Each
signer below warrants that he/she has actual authority to enter into this Agreement. It is understood that each party to this Agreement
is relying on the other party executing his Agreement having actual authority to enter into the Agreement.

13. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same Agreement and each of which
shall be deemed an original. An executed counterpart of this Agreement faxed or scanned and emailed shall have the same force and effect
as an originally executed counterpart.

14. Waiver of Jury Trial.
EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY PROCEEDING
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

15. Encouragement to Consult
Attorney; Time to Consider Agreement. EACH OF THE PARTIES REPRESENTS THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS BEEN ENTERED INTO FREELY AND VOLUNTARILY;
THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO ASCERTAIN AND WEIGH ALL OF THE FACTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES LIKELY TO INFLUENCE ITS JUDGMENTS; THAT IT HAS
HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN LEGAL COUNSEL FROM MINTZ LEVIN, AND HAS DISCUSSED WITH MINTZ LEVIN PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, AND
TO BE DULY APPRISED OF ITS LEGAL RIGHTS; AND THAT IT HAS READ AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT.

16. Non-Disparagement.
The Parties agree that they will not publish, ratify or endorse, any statement, comment or communication that may be considered defamatory,
derogatory or disparaging of the good name or business reputation of any of the other Parties. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent any of the Parties from (i) cooperating in
any governmental proceeding, (ii) making truthful statements to the extent necessary with respect to any litigation or arbitration
involving any agreement between the Parties or from providing truthful testimony pursuant to a legally-issued subpoena or similar legal
compulsion, (iii) reporting possible violations of law to a governmental agency or entity, or requiring a party to seek authorization
from, or notification to, the other party of such reports, or (iv) responding truthfully and publicly to incorrect, disparaging or
derogatory public statements to the extent reasonably necessary to correct or refute such public statement.

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties have made and entered into this Settlement Agreement and General and Mutual Release as of the date set forth above.

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

/s/ Spiro Rombotis 

By: Spiro Rombotis 

Its: President and Chief Executive Officer 

Paul McBarron

/s/ Paul McBarron 

Name: Paul McBarron 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

WARRANT EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

This WARRANT EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of January 2, 2025, is made and entered into between Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc,
a Delaware company (the Company), and the holder (Holder). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Exchanged Warrants or the Exercise and Reload Agreement (each as defined herein).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Holder is the owner of Series C common stock purchase warrants and Series D common stock purchase warrants of the Company, issued
on November 14, 2024 pursuant to that certain Warrant Exercise and Reload Agreement dated November 13, 2024 by and between the
Company and the Holder (the Exercise and Reload Agreement) and Series A common stock purchase warrants of the
Company issued on May 2, 2024 pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of April 30, 2024 by and between
the Company and the Holder (the April Securities Purchase Agreement);

WHEREAS,
the Holder and the Company desire to exchange certain Exchanged Warrants (as defined herein) acquired pursuant to the Exercise and Reload
Agreement and the April Securities Purchase Agreement and beneficially owned by Holder for shares of Common Stock of the Company
and cash upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and subject to the approval as required by the applicable rules and
regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to issuance of all
of the shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock) to be issued pursuant to this
Agreement (the Stockholder Approval);

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Holder shall (i) consent to the issuance of securities to David Lazar and/or his affiliates
pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and David Lazar to be entered concurrently with this Agreement and such
issuance of shares of Common Stock and Common Stock Equivalents shall bean Exempt Issuance under and (ii) waive the
Companys obligations to file a registration statement and cause to be declared effective with respect to the registration of the
resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Exchanged Warrants (as defined herein); and

WHEREAS,
the Company intends to cancel the Exchanged Warrants (as defined herein) upon their transfer to the Company as described herein, and pursuant
to this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

EXCHANGE

Section 1.1Exchange
of Warrants; Consent and Waiver; Registration; Voting Agreement.

(a)On
and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the receipt of Stockholder Approval, the Company agrees to exchange
with the Holder, 4,968,945 Series A Warrants, 9,937,890 Series C Warrants and 9,937,890 Series D Warrants owned by the
Holder (collectively, the Exchanged Warrants), for the issuance of an aggregate of 24,844,725 shares of Common Stock
of the Company (the New Shares) and $1,100,000 (the Cash Payment) (such transactions, collectively,
the Exchange Transaction).

1

(b)The
Exchanged Warrants will be exchanged for the New Shares and the Cash Payment at the Closing (as defined below), and such New Shares will,
until registered for resale, contain customary restrictive legends and other language typical for an issuance of unregistered shares.

(c)Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, in the event that the issuance of any New Share(s) would otherwise cause the Holder to exceed any
beneficial ownership limitations (Beneficial Ownership Limitation) set forth in the Exchanged Warrants (or, if applicable
and at the Holders election, 9.99%), the Company shall only issue such number of New Shares to the Holder that would not cause
the Holder to exceed the maximum number of Warrant Shares (as defined in the applicable Exchanged Warrant) permitted thereunder, as directed
by the Holder, with the balance to be issued as pre-funded warrants.

Section 1.2Closing
Date. The closing of the Exchange Transaction (the Closing) shall occur
substantially concurrently with the date of the Stockholder Approval; provided, however, that this Agreement is subject to the receipt
by the Company of the approval of the Companys stockholders for a transaction (or a series thereof), whereby Mr. David Lazar
or any of his Affiliates or any bona fide transferees thereof acquires for an investment of no less than $3.1 million, shares of Common
Stock of the Company, or any other securities of the Company which may (and for avoidance of doubt even if subject to third party approvals
or other contingencies) be exercisable or convertible to shares of Common Stock or voting power of the equity of the Company (a "Lazar
Investment). At the Closing:

(a)The
Company shall pay to Holder the Cash Price in immediately available funds by wire transfer to the account specified in the instructions
provided by the Holder to the Company on or prior to the Closing Date;

(b)The
Company shall issue to the Holder, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the New Shares; and

(c)Holder
shall surrender the Exchanged Warrants to the Company, together with all documentation reasonably necessary to transfer to the Company
all right, title and interest in and to the Exchanged Warrants.

Section 1.3Consent
and Waiver. Holder hereby (i) consents to the issuance of all securities to David Lazar
and/or his affiliates pursuant to the Lazar Investment contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and David
Lazar to be entered concurrently with this Agreement and such issuance of shares of Common Stock and Common Stock Equivalents shall be
deemed an Exempt Issuance under the Exercise and Reload Agreement, and (ii) waives the Companys obligation to
file a registration statement with respect to the registration of the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the
Exchanged Warrants and (iii) waives the obligation to obtain stockholder approval of the New Warrant Shares upon exercise of the
Exchanged Warrants if the New Shares are issued hereunder at Closing in exchange for the Exchanged Warrants.

2

Section 1.4Registration
Obligations. On or before the 75th calendar day following the Closing Date
(the Filing Date), the Company shall file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form
if the Company is not then S-3 eligible) providing for the registration of the resale of the New Shares by the holders of the New
Shares (the Resale Registration Statement). The Company shall use best efforts to cause the Resale Registration
Statement to become effective within 110 calendar days following the Closing Date (or, in the event of a full review
by the Commission, the 125th calendar day following the Closing Date) (the Effectiveness Date) and to keep the
Resale Registration Statement effective at all times until no Holder owns New Shares. In the event that the Resale Registration
Statement is not (i) filed by the Filing Date or (ii) declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date,
then, in addition to any other rights the holders of New Shares may have hereunder or under applicable law, on the Filing Date or
the Effectiveness Date (each such date being referred to herein as an Event Date) and on each monthly
anniversary of such Event Date (if the Resale Registration Statement shall not have been filed or declared effective by the
applicable Event Date) until the Resale Registration Statement is filed or declared effective, the Company shall pay to each holder
of New Shares an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 1.0% multiplied by the
aggregate market value of the New Shares held by each holder of the New Shares. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated
damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a
rate of 15% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the holders of the New
Shares, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are
paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a
month prior to the Resale Registration Statement being filed or declared effective, as the case may be. If: (i) the Resale
Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to its Filing Date, or (ii) the Company fails to file with the Commission a
request for acceleration of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the
Securities Act, within five Trading Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by
the Commission that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review, or
(iii) prior to the effective date of a Registration Statement, the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and
otherwise respond in writing to comments made by the Commission in respect of such Registration Statement within ten
(10) calendar days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the Commission that such amendment is required in order for
such Registration Statement to be declared effective, or (iv) a Registration Statement registering for resale all of the
Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date of the Registration Statement (provided
that, if the Registration Statement does not allow for the resale of Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices (i.e., only
allows for fixed price sales), the Company shall have been deemed to have not satisfied this clause) or (v) after the effective
date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all
Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders are otherwise not permitted to utilize the Prospectus
therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of
fifteen (15) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach
being referred to as an Event, and for purposes of clauses (i) and (iv), the date on which such Event
occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of
clause (iii) the date which such ten (10) calendar day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (v) the date on
which such ten (10) or fifteen (15) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded being referred to as Event
Date), then, in addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event
Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until
the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a
penalty, equal to the product of 1.0% multiplied by the aggregate market value of the New Shares. If the Company fails to pay any
partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay
interest thereon at a rate of 15% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the
Holder, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are
paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a
month prior to the cure of an Event.

Section 1.5Voting
Undertaking. Holder agrees to vote all of its shares in favor of the proposal to issue shares
of Common Stock to David Lazar and/or his Affiliates as required by the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market at any
duly called meeting of the Companys stockholders.

ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF HOLDER

To induce the Company
to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, Holder hereby represents and warrants to the Company as of the date hereof
as follows:

Section 2.1Existence.
Holder has been duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation.

3

Section 2.2Authority
and Capacity; No Conflicts. Holder has all requisite power, authority and capacity to
enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and all action required to be taken for the due and proper
authorization, execution and delivery by it of this Agreement and the consummation of the Exchange Transaction has been duly and
validly taken, and the consummation of the Exchange Transaction will not violate any law applicable to Holder or result in a breach
of or default under Holders organizational documents or any agreement to which Holder is a party or by which Holder is
bound.

Section 2.3Binding
Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized and validly executed and delivered by
or on behalf of Holder and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Holder, enforceable in accordance with and subject to its
terms, except to the extent enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other laws affecting enforcement
of creditors rights or by general equitable principles.

Section 2.4Title.
Holder has good and valid title to the Exchanged Warrants, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims, and upon transfer
of the Exchanged Warrants pursuant hereto, good and valid title to the Exchanged Warrants, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances,
equities or claims, will pass to the Company. The Holder has not sold, distributed, pledged or otherwise transferred all or any portion,
or any interest in, the Exchanged Warrants, nor agreed to do so.

Section 2.5Non-Reliance.
Holder (a) is not relying on the Company for any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory advice, (b) has consulted
with its own advisors concerning such matters and (c) has conducted to its satisfaction an independent investigation and verification
of the financial condition, results of operations, assets, liabilities, properties and operations of the Company, (d) in determining
to proceed with the Exchange Transaction, has relied solely on the results of such independent investigation and verification and on the
representations and warranties of the Company in Article III, and (e) acknowledges that the Company is entering into
this Agreement with it in reliance on the acknowledgments, agreements, representations and warranties set forth in this Article II.
The Holder acknowledges that the Company may enter into agreements with other holders of Common Stock purchase warrants of the Company
for the exchange of such warrants for securities of the Company.

Section 2.6No
Approvals or Consents. No consent, approval or authorization of or exemption by, or declaration,
filing or registration with or notice to, any third party or any legislative, executive, judicial, or administrative body, including any
court, tribunal, arbitrator, authority, agency, commission, official or other instrumentality, of the government of the United States
or of any foreign country, any state or any political subdivision of any such government (whether state, provincial, county, city, municipal
or otherwise) is required in connection with the execution and delivery by Holder of this Agreement or the consummation of the Exchange
Transaction except for the Required Approvals (as defined herein).

Section 2.7Accredited
Investor; Legends. Holder represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof it is, and
on each date on which it shall be issued any New Shares it will be, an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and agrees that the New Shares will contain the restrictive legends when issued as
set forth in the Exchange and Reload Agreement, and the New Shares will not be registered under the Securities Act, except as provided
in this Agreement. Also, Holder represents and warrants that it is acquiring the New Shares as principal for its own account and has no
direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of the New Shares
(this representation is not limiting Holders right to sell the New Shares pursuant to an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

To induce Holder
to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Company hereby represents and warrants to Holder as of the date hereof
as follows:

Section 3.1Existence.
The Company is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

4

Section 3.2Authority
and Capacity. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and
delivery of Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized
by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, its board of directors or its stockholders
in connection herewith, other than in connection with the Required Approvals (as defined herein). This Agreement has been duly executed
by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights
generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies
and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

Section 3.3No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision
of the Companys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; or (ii) conflict
with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation
of any liens, claims, security interests, other encumbrances or defects upon any of the properties or assets of the Company in connection
with, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both)
of, any material agreement, credit facility, debt or other material instrument (evidencing Company debt or otherwise) or other material
understanding to which such Company is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; or (iii) subject
to the Required Approvals (as defined herein), conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction,
decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities
laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, except, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect upon the business, prospects, properties,
operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Company, taken as a whole, or in its ability to perform
its obligations under this Agreement.

Section 3.4No
Approvals or Consents. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization
or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental
authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, other than: (i) the
filings required pursuant to this Agreement or the Exercise and Reload Agreement, (ii) application(s) or notice to each applicable
Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the New Shares and the listing of the New Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner
required thereby, (iii) the filing of Form D with the Commission, (iv) the Stockholder Approval; and (v) such filings
as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

ARTICLE IV

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 4.1Disclosure
of Exchange Transaction. The Company shall, on or before 9:30 am New York time, on the
first business day after the date of this Agreement (or on the date of this Agreement, if such Agreement is signed prior to 9:30 am
New York time), furnish or file a Report on Form 8-K or a press release describing all the material terms of the Exchange
Transaction (the Announcement). From and after the Announcement, the Company shall have disclosed all material,
non-public information (if any) provided to Holder by the Company or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents in
connection with the Exchange Transaction. In addition, effective upon the Announcement the Company acknowledges and agrees that any
and all confidentiality or similar obligations with respect to the Exchange Transaction under any agreement, whether written or
oral, between itself or any of its officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and any of Holder or
any of its affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate.

5

Section 4.2Further
Assurances. Each of the parties hereto shall do and perform and execute and deliver, or cause
to be done and performed or executed and delivered, and without further consideration, all further acts and all other agreements, certificates,
book entries, instruments, instructions and documents as may be necessary or as any other party hereto may reasonably request in order
to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the Exchange Transaction.

Section 4.3Notices.

(a)All
notices and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been duly given (i) on the date of delivery, if delivered personally or by e-mail prior to 5:00 p.m., in the place of delivery and
such day is a Business Day; otherwise, the next Business Day, (ii) on the first Business Day following the date of dispatch if delivered
express mail by a recognized overnight courier service or (iii) on the third Business Day following the date of mailing if delivered
by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, to the parties to this Agreement at the address set forth
in the Exercise and Reload Agreement or to such other address either party to this Agreement shall specify by notice given in accordance
with this Section 4.3.

(b)For
the purposes of this Section 4.3, Business Day shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other
day on which commercial banks in New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification,
commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required bylaw to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of such commercial
banks are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Section 4.4Amendments
and Waivers. Other than as amended, consented to or waived herein, all other provisions of
the Exercise and Reload Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Agreement may be amended if, but only if,
such amendment is in writing and is duly executed and delivered by the Company and Holder. Any provision of this Agreement may be waived
by the party entitled to the benefit thereof, but only by a writing signed by such party. No failure or delay by any party in exercising
any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall
be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

Section 4.5Fees
and Expenses. Each party hereto shall pay all of its own fees and expenses (including attorneys
fees) incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Exchange Transaction.

Section 4.6Successors
and Assigns; No Third Party Beneficiaries. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns and to no other person, provided that
neither party may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the consent of
the other party hereto. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced
by, any other person.

Section 4.7Independent
Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The Company acknowledges and agrees
that the obligations of Holder under this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any Other Holder (if any)
under any other agreement related to the Exchange of warrants (such agreements, if any, the Other Warrant
Agreements), and Holder shall not be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any Other Holder
under any such Other Warrant Agreement. Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action taken by Holder pursuant hereto, shall be
deemed to constitute Holder and any Other Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or
create a presumption that Holder and any Other Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such
obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Other Warrant Agreements, if any, and the Company acknowledges
that Holder and the Other Holders are not acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any Other Warrant Agreement.

6

Section 4.8Governing
Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced
in accordance with, and shall be governed by, the laws of the State of New York without reference to, and regardless of, any
applicable choice or conflicts of laws principles to the extent that such principles would direct a matter to another jurisdiction.
Each party to this Agreement agrees that it shall bring any action or proceeding in respect of any claim arising out of or related
to this Agreement exclusively in the courts of the State of New York and the Federal courts of the United States of America located
in the Southern District of New York (the Chosen Courts), and solely in connection with claims arising under
this Agreement (i) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts, (ii) waives any objection to
laying venue in any such action or proceeding in the Chosen Courts, (iii) waives any objection that the Chosen Courts are an
inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any party to this Agreement and (iv) agrees that service of process upon
such party in any such action or proceeding shall be effective if notice is given in accordance with Section 4.3. Each
party to this Agreement irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement.

Section 4.9Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (including any schedules hereto) constitutes the entire
understanding and agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior understandings,
agreements, negotiations and discussions, both written and oral, between the parties hereto and/or their affiliates with respect to
the subject matter hereof.

Section 4.10Severability.
In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstances, is held
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision in
every other respect and of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not be in any way impaired thereby, it being intended
that all of the rights and privileges of the parties shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. To the extent that
any such provision is so held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the parties shall in good faith use commercially reasonable
efforts to find and effect an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such
provision.

Section 4.11Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same the same instrument. Counterparts may be signed by any electronic signature and be delivered via
electronic mail (including pdf) or other electronic transmission method, and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have
been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been signed
by the parties hereto as of the date first above written.

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: /s/ Spiro Rombotis 

Name: Spiro Rombotis 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Investors 

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals
Announces Agreement for the Acquisition of Preferred Stock by David Lazar

Jan 03 2025

David Lazar agrees to invest
$3.1 million in Preferred Stock and becomes Interim CEO

BERKELEY
HEIGHTS, N.J., Jan. 03, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: CYCC, NASDAQ: CYCCP;
"Cyclacel" or the "Company") today announced that the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement
(Agreement) with investor David Lazar (Lazar), pursuant to which he agreed to purchase from the Company
1,000,000 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the C Preferred Stock) and 2,100,000 shares of
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the D Preferred Stock) of Cyclacel at a purchase price of $1.00 per share
for aggregate gross proceeds of $3.1 million, subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement. The proceeds of the transaction
will be used to settle outstanding liabilities of the Company and other general corporate and operating purposes.

Lazar
is purchasing 1,000,000 shares of C Preferred Stock for $1,000,000 at an initial closing to occur on or about January 3, 2025. Each
share of C Preferred Stock is convertible into 2.65 shares of Company common stock. The aggregate number of shares of common stock issuable
upon conversion of the C Preferred Stock is subject to a 5% bene&filig;cial ownership limitation prior to stockholder approval of the
transaction. Subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions and within two business days of the date that the Companys
stockholders approve the issuance of all the shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the C Preferred Stock and D Preferred Stock, as
required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (the Preferred Stock Stockholder Approval),
Lazar will pay an additional $2,100,000 in exchange for 2,100,000 shares of D Preferred Stock at a second closing. Each share of D Preferred
Stock shall be convertible into 110 shares of common stock.

In connection
with the Agreement, the Companys Board of Directors will be reconstituted. Dr. Samuel Barker will continue to serve as Chairman,
and Paul McBarron and Spiro Rombotis will continue as directors. David Natan, a seasoned &filig;nancial executive with biopharmaceutical
industry experience, will join the Board and will chair the audit committee. In addition, Spiro Rombotis stepped down from his position
as Chief Executive O&ffilig;cer of the Company and David Lazar was appointed as interim Chief Executive O&ffilig;cer. Dr. Kenneth
Ferguson, Dr. Christopher Henney, Dr. Brian Schwartz, Dr. Robert Spiegel and Ms. Karin Walker have resigned from
the Board. The Company wishes to express its gratitude to the departing directors for their long and dedicated service and their support
of Cyclacels e&fflig;orts to serve the unmet medical needs of cancer patients.

On
January 2, 2025, the Company also entered into a Warrant Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement) with the
holder (the Holder) of certain existing warrants (the Exchanged Warrants) to purchase an aggregate of
24,844,725 shares of the Companys common stock. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, on the closing date and subject to the
receipt of approval of the Companys stockholders as required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock
Market with respect to the issuance of all of the shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to the Exchange Agreement (the
Warrant Exchange Stockholder Approval), the Company agreed to exchange with the Holder the Exchanged Warrants for an
aggregate of 24,844,725 shares of Common Stock (the New Shares) and $1,100,000 in cash (collectively, the
Exchange). To the extent the Holder would otherwise bene&filig;cially own in excess of any bene&filig;cial ownership
limitation applicable to the Holder after giving e&fflig;ect to the Exchange, the Exchanged Warrants shall be exchanged for a number
of New Shares issuable to the Holder without violating the bene&filig;cial ownership limitation and the remainder of the
Holders Exchanged Warrants shall be issued as pre-funded warrants to purchase the number of shares of Common Stock equal to
the number of shares of Common Stock in excess of the bene&filig;cial ownership limitation. The closing of the Exchange is expected
to take place substantially concurrently with the date on which the Warrant Exchange Stockholder Approval is received, subject to
the receipt by the Company of the Preferred Stock Stockholder Approval. The Company also agreed to register the New Shares for
resale pursuant to certain registration rights set forth in the Exchange Agreement.

1/2

The
Board has directed management to reduce operating costs while strategic alternatives are being explored. There can be no assurance that
the exploration of strategic alternatives will result in any agreement or transaction, or as to the timing of any such agreement or transaction.
Further, there can be no assurance that the Company will receive the Preferred Stock Stockholder Approval or the Warrant Exchange Stockholder
Approval.

The
Company has received a written communication from the Nasdaq Stock Market, and expects to receive formal noti&filig;cation, that, in
response to the Companys request for an extension, the new deadline to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaqs minimum stockholders
equity requirement is February 6, 2025. If the Company fails to regain compliance during the required compliance period, its securities
would be subject to delisting.

About Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Cyclacel
is a clinical-stage, biopharmaceutical company developing innovative cancer medicines based on cell cycle, transcriptional regulation
and mitosis biology. The transcriptional regulation program is evaluating fadraciclib, a CDK2/9 inhibitor, currently in Phase 2 clinical
trials, and the anti-mitotic program plogosertib, a PLK1 inhibitor, currently in Phase 1 clinical trials, in patients with both solid
tumors and hematological malignancies. For additional information, please visit www.cyclacel.com.

Forward-looking Statements

This
news release contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially
di&fflig;erent from historical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements include, among other things, statements related to the receipt of stockholder approvals to issue the shares of common stock
pursuant to the contemplated transactions, the consummation of a second closing pursuant to the Agreement, the Companys exploration
and review of strategic alternatives, its ability to identify and complete a transaction as a result of the strategic review process,
its plans to reduce costs and conserve cash and Cyclacels ability to regain and maintain compliance with Nasdaqs continued
listing requirements. You are urged to consider statements that include the words "may," "will," "would,"
"could," "should," "believes," "estimates," "projects," "potential," "expects,"
"plans," "anticipates," "intends," "continues," "forecast," "designed," "goal,"
or the negative of those words or other comparable words to be uncertain and forward-looking. These risks and uncertainties include the
risk that the Company may not be successful in receiving the stockholder approvals contemplated and may not consummate a second closing
pursuant to the Agreement, the uncertainty of whether the Company is able to regain and maintain compliance with Nasdaqs continued
listing requirements, the uncertainty of pursuing strategic alternatives and consummating one or more strategic transactions on attractive
terms, if at all; the Companys actual reductions in spending as compared to anticipated cost reductions; the Companys costs
of continuing to operate as a public company; and the other risks described more fully in Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals &filig;lings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Risk Factors section of the Companys Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023 and its other documents subsequently &filig;led with or furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. For a further list and description
of the risks and uncertainties the Company faces, please refer to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other periodic
&filig;lings we &filig;le with the Securities and Exchange Commission that are available at www.sec.gov. Such forward-looking
statements are current only as of the date they are made, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Contacts

Company: Paul McBarron, (908)
517-7330, IR@cyclacel.com

Copyright 2025 Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Cyclacel logo and Cyclacel are trademarks
of Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

2/2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>cycc-20250102.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>cycc-20250102_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>cycc-20250102_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Preferred Stock [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>cycc-20250102_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex3-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex3-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex3-2img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex3-2img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 02, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 02, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 0-50626

Entity Registrant Name CYCLACEL
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001130166

Entity Tax Identification Number 91-1707622

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 200
Connell Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1500

Entity Address, City or Town Berkeley
Heights

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07922

City Area Code 908

Local Phone Number 517-7330

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol CYCC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Preferred
Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol CYCCP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cyclacel.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cycc-20250102.xsd 
cycc-20250102_def.xml 
cycc-20250102_lab.xml 
cycc-20250102_pre.xml 
tm251961d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-001087-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>tm251961d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001130166 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001130166 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001130166 

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001130166 
8-K 
2025-01-02 
CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
DE 
0-50626 
91-1707622 
200 Connell Drive 
Suite 1500 
Berkeley Heights 
NJ 
07922 
908 
517-7330 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
CYCC 
NASDAQ 
Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 
CYCCP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>