<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-023733.txt : 20250313
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-023733.hdr.sgml : 20250313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250313164007
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-023733
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250312
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pluri Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001158780
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				980351734
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31392
		FILM NUMBER:		25736435

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MATAM ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY PARK
		STREET 2:		BUILDING NO. 5
		CITY:			HAIFA
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			3508409
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-74-710-7171

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MATAM ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY PARK
		STREET 2:		BUILDING NO. 5
		CITY:			HAIFA
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			3508409

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PLURISTEM THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071228

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PLURISTEM LIFE SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AI SOFTWARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010906
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0234319-8k_pluriinc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000115878000011587802025-03-122025-03-12iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT

TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 13, 2025 (March 12, 2025)

PLURI INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Nevada 001-31392 98-0351734

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

MATAM Advanced Technology Park 

Building No. 5 

Haifa, Israel 3508409

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

011972 74 710 7171

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Shares, par value $0.00001 per share PLUR The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 13, 2025, the Company and Pluri Biotech Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Purchaser), entered into
a Share Purchase Agreement (the Share Purchase Agreement), effective as of March 12, 2025, with Chutzpah Holdings Limited,
a company wholly owned by Mr. Alejandro Weinstein, a director of the Company (Mr. Weinstein or the Investor),
and Plantae Bioscience Ltd., a corporation controlled by the Investor (collectively, the Seller), pursuant to which the
Seller will (i) sell to the Purchaser 400,000 ordinary shares and 175,000 preferred seed-1 shares, representing approximately 71.1% of
the equity of Kokomodo (on a fully diluted basis) (the Purchased Shares), and (ii) transfer, assign and convey in favor
of the Purchaser a convertible loan, pursuant to an assignment and assumption agreement (the Assignment Agreement), reflecting
a principal aggregate amount of $0.5 million (together with the Purchased Shares, the Purchased Interests and such transactions
are referred to as the Kokomodo Transaction).

In
consideration for the sale, transfer and conveyance of the Purchased Interests, the Company will pay the Seller an aggregate purchase
price of $4.5 million, payable in 976,139 common shares of the Company (the Consideration Shares), which as of January 23,
2025, represented 12.14% of the Companys issued and outstanding share capital on a fully diluted basis after the deemed issuance
of the Consideration Shares (but excluding any securities issuable in connection with a Securities Purchase Agreement entered into on
January 23, 2025, between the Company and a Company wholly owned beneficially by the Investor).

The
Share Purchase Agreement contains customary representation and warranties, agreements of the Purchaser and Seller and customary indemnification,
registration rights and obligations of the parties. With respect to Companys indemnity obligations, save for fraud, the Companys
indemnity will be limited to the value of the transaction and may be discharged by issuing additional common shares (the Indemnity
Shares), unless elected by Company to discharge such obligations in cash. In the event of the issuance of any Indemnity Shares,
the Seller will be entitled to piggyback registration rights with respect to such Indemnity Shares. With respect to Sellers indemnity
obligations, save for fraud and a breach of Sellers fundamental representations, the Sellers indemnity obligation will be
limited to 15% of the value of the Kokomodo Transaction, and shall be made by forfeiture of an equivalent number of Consideration Shares,
unless Seller elects (or does not have sufficient shares of Company) to discharge such obligations in cash.

The
Company also agreed to execute leak-out agreements (the Leak-Out Agreement), pursuant to which the Seller agreed to sell,
dispose or otherwise transfer the Consideration Shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market or the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, subject to certain
limitations and restrictions for a period commencing on the date of closing of the Kokomodo Transaction and ending on the earlier of (i)
36 months, (ii) the time when the Seller holder holds less than 10% of the outstanding shares of the Company or (iii) the occurrence of
a breach of the Companys commitment to register the Consideration Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act).

Additionally,
the Share Purchase Agreement provides for a $1,500,000 breakup fee (the Breakup Fee), as a sole remedy (except for
cases of fraud) in the event that the Kokomodo transaction under the Share Purchase Agreement is not consummated by May 23, 2025, as
may be extended under certain terms by additional 90 days, but no later than July 23, 2025, for any reason other than due to certain
defaults, breaches and/or the failure to perform certain undertakings by the Seller, as further described in the Share Purchase
Agreement (provided that a termination notice and cure periods were provided in accordance with its terms thereof). The Breakup Fee
shall be paid as follows: $1,000,000 shall be payable to Seller in consideration for the sale of the most senior class Company
shares held by Seller, reflecting a valuation of $6,000,000; and $500,000 shall be invested in the Company by form of a Simple
Agreement For Future Equity (SAFE), providing a 20% discount of the price per share set in connection with a trigger
event for conversion of the SAFE into equity of Kokomodo and a pre-money valuation cap of $5,500,000 in connection with such
conversion.

1

The
closing of the Kokomodo Transaction is subject to, among other conditions, the completion of customary closing conditions, compliance
with any regulatory and corporate approvals, including receipt of shareholder approval.

The securities issued with
respect to the Kokomodo Transaction are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act and/or Rule 903 of Regulation S promulgated thereunder. The securities have not been registered under the Securities
Act and may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration.

This Current Report on Form
8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any
state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Share Purchase Agreement, Assignment Agreement and Leak-Out Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full
text of the form of Share Purchase Agreement, form of Assignment Agreement and form of Leak-Out Agreement, copies of which are filed as
10.1, 10.2, and 99.1, respectively.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The response to this item
is included in Item 1.01, Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, and is incorporated herein in its entirety.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Form of Share
Purchase Agreement

10.2 Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement

99.1 Form of Leak-Out Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the
Inline XBRL document) 

2

Safe Harbor Statement

This Current Report on Form
8-K contains express or implied forward-looking statements within the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other U.S.
Federal securities laws. For example, the Company is using forward-looking statements when it discusses the expected closing of the Kokomodo
Transaction; that the Kokomodo Transaction will be compliant with any regulatory and corporate approvals, including shareholder approval;
and the potential implications and transactions that may occur in case that the transactions under the Share Purchase Agreement are not
consummated. These forward-looking statements and their implications are based on the current expectations of the management of the Company
only and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described
in the forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described
in the forward-looking statements about the Company: the conditions to the closing of the Kokomodo Transaction, including shareholder
approval, may not be met; changes in technology and market requirements; the Company may encounter delays or obstacles in launching and/or
successfully completing its clinical trials, if necessary; the Companys products may not be approved by regulatory agencies; the
Companys technology may not be validated as it progresses further and its methods may not be accepted by the scientific community;
the Company may be unable to retain or attract key employees whose knowledge is essential to the development of its products; unforeseen
scientific difficulties may develop with the Companys processes; the Companys products may wind up being more expensive
than it anticipates; results in the laboratory may not translate to equally good results in real clinical settings; the Companys
patents may not be sufficient; the Companys products may harm recipients or consumers; changes in legislation with an adverse impact;
inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies, products and applications; and loss of market share and pressure on pricing
resulting from competition, which could cause the actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated
in such forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release any
revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events. For a more detailed description of the risks and uncertainties affecting the Company, reference is made to the Companys
reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

PLURI INC.

Date: March 13, 2025 By: /s/ Liat Zalts 

Name: Liat Zalts

Title: Chief Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023431901ex10-1_pluriinc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Share
Purchase Agreement

This Share Purchase Agreement
(the Agreement) is made and entered into effect as of the 12st day of March, 2025 (the Effective Date),
by and between (i) Pluri Inc., a company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada (the Parent)
and Pluri Biotech Ltd a company organized under the laws of the State of Israel, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Purchaser)
on one hand, and (ii) the sellers prescribed under Schedule A attached hereto (jointly and severally, the Seller)
on the other hand. The Parent, the Purchaser and Seller are referred to collectively herein as the Parties and separately
as a Party.

WHEREAS, the Seller is
the owner of 400,000 Ordinary Shares, par-value NIS 0.01 each, and 175,000 Preferred Seed-1 Shares, par-value NIS 0.01 each, of Kokomodo
Ltd. CR# 516932753, a private company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel (the Company);

WHEREAS, the Company
is engaged in the business of Cocoa cultivation (the Business);

WHEREAS, the Parent and
Chutzpah Holdings Limited, are parties to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 23, 2024 (the Securities
Purchase Agreement), according to which, inter-alia, Chutzpah Holdings Limited purchased securities of the Parent in
an amount of US$6,500,000 (the Financing Amount and Financing Transaction, respectively), and
concurrently with the execution of the Securities Purchase Agreement, have entered into a binding term-sheet, dated January 22, 2025,
contemplating the transactions prescribed herein and thereby (the Term-Sheet); and,

WHEREAS, the Purchaser
wishes to purchase from Seller, and Seller wishes to sell to the Purchaser, the Purchased Interests, in accordance with the terms and
conditions herein prescribed; and,

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual undertakings herein made, and in consideration of the representations, warranties, and covenants herein
contained, intending to be legally bound hereby the Parties agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

In addition to other defined items in
this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

1.1 Affiliate means any Person that, directly
or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms
are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

1.2 Assigned Loan means that certain convertible loan reflecting a principal amount of
US$500,000 made available to the Company by Chutzpah on or about January 2025.

1.3 Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal
legal holiday in the United States, a legal holiday in the State of Israel, or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New
York or the State of Israel are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close; provided, however, that, for calculating
a Business Day, any action to be taken by a party hereunder, a Friday as of and after 1:00 p.m. (Tel Aviv time) shall not be considered
a Business Day.

1.4 Business has the meaning set forth in the first Recital hereof.

1.5 Company Option means any right of a Person to subscribe for any equity interest in
the Company.

1.6 Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.7 Consideration means US$4,500,000, payable in newly issued 976,139 Consideration Shares.

1.8 Consideration Shares means 976,139 shares of the Parents Common Stock.

1.9 Debt shall mean as of the Closing Date and without duplication, all Indebtedness
of the Company, whether or not recognized as such in accordance with IFRS.

1.10 Domain Names means all internet electronic addresses, uniform resource locators and
alphanumeric designations associated therewith and all registrations for any of the foregoing.

1.11 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof.

1.12 Transaction Stock Price means US$ 4.61.

1.13 Entity means any corporation (including any non-profit corporation), general partnership,
limited partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture, estate, trust, company (including any limited liability company or
joint stock company), firm or other enterprise, association, organization or legal entity.

1.14 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.15 Founder means Ms. Tal Govrin.

1.16 Fully Diluted means all issued and outstanding share capital of the Company, all
securities issuable upon the conversion of any existing convertible securities or loans, the exercise of all outstanding warrants, options,
options reserved (whether promised, allocated or unallocated, vested or unvested), and issuance of securities pursuant to any anti-dilution
rights of existing shareholders (if any), excluding the Assigned Loan and excluding Simple Agreements for Future Equity set forth in the
Disclosure Schedule.

1.17 Governmental Body means any: (a) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory,
county, municipality, district or other jurisdiction of any nature; (b) federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other government;
or (c) governmental or quasi-governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental division, department, agency, commission,
instrumentality, official, organization, unit, body or Entity and any court or other tribunal).

1.18 Intellectual Property Rights means any and all of the rights in, arising out of,
or associated with throughout the world in or to:

(i) all United States and foreign patents (including utility models) and applications therefor, including
provisional applications, as well as all reissues, reexaminations, divisions, renewals, extensions, continuations and continuations-in-part
thereof (collectively, Patents);

(ii) all inventions (whether patentable or not), invention disclosures, improvements, trade secrets, proprietary
information, know-how, technology and technical data (Trade Secrets);

2

(iii) all United States and foreign copyrights, copyright registrations and applications therefor and all other
rights corresponding thereto throughout the world; and

(iv) all United States and foreign trademarks, service marks, trade names, Domain Names, logos, brand names
and trade dress, whether registered or unregistered, and all other rights corresponding thereto throughout the world.

1.19 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such
Person for borrowed money; (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments for the payment
of which such Person is responsible or liable; (c) all reimbursement obligations of such Person with respect to letters of credit and
similar instruments; (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale; (e) all obligations of such Person incurred, issued or
assumed as the deferred purchase price of property other than accounts payable incurred and paid on terms customary in the business of
such Person (it being understood that the deferred purchase price in connection with any purchase of property or assets
shall include only that portion of the purchase price which shall be deferred beyond the date on which the purchase is actually consummated);
(f) all obligations secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured
by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed; (g) all obligations
of such Person under forward sales, futures, options, swaps, collars, caps and other similar hedging arrangements (including interest
rate hedging or protection agreements); (h) all obligations of such Person to purchase or otherwise pay for merchandise, materials, supplies,
services or other property, under an arrangement which provides that the entire payment for such merchandise, materials, supplies, services
or other property shall be made regardless of whether delivery of such merchandise, materials, supplies, services or other property is
ever made or tendered; (i) all guaranties by such Person of obligations of others; and (j) all liabilities of such Person under leases
required to be accounted for as capital leases under IFRS.

1.20 Indemnifying Party means, as the case may be pursuant to Section 10,
the Seller or Parent, as applicable.

1.21 IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards.

1.22 ITA means the Israel Tax Authority.

1.23 Liabilities means any and all debts, liabilities, payables, commitments, obligations,
and the costs or expenses related thereto, whether absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, matured or
unmatured, determined or undeterminable, and whether or not accrued or reflected on a balance sheet, including those arising under any
law, contract or proceeding (regardless of whether such liabilities arising under such law, contract or proceeding are required to be
reflected on a balance sheet in accordance with IFRS), whether or not accrued or contingent.

1.24 Liens means all mortgages, liens, pledges, charges, security interests, right of
first refusal, preemptive right, anti-dilution right, call, community property interest or other similar encumbrances of any kind or nature
whatsoever.

1.25 Company Material Adverse Effect means a material and adverse effect on the assets,
properties, financial conditions, operating results related to the Company and/or the Business as currently conducted, excluding any state
of facts, change, effect, condition, development, event or occurrence arising from or related to (i) changes in general economic conditions,
capital market, financial, political or regulatory conditions, (ii) changes affecting the industry and/or market in which the Company
operates generally; (iii) any act of war, sabotage or terrorism, armed hostilities, civil strife, any military action or the escalation
thereof, (iv) changes in applicable laws or accounting rules or principles, (v) the execution and delivery of this Agreement
or the announcement, pendency or consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (vi) any action taken by the Company
and/or the Seller at the Parents and/or Purchasers request or consent or to comply with the express terms of this Agreement
or of the transactions contemplated hereunder or thereunder.

3

1.26 Open Source Code means any software code that is distributed as free software
or open source software or is otherwise distributed publicly in source code form under terms that permit modification and
redistribution of such software. Open Source Code includes without limitation software code that is licensed under the GNU General Public
License, GNU Lesser General Public License, Mozilla License, Common Public License, Apache License, BSD License, Artistic License, or
Sun Community Source License.

1.27 Ordinance means the Israeli Tax Ordinance [New Version] 5721-1961, as amended, and
all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as may be amended from time to time, including, and publications and clarifications
issued by the ITA.

1.28 Paying Agent means ESOP Management and Trust Services Ltd. or such other paying agent
elected by Parent as coordinated with Seller.

1.29 Party and Parties have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph
hereof.

1.30 Person means any individual or Entity.

1.31 Parent Common Stock means the Parents shares of common stock, US$ 0.00001
par-value each.

1.32 Parent Fundamental Reps means the representations and warranties set forth under
Section 5.

1.33 Parent Material Adverse Effect means (i) a material adverse effect on the legality,
validity or enforceability of any of the transactions contemplated herein, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations,
assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole (excluding any
state of facts, change, effect, condition, development, event or occurrence arising from or related to (i) changes in general economic
conditions, capital market, financial, political or regulatory conditions, (ii) changes affecting the industry and/or market in which
the Company operates generally; (iii) any act of war, sabotage or terrorism, armed hostilities, civil strife, any military action
or the escalation thereof, (iv) changes in applicable laws or accounting rules or principles), or (iii) a material adverse effect
on the Parents ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations in connection with the transactions
contemplated herein (excluding the Shareholder Approval).

1.34 Registrable Securities means the Consideration Shares, together with any share capital
issued or issuable, from time to time, upon any reclassification, share combination, share subdivision, share split, share dividend or
similar transaction or event or otherwise as a distribution on, in exchange for or with respect to any of the foregoing, in each case
held at the relevant time by the Seller; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease
to be Registrable Securities upon the earliest to occur of: (i) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Securities shall
have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance
with such Registration Statement by the applicable Holder; (ii) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates
for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Parent and subsequent public distribution
of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (iii) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding;
(iv) such securities may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 or any successor rule promulgated under the Securities Act
(but with no volume or other restrictions or limitations including as to manner or timing of sale); and (v) such securities have been
sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

4

1.35 Shareholder Approval shall have the meaning ascribed to it under the Securities Purchase
Agreement.

1.36 Sanctioned Person means any company, entity, vessel or individual:

(i) listed on a sanctions list;

(ii) located or resident in or incorporated under the laws of a country or territory that is subject to sanctions
(Sanctioned Country or Territory);

(iii) that is, or is part of, the government of a Sanctioned Country or Territory or any political subdivision,
body, agency or instrumentality thereof; or

(iv) owned or controlled by, or acting on behalf of, any of the foregoing; or otherwise a target of sanctions.

1.37 SEC means the Securities Exchange Commission.

1.38 SEC Reports means all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents that
the Parent was or is required to file with the Commission under either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, since becoming subject
to the requirements of the Exchange Act (the foregoing documents (together with any documents filed by the Parent under the Securities
Act or Exchange Act, whether or not required), and in each case including all exhibits and schedules thereto and documents incorporated
by reference therein and including all registration statements and prospectuses filed with the Commission, but excluding any information
for which the Company has received confidential treatment from the Commission.

1.39 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.

1.40 Seller Fundamental Reps means the representations and warranties set forth under
Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.5, 4.6, 4.23, 4.24, 4.25, 4.28, and 4.30.

1.41 Software means any and all computer software, documentation, code and other materials,
including assemblers, applets, compilers, source code, source code listings, object code, algorithms, data (including image and sound
data), manuals, instructions, samples, examples, content, charts, diagrams, design tools and user interfaces, in any form or format, however
fixed.

1.42 Subsidiary means with respect to any Person, any company, partnership and/or any
other form of corporation, more than fifty percent (50%) of the stock of any class or classes of which having by the terms thereof ordinary
voting power to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether or not at the time stock of any class or
classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is owned by such Person
directly or indirectly through one or more subsidiaries of that Person, and (b) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited liability
company or other entity in which that Person directly or indirectly through one or more subsidiaries of the Person has more than a fifty
percent (50%) equity interest.

5

1.43 Third Party Approvals means any notice, approval or consent that are necessary in
order to consummate the transactions set forth herein.

1.44 Third Party Software means any off-the-shelf software and/or any other software licensed
by Company.

1.45 Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

1.46 Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common
Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (or any successors
to any of the foregoing).

1.47 Transfer Agent means Equiniti Trust Company,
LLC, the current transfer agent of the Parent, with a mailing address of 55 Challenger Road,
Floor 2, Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660, and any successor transfer agent of the Parent.

1.48 Valid Tax Certificate means a valid certificate, ruling or any other written instructions
regarding tax withholding, issued by the ITA in the form and substance satisfactory to the Paying Agent, that is applicable to the payments
to be made to any Person pursuant to this Agreement, stating that no withholding, or reduced withholding, of Israeli tax is required with
respect to such payment or providing other instructions regarding such payment or withholding.

2. TRANSACTION

2.1. Purchase
of Interests.

2.1.1.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing (as defined below), the Purchaser shall purchase
from the Seller, and the Seller shall (i) sell to the Purchaser, all of the Purchased Shares, constituting on the Closing Date, the
71.10% of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company, on a Fully Diluted basis excluding the reserved but unpromised
option pool as of the Effective Date (the Purchased Shares), and (ii) transfer, assign and convey in favor of
the Purchaser, the Assigned Loan (together with the Purchased Shares: the Purchased Interests); free and clear
of any Liens and encumbrances.

2.2. Consideration.

2.2.1. In
consideration for the sale, transfer and conveyance of the Purchased Interests and all other transactions contemplated hereto and thereby,
the Parent shall pay the Seller the Consideration, by issuance of the Consideration Shares, which constituted 12.14% of Parents
issued and outstanding share capital on a Fully Diluted basis after the deemed issuance of the Consideration Shares (but excluding any
securities issuable in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement), on the date of the Term Sheet, free of any Liens and encumbrances,
without setoff, adjustments or deductions of any kind other than with respect to the provisions of Section 9, if and as required,
as follows:

2.3. Closing
Consideration.

2.3.1. At
the Closing, 100% of the Consideration Shares shall be issued to the Paying Agent, for the benefit of the Seller, based on the allocation
set forth in Schedule A (the Closing Consideration).

6

3. CLOSING 

3.1. The
Closing.

3.1.1. Closing.
The closing of the transactions contemplated herein and thereby (the Closing) shall be held by electronic
exchange of documents, as soon as practicable, but in any event within three (3) Business Days, after the last of the Conditions
Precedent (as defined in Section 3.4 below) is satisfied or waived (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be
satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of those conditions) on or prior to the Outside Date, or at such
other time and place as the Parties mutually agree upon orally or in writing (the date of the Closing being herein referred to as
the Closing Date).

3.2. Deliveries
and Transactions at the Closing. At the Closing, the following transactions shall occur simultaneously (no transaction shall be deemed
to have been completed or any document delivered until all such transactions have been completed and all required documents delivered):

3.2.1. Share
Transfer Deeds. The Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser Share transfer deeds in favor of the Purchaser substantially in the form
attached hereto as Schedule 3.2.1(a), duly executed by the Seller and covering the transfer of the Sellers Purchased
Shares, together with the Sellers share certificates covering the Seller Purchased Shares under the name of the Seller, or in the
absence of such share certificates, affidavit of loss of share certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule
3.2.1(b).

3.2.2. Assignment
of Assigned Loan. The Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser an Assumption and Assignment Agreement of the Assigned Loan to the Purchaser,
substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule 3.2.2, duly executed by the Seller (the Assignment Agreement).

3.2.3. Board
Resolutions. The Seller shall cause Company to deliver to the Parent copies of duly executed resolutions of the Board of Directors
of the Company substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule 3.2.3.

3.2.4. Shareholders
Resolutions. The Seller shall cause the Company to deliver to the Parent copies of duly executed resolutions of its shareholders by
which, effective as of the Closing, Mr. Yaky Yanay and Ms. Liat Zalts have been appointed as a director in the Company (the New
Directors); substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule 3.2.4.

3.2.5. Share
Certificates and Registration. The Seller shall cause Company to deliver to the Parent a duly executed and valid share certificate
in the name of the Parent reflecting the Sellers Purchased Shares transferred to the Parent at the Closing, substantially in the
form attached hereto as Schedule 3.2.5(a). The Seller shall cause Company to register the transfer of the Sellers
Purchased Shares in the Companys Shareholder Register and shall deliver a copy of the Shareholder Register to the Parent substantially
in the form attached hereto as Schedule 3.2.5(b).

3.2.6. Compliance
Certificate. The Seller shall deliver to the Parent a certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule 3.2.6,
duly executed by a director of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, such certificate confirming the satisfaction as of the Closing
of the Parents Conditions Precedent.

3.2.7. Director
Resignation Letters. The Seller shall deliver to the Parent duly executed resignation letters of Eli Mor and Alexandre Weinstein from
the Companys Board of Directors (substantially in form attached hereto as Schedule 3.2.7), dated as of the Closing
Date.

3.2.8. Listing.
the Parent shall have filed additional listing applications and/or notices of each of the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Tel Aviv Stock
Exchange (the TASE) for the listing of the Consideration Shares issuable to the Seller at the Closing pursuant to
the transactions contemplated herein.

7

3.2.9. Agreements.

3.2.9.1. Seller,
Parent and the Paying Agent shall enter into a paying agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule 3.2.9.1
(the Paying Agent Agreement).

3.2.9.2. Seller
shall have delivered to Parent a Leak-Out Agreement in the form attached hereto as Schedule 3.2.9.2 (the Leak-Out
Agreement).

3.2.9.3. Parent
shall have delivered to the Seller, a standard undertaking in favor of the Israeli Innovation Authority, in a form mutually acceptable
to the Parties, and a waiver by all parties whose options or other rights to acquire securities of Parent are accelerated as a result
of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (whether alone or together with the closing of the Securities Purchase Agreement)
in a form reasonably acceptable to Seller.

3.2.9.4. Seller
shall have delivered to Parent all requisite Third Party Approvals in such form as reasonably satisfactory to Parent.

3.2.10. Pluri
Consents.

3.2.10.1. Parent
shall have secured the Shareholder Approval, as described in Section 3.5.4 below, approval of its Board of Directors for this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby, and any other third-party consents (if any) required for the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby in such form as reasonably satisfactory to Seller.

3.3. Conditions
to Closing by the Parent. The obligations of the Parent to pay the Closing Consideration, is subject to the fulfillment on or before
the Closing of the following conditions precedent (Parent Conditions Precedent), any one or more of which may be
waived in whole or in part by the Parent, in its sole discretion.

3.3.1. Accurate
Representations and Warranties. (i) The representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 below (except for the Seller Fundamental
Reps), shall be true and correct when made (other than those representations and warranties made as of a specified date, which such representations
and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such specified date), in all material respects , and (ii) the
Seller Fundamental Reps (as defined below) shall be true and correct; each as of the Closing Date as though the Closing Date was substituted
for the date set forth in the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement, except for such failures of such
representations and warranties (other than Seller Fundamental Reps, but except for such purpose, the Seller Fundamental Reps prescribed
under Section 4.30 which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing) to be true and correct that do not
have and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

3.3.2. Compliance
with Covenants. The Company and the Seller, as the case may be, shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all
of its covenants, agreements and undertakings as set forth herein.

3.3.3. Qualifications
and Consents. (a) The Company and the Seller, as the case may be in their capacity, shall have obtained all Third Party Approvals,
permits, consents, approvals and authorizations that shall be necessary or required lawfully for the Company and the Seller to consummate
the transaction contemplated by this Agreement (and all of the foregoing shall be effective as of the Closing) including the receipt of
Shareholder Approval, except the required notices specified in Schedule 4.3.2.2(b) with the Israeli Registrar of Companies
(the Registrar) and (b) shall have delivered to the Parent on or prior to the Closing of copies of such permits,
consents, approvals and authorizations specified in Schedule 4.3.2.2(b).

8

3.3.4. No
Action. No action, suit, or proceeding shall be pending or threatened before any court or quasi-judicial or administrative agency
of any state, municipal, or foreign jurisdiction or before any arbitrator wherein an unfavorable injunction, judgment, order, decree,
ruling, or charge would: (i) prevent consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or (ii) cause any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be rescinded following consummation.

3.3.5. Actions
Taken; Delivery of Documents. All the actions to be taken as set forth in Section 3.2 above and under this Section 3.3.5
shall have been completed, and all documents to be delivered by the Company and Seller, as set forth in Section 3.2 above and under
this Section 3.3.5, shall be delivered to the Parent.

3.3.5.1. The
Seller shall have delivered to Parent duly executed copy of the Paying Agent Agreement.

3.3.5.2. Company
shall have delivered to the Parent a copy of the shareholders resolutions evidencing the nomination of the New Director, and the resignation
of all directors nominated on behalf of Seller then existing prior to the Closing.

3.3.6. Absence
of Material Adverse Changes. From the date hereof until the Closing, there will have been no Company Material Adverse Effect.

3.4. For
avoidance of doubt, any Schedule and/or deliverable not concluded on the Effective Date shall be completed by the Parties by the Closing
Date.

3.5. Conditions
to Closing by the Seller. The Sellers obligation at the Closing to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby is subject
to the satisfaction and fulfillment, prior to or at the Closing, of each of the following conditions precedent (Seller Conditions
Precedent, and together with the Parents Conditions Precedent Conditions Precedent) (any
or all of which may be waived, in whole or in part, by the Seller):

3.5.1. Accurate
Representations and Warranties. The Parent Fundamental Reps shall be true and correct; each, when made and as of the Closing Date
as though the Closing Date was substituted for the date set forth in the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5 of
this Agreement (other than those representations and warranties made as of a specified date, which such representations and warranties
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such specified date).

3.5.2. Compliance
with Covenants. The Parent and the Purchaser shall have performed and complied with all of its covenants, agreements, and undertakings
as set forth herein which are to be performed on or prior to the Closing, and, without derogation from the generality of the aforesaid,
the Closing Consideration is paid to the Paying Agent (for the benefit of Seller) at Closing and Parent and/or Purchaser, as applicable,
shall have delivered to Seller duly executed counterparts of the Sellers deliverables and of the documents set forth in Sections
3.2.1, 3.2.2, and 3.2.9.

3.5.3. No
Action. With respect to the Parent and Purchaser, no action, suit, or proceeding shall be pending or threatened before any court or
quasi-judicial or administrative agency of any state, municipal, or foreign jurisdiction or before any arbitrator wherein an unfavorable
injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, or charge would: (i) prevent consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement; (ii) cause any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Amended Articles to be rescinded following consummation;
or (iii) affect adversely the right of the Company to own its material assets or to operate its business as currently conducted or as
currently proposed to be conducted.

3.5.4. Shareholder
Approval. Parent shall have secured the Shareholder Approval in accordance with the terms of Article 4.5 of the Securities Purchase
Agreement by not later than the Outside Date.

9

3.5.5. Issuance
of Consideration Shares. Parent shall have delivered the Seller a copy of an irrevocable instruction to the Transfer Agent to issue
the Consideration Shares under the names of the Paying Agent, in accordance with the terms herein.

3.5.6. Absence
of Material Adverse Changes. From the date hereof until the Closing, there will have been no Parent Material Adverse Effect.

3.5.7. Financing
Transaction. The Financing Transaction shall have been consummated in full and closed.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY AND SELLER

The Seller hereby
represents and warrants to the Parent and Purchaser (jointly) that, except as set forth on the Seller Disclosure Schedule (the Disclosure
Schedule) attached hereto as Schedule 4, whether or not such Schedule is specifically referenced herein
(which the Disclosure Schedule shall be divided into sections corresponding to the provisions hereof, but shall also apply to other Sections
to the extent readily apparent from their context), the statements contained in this Section 4 (except for the Seller Fundamental
Reps, but including the Seller Fundamental Rep prescribed in Section 4.30) will be true and correct (a) in all material respects
as of the Closing Date (except if a specific date is referenced therein, in which case the representation shall be true as of such date)
as though the Closing Date was substituted for the date set forth in the representations and warranties set forth in this Section 4,
and (b) the Seller Fundamental Reps (excluding the Seller Fundamental Rep prescribed in Section 4.30), will be true and correct as
of the Closing Date.

4.1. Organization.
The Company is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Israel and has all requisite corporate power and authority
to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted. The
Articles of Association of the Company, as currently in effect, were provided to the Parent (the Corporate Documents).
Other than the Corporate Documents and except as set forth in Section 4.1 of the Disclosure Schedule, Seller is not party to any
shareholders agreements, investors rights agreements, management rights letters, voting agreements and/or any similar documents regulating
the conduct of shareholders of Company.

4.2. Authorization.
All corporate actions on the part of the Company, the Seller, and of each of their officers, directors and shareholders necessary for
the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Amended Articles, the performance of all obligations of the Company and
the Seller hereunder and thereunder, and the authorization, sale and delivery of the Purchased Interests have been taken or will be taken
prior to the Closing.

4.3. Validity;
No Breach.

4.3.1. This
Agreement, and the documents to be delivered to the Parent at the Closing were duly executed by the Company and the Seller and at the
Closing (assuming the due authorization, execution, and delivery by the Parent and Purchaser, as applicable) shall constitute valid and
legally binding obligations of them, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii)
as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.

10

4.3.2. Non-Contravention
of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required.

4.3.2.1. The
Company is not in violation or default of any provision of its Corporate Documents, or of any contract to which it is a party or by which
it is directly bound, which would cause a Company Material Adverse Effect. The execution and the delivery of this Agreement, as well as
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, will not: (i) violate any law, injunction, court judgment, order,
decree, ruling, or other restriction of any Governmental Body, or competent court to which the Company is subject; (ii) conflict with,
result in a breach of, constitute a default by the Company under, result in the acceleration of, create the right to accelerate, terminate,
modify, cancel, or require any notice, or result in the imposition of, any Lien, pledge, claim, charge, encumbrance or third party rights
of any kind (the Security Interest) upon such assets; or (iii) violate in any material respect any provision of the
Corporate Documents; except as set forth in Section 4.3.2.1 of the Disclosure Schedule.

4.3.2.2. The
Sellers execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby including
the sale of the Purchased Interests will not (A) result in a material breach or violation of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute
a default under, any law, order, rule or regulation to which the Company or any Subsidiary is subject (including, without limitation,
those promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the FDA)
or by any foreign, federal, state or local regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed by the FDA), or by which
any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, (B) conflict with, result in any violation or breach of,
or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any right
of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) (a Company Default Acceleration
Event) of, any agreement, lease, credit facility, debt, note, bond, mortgage, indenture or other instrument (Company
Contract) or obligation or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or
asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected or any instrument of approval granted to it by the Israel Innovation
Authority of the Israeli Ministry of Economy and Industry or any instrument of approval granted to any of them by the Authority for Investment
and Development of Industry and the Economy of the Israeli Ministry of Economy and Industry, or (C) result in a breach or violation of
any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, the Companys articles of association (as the same may be amended
or restated from time to time); except to, with respect to (A) and (B), the extent that such conflict, default, or Company Default Acceleration
Event will not result in a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in material violation,
breach or default under its articles of incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time). The Company nor, to
the knowledge of Seller, any other party is in violation, breach or default of any Company Contract that has resulted in or could reasonably
be expected to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect. Each approval, consent, order, authorization, designation, declaration or
filing by or with any regulatory, administrative or other governmental body necessary in connection with the execution and delivery by
the Company of this Agreement and the performance of the Company of the transactions herein contemplated has been obtained or made and
is in full force and effect.

4.4. Governmental
Consents or Third-Party Consents. The Company does not need to give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any authorization,
consent, qualification, order or approval from any Governmental Body, or any third party, in order to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, except for: (i) the authorizations, consents or approvals as specifically listed in Schedule 4.4(a)
which shall have been secured by the Company prior to or at the Closing, and (ii) the notices and filing with the Registrar, to be filed
after the Closing, as listed in Schedule 4.4(b).

11

4.5. Capitalization
and Title to Shares

4.5.1. Prior
to the Closing, the authorized share capital of the Company consists of 9,825,000 Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 0.01 per share, of which
550,000 Ordinary Shares, are issued and outstanding, and 175,000 Preferred Seed-1 Shares, par value NIS 0.01 per share, of which 175,000
Preferred Seed-1 Shares, are issued and outstanding. Except for as set forth in Schedule 4.5.1 of the Disclosure Schedule,
the Company has never adopted, sponsored or maintained any share option plan or any other plan or agreement providing for equity compensation
to any Person, no Company Option shall be accelerated nor be subject to any amended term in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereunder, and the transactions contemplated hereunder shall not trigger any acceleration of any Company Option, conversion of convertibles
and/or the release of any restricted shares.

4.5.2. Capitalization.
A complete and correct list of all the security holders of the Company (including, for the avoidance of doubt, holders of all of the outstanding
options, warrants, convertible securities and other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire shares of the Company) on the Effective Date,
and in respect of the Seller also immediately prior to the Closing is as set forth in Schedule 4.5.2 attached hereto.
The individuals and entities identified in Schedule 4.5.2 are the holders of record and to Sellers knowledge
beneficially of all of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company, on a Fully-Diluted basis and of all rights thereto, free
and clear of any Security Interest, and to the Sellers knowledge, of any participation rights, restrictions, rights, options to
purchase, proxies, voting trust and other voting agreements, calls or commitments of every kind, and there are no other shares, options,
warrants, convertible securities or other rights (including participation rights) to subscribe for, purchase or acquire any share capital
of the Company from the Company, or from each of the other shareholders of the Company listed therein, all except as set forth in Schedule
4.5.2.

4.5.3. Valid
Issuance. The share capital of the Company outstanding on the date hereof is all duly and validly authorized and issued, fully paid
and non-assessable, was issued free of any participation rights or Security Interest, and was issued in compliance with all applicable
laws.

4.6. Ownership
of Ordinary Shares. The Purchased Shares being purchased by the Parent hereunder, when transferred, sold and delivered in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement for the consideration expressed herein will be duly and validly authorized and issued, fully paid, and
non-assessable, and transferred in compliance with all applicable laws and will be free of any Security Interest, free of any restrictions
on transfer, participation rights other than restrictions under this Agreement, the Articles and any applicable security laws, will have
the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in this Agreement, the Articles and shall be subsequently duly registered in the name
of the Parent in the Companys Shareholder Register.

4.7. Company
Subsidiaries. Company has no Subsidiaries.

4.8. Confidentiality
and Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement. Other than as specified in Schedule 4.8(a), each of the Companys,
employees and consultants, having access to confidential information of the Companys and/or who is engaged by Company in the creation
of Intellectual Property (as defined below), has executed or will have executed prior to the Closing, a Confidentiality, Proprietary Information
and Inventions Agreement substantially in the existing form which Company has been using or that was provided to Parent prior to signing
of this Agreement, and each such agreement shall survive the Closing in full force and effect pursuant to its terms. To the Sellers
knowledge, none of Companys current or former employees or consultants (in its capacity as such), is in breach or violation of
confidentiality undertakings towards Company. Other than as specified in Schedule 4.8(b), all consultants or vendors
of the Company with access to confidential information of the Company are party to a written agreement pertaining to non-disclosure and
non-use of confidential information of the Company. To the knowledge of the Seller, none of the Companys consultants or vendors
are in violation of such agreements. To the Sellers knowledge, no such officer or employee or consultant (in its capacity as such),
is in violation of any prior employee contract, proprietary information agreement or other agreement relating to the right of any such
individual to be employed by, or to contract with, the Company, and, to the Companys knowledge, the continued employment by the
Company employees, will not result in any such violation. The Company has not received any written notice alleging that any such violation
has occurred.

12

4.9. Intellectual
Property.

4.9.1. General.
The Company owns or has the right to use pursuant to written license, sublicense, agreement, or permission, free and clear of any Security
Interest, all Intellectual Property Rights, including party rights and royalties, all Patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names,
mask works, copyrights and all trade secrets and confidential business information (including research and development information), including
know-how, invention, designs, processes, computer programs, algorithms, firmware and technical data, concepts, techniques, methods, systems,
drawings, photographs, models, prototypes, research materials, formulas, development or experimental work, work in progress, cost data,
marketing plans, product plans, business and marketing strategies, financial information, forecasts, personnel information and customer
or supplier lists, and, as to all such items exclusively owned by the Company, all other proprietary rights relating to any of the foregoing
(including, without limitation, associated goodwill and remedies against infringements thereof and rights of protection of an interest
therein under the laws of all jurisdictions), all excluding any software made available on an off-the-shelf or shrink-wrap basis and all
rights and technology embodied therein, as currently used by the Company that is necessary and material for the conduct of its Business
as currently conducted. Except for readily and commercially available off-the-shelf software, no other Intellectual Property of any kind
shall be required by the Company to conduct its Business as currently conducted is owned by a third party or would require a license and/or
the payment of any fee or royalty.

4.9.2. Ownership
of Intellectual Property. All of the Intellectual Property Rights evidenced by or embodied in and/or attached, connected or related
to: (i) the Companys technology, and (ii) any work product created by or for the Company, is owned solely and exclusively by the
Company. The Companys current and former employees and consultants who, either alone or in concert with others, developed, invented,
discovered, derived, programmed or designed the Intellectual Property Rights, have entered into written agreements with the Company, as
developed in the course of their employment by or provision of services to the Company. Schedule 4.9.2(ii) of the Disclosure
Schedule identifies in all material respects each: (a) Patent, trade mark, domain name or registration which has been issued to the Company
with respect to any of the Intellectual Property Right; (b) pending patent or trade mark application or application for registration which
the Company; (c) trade name or unregistered trademark used by Company; and (d) license, agreement, or other permission which the Company
has received from or granted to any third party with respect to any of the Intellectual Property Rights (together with any exceptions),
and (e) all Domain Names. With respect to each item of Intellectual Property required to be identified as set forth in this Section 4.9.2,
other than as limited with respect to Open Source Code which is identified under the Disclosure Schedule, and unless set forth otherwise
in the Disclosure Schedule: (i) the Company possesses all right, title, and interest in and to the item, free and clear of any Security
Interest, license, royalty, or commission; (ii) the item is not subject to any outstanding injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling,
or charge by any competent court or Governmental Body applicable to the Company; (iii) no action, suit, proceeding, hearing, or to the
knowledge of the Company, investigation, charge, complaint, claim, or demand is pending or to the knowledge of the Company is threatened
which challenges the legality, validity, enforceability, use, or ownership of the item; (iv) the Company or the Seller has never agreed
to indemnify any Person for or against any interference, infringement, misappropriation, or other conflict with respect to the item, other
than in the ordinary course or as set forth in Schedule 4.9.2; and (v) the Company, or the Seller has not granted,
and there are no outstanding, options, licenses or agreements of any kind to which Company or Seller is party relating to the Intellectual
Property Rights.

13

4.9.3. No
Infringement. (i) There are no infringement or misappropriation suits pending or filed, or, to Companys knowledge, threatened
against the Company and Company and/or Seller are not presently aware of or have a reason to believe that any such infringement or misappropriation
exist. The Company has no reason to believe that it interfered with, infringed upon, misappropriated, or otherwise come into conflict
with any intellectual property rights of any third party with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights; (ii) the Company has never
received any charge, or written complaint, claim, demand, or notice alleging any such interference, infringement, misappropriation, or
violation (including any claim that the Company must license or refrain from using any intellectual property rights of any third party
with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights) and to the Companys and Sellers knowledge, there is no basis for such
claim; and (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, no third party has interfered with, infringed upon, misappropriated, or otherwise come
into conflict with any Intellectual Property.

4.9.4. Protection
of IP Rights and Trade Secrets. The Company takes such reasonable actions to maintain and protect each item of Intellectual Property
Rights which actions are reasonable and customary in the industry in which the Company operates taking into account the Companys
stage. All the confidential information is being (and has been) continuously maintained in confidence by the Company and the Company has
taken measures reasonable and customary to protect and prevent disclosure of confidential and/or proprietary information to unauthorized
parties taking into account its stage. The Company has complied, in all material respects with the requirements of, and has filed all
material documentation required in dealing with, all patent and trademark offices and any other patent registry agency in which its patent
applications were filed, as instructed by its professional patent counsel; and, to the knowledge of the Company, all patents (if any)
and patent applications are in effect, and Company is not aware of prior art or any other claim which renders the inventions of the Company
referred to in the patents, patent applications and related documentation (if any) invalid in any manner.

4.10. Ownership;
Software.

4.10.1. Except
as set forth in Schedule 4.10.1 of the Disclosure Schedule, no Open Source Code is incorporated into any Software (other
than Third Party Software), and no Software that is Transferred Software (other than Third Party Software) is or was distributed with
or was derived from, Open Source Code.

4.10.2. Company
is not aware that any Person has infringed or is infringing any Intellectual Property Rights of the Company.

4.10.3. Except
as set forth in Schedule 4.10.3(a), none of the Companys Intellectual Property was developed by or for or on
behalf of, or using grants or any other subsidies of, any governmental entity or any university, and no government funding, facilities,
faculty or students of a university, college, other educational institution or research center or funding from third parties was used
in the development of the Companys Intellectual Property (Grants). Schedule 4.10.3(a) sets
forth: (a) the aggregate amount of each Grant; (b) the aggregate outstanding obligations of Company under each Grant with respect to royalties
or other payments; (c) the outstanding amounts to be paid to Company under the Grants by the governmental entity, if any, and (d) the
composition of such obligations or amount by the patent, other Intellectual Property, product or product family to which it relates. Company
is in material compliance with the terms and conditions of each Grant. To the Companys best knowledge, there is no event or other
set of circumstances which would reasonably be expected to lead to the revocation or material modification of any Grant. Except as set
forth in Schedule 4.10.3(b), neither Founder nor to Companys knowledge any current or former employee or consultant,
of the Company, who was involved in, or who contributed to, the creation or development of any of the Companys Intellectual Property,
has performed services for a government, university, college, or other educational institution or research center during a period of time
during which such employee or consultant was also performing services for the Company, and no funding, facilities or personnel of any
Governmental Body, university, college, other educational institution or research center or funding from third parties was used in the
development of the Company Intellectual Property Rights (whether owned by and/or licensed to) in whole or in part.

14

4.10.4. Any
Software (except for off-the-shelf software) owned and developed by Company, is free of any disabling codes or instructions, timer, copy
protection device, clock, counter or other limiting design or routing and any back door, time bomb, Trojan
horse, worm, drop dead device, virus, harmful code, (as such terms are
commonly understood in the software industry) or other software routines, code or hardware components that in each case are designed to
harm, or are capable of performing any of the following functions: (i) permitting unauthorized access, or the unauthorized disablement
or erasure of, or other unauthorized impediment to, such (or parts thereof) or data or other software of users, or otherwise causing them
to be incapable of being used in the full manner contemplated in the applicable documentation or (ii) damaging, or destroying any data
or files without the users consent.

4.11. Regulatory

4.11.1. As
of inception, neither the Company or any of its or their directors, officers or employees, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any agents
or other Persons, while acting for or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary (each, an Associated Person) has
taken any action in violation of (i) the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any rules or regulations thereunder;
(ii) Chapter 9 Part 5 of the Israeli Penal Law, 1977; (iii) the Israeli Prohibition on Money Laundering Law, 2000; or (iv) any other applicable
anticorruption, anti-money laundering and/or anti-bribery laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances, judgments, orders, decrees,
injunctions and writs of any governmental authority of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries (whether by virtue
of jurisdiction or organization or conduct of business) (collectively, the Applicable Anticorruption Laws). None
of the Company, any Company Subsidiary, or any of their respective directors, officers, or employees in their capacity as such are or
have as of inception of Company, been the subject of any allegation, voluntary disclosure, investigation, prosecution, or other enforcement
action related to the Applicable Anticorruption Laws.

4.11.2. As
of inception, none of the Company, any Subsidiary, any of its or their directors, officers, or employees, nor, to the knowledge of the
Company, any Associated Person acting for or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, directly or indirectly, offered, paid, promised
to pay, or authorized a payment, of any money or other thing of value (including any fee, gift, sample, commission payment, discount,
travel expense or entertainment) to any of the following persons for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of such person in
his or her or their official capacity, inducing such person to do or omit to do any act in violation of the lawful duty of such official,
securing any improper advantage, or inducing such person to use his or her or their influence with any Governmental Authority or instrumentality
thereof to affect or to influence any act or decision of such government or instrumentality, in order to assist the Company in obtaining
or retaining business for or with, or directing business to, any Person: (i) any person who is an agent, representative, official, officer,
director, or employee of any Governmental Authority or any department, agency, or instrumentality thereof (including officers, directors
and employees of state-owned, operated or controlled entities) or of a public international organization; (ii) any person acting in an
official capacity for or on behalf of any such Governmental Authority, department, agency, instrumentality, or public international organization;
(iii) any political party or official thereof; (iv) any candidate for political or political party office (such recipients in paragraphs
(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this subsection (c) collectively, Government Officials); or (v) any other individual
or entity while knowing or having reason to believe that all or any portion of such money or thing of value would be offered, given, or
promised, directly or indirectly, to any Government Official or the immediate family member of a Government Official or any individual
whose benefit is in the interests of a Government Official.

15

4.12. Labor.

4.12.1. Schedule
4.12.1 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list as of the date hereof of all current employees
of the Company showing for each the employees name, job title or description, commencement date of employment, salary level (including
base salary, global payment, any bonus, commission, deferred compensation or other remuneration payable (other than any such arrangements
under which payments are at the discretion of the Company), full-time, part-time or hourly status, including each Persons classification
as either exempt or non-exempt from the overtime requirements under applicable Law, social benefits participation, including whether a
managers insurance, pension fund, education fund (keren hishtalmut) is maintained with respect to such employee), their respective contribution
rates and the salary basis for such contributions, whether such Person, is subject to Section 14 Arrangement under the Israeli Severance
Pay Law - 1963 (Section 14 Arrangement) (and, to the extent such employee is subject to the Section 14 Arrangement,
an indication of whether such arrangement has been applied to such person from the commencement date of their employment and on the basis
of their entire salary), accrued and unused vacation days and prior notice of termination requirements.

4.12.2. Except
as set forth on Schedule 4.12.2 of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company is not a party to or bound by any employment
contract, deferred compensation arrangement, bonus plan, incentive plan, profit sharing plan, retirement agreement or other employee compensation
plan or agreement. No employee of the Company has been granted the right to continued employment with the Company or to any compensation
following termination of employment with the Company, subject to the applicable prior notice of termination. No employees of the Company
are represented by any labor union, or subject to any collective bargaining agreement or extension order, except for certain provisions
from collective bargaining agreements incorporated into Israeli Labor Law by an extension order ( )
that generally apply to all employees in Israel nor, to the Companys knowledge, are there any union organization activities pending
or threatened by the Companys employees. There is no pending or, to the Companys best knowledge, threatened labor dispute
involving the Company and any of its employees.

4.12.3. The
Company has complied in all material respects with all Israeli labor and social securities Laws, procedures and agreements, relating to
employment, terms and conditions of employment and all individual or collective labor agreements and internal regulations, including without
limitation, those relating to wages, hours, vacations and working conditions for its employees, equal opportunity, employment discrimination,
disability, civil rights, fair labor standards, occupational safety and health, workers compensation, immigration, and provisions
under the Prior Notice to the Employee Law, 2002, the Notice to Employee (Terms of Employment) Law, 2002, the Prevention of Sexual Harassment
Law, 1998, the Hours of Work and Rest Law, 1951, the Annual Leave Law, 1951, the Employment by Human Resource Contractors Law, 1996, the
Advance Notice for Dismissal and Resignation Law, 2001, the Salary Protection Law, 1958, the Law of Increased Enforcement of Labor Laws,
2011, and wrongful discharge, and to the proper withholding and remission to the proper tax and other authorities of all sums required
to be withheld from employees under applicable Laws respecting such withholding. All compensation, social benefit payments and withholding
obligations of the Company to or in respect of its current and former employees for periods prior to the Closing have been timely and
fully withheld and paid by the Company or are properly provided for in the Financial Statements.

4.12.4. The
Company is not aware that any of the Companys current employees, consultants or material service providers intends to terminate
his/her/its employment or consultancy with the Company, nor does the Company have a present intention to terminate the employment or engagement
of any of the foregoing.

16

4.12.5. Other
than as set forth in Schedule 4.12.5 of the Disclosure Schedule, Company has no employment Contract with any officer
or employee or any other consultant or Person, which is not terminable by it without liability, upon thirty (30) days prior notice.

4.12.6. The
Company does not engage any personnel through manpower agencies. The Company does not employ or engage through a third party with employees
whom the Israeli Law for Employment of Foreign Employees, 1991 applies to.

4.12.7. No
employment or consulting contract contains any provisions triggering any payments which may reasonably be triggered pursuant to the transactions
contemplated hereunder.

4.13. Contractors.
Schedule 4.13 of the Disclosure Schedule lists the particulars (including the name, title and function, effective date
of the agreement and material terms of the agreement (if the agreement is oral) and benefits, including termination notice, current remuneration
and department) of all freelancers with whom the Company has entered into an agreement or engaged the services of, which are currently
in effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.13, all of such independent contractors are a party to a written contract
with the Company. A true and accurate listing of all benefits and terms payable or which the Company is bound to provide (whether now
or in the future) to each independent contractor or in respect of each independent contractor is described in a true, accurate and complete
manner in Schedule 4.13. Each Person who has provided services to the Company and was classified and treated as an
independent contractor, consultant, leased employee, volunteer, or other non-employee service provider was to the Companys knowledge
properly classified and treated as such for all applicable purposes under applicable law and would not reasonably be expected to be reclassified
by any Israeli Governmental Body as an employee of the Company, for any purpose. Other than as set forth in Schedule 4.13
of the Disclosure Schedule, each contract with such Persons contains provisions which state that no employer-employee relations exist
between such consultant or contractor and the Company. No Company contractor and consultant or former Company contractor and consultant
has issued to the Company a written notice of a claim or any other allegation that such contractor and/or consultant was not rightly classified
as an independent contractor.

4.14. Litigation.
There has not been any and there is no action, suit, written claim, proceeding or to the Companys knowledge investigation of any
nature pending or threatened against (i) the Company and/or (ii) the Seller relating to the Purchased Interests (or otherwise in connection
with the Business). There are no judgments, court orders or decrees, fines or penalties heretofore assessed against Seller, affecting
the Purchased Interests under any federal, state or local law.

4.15. Compliance
with Laws and Other Instruments. The Company has conducted its business in all material respects in accordance with all applicable
laws and there is no violation or default with respect to any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, order, writ, injunction, decree or
judgment of any court or Governmental Body, which could have a Company Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys knowledge, there
is no existing law, rule, regulation or order which would prohibit or restrict the Company from, or otherwise cause a Company Material
Adverse Effect on the Company in, conducting the Business in any jurisdiction in which it is now conducted or as currently proposed to
be conducted.

17

4.16. Permits.
To the Companys knowledge, the Company has all franchises, permits, licenses, and any similar authority necessary for the conduct
of the Business as currently conducted, and to the extent pertaining to the Business, constitute as Purchased Assets. The Company is not
in material default under any of such franchises, permits, licenses, or other similar authority.

4.17. Title
to Property and Assets. The Company has good and marketable title to all of its property and assets, free and clear of any Security
Interest. Other than as set forth in Schedule 4.17(a), with respect to the property and assets it leases, each lease
or agreement to which the Company is a party under which it is a lessee of any property, real or personal, is a valid and subsisting
agreement, duly authorized by Companys authorizes signatories, and entered into, without any default of the Company thereunder
and, to the Companys knowledge, without any default thereunder of any other party thereto. No event has occurred and is continuing
which, with due notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default or event of default by the Company under any such lease or
agreement or, to the Companys knowledge, by any other party thereto. The Companys possession of such property has not been
disturbed and no claim has been asserted against the Company adverse to its rights in such leasehold interests. No tangible assets owned
by the Company are provided by the Company to be used by any other Person and except as specified in Schedule 4.17(b),
the Company does not depend upon or require for the Business any tangible assets, facilities or services owned or supplied by any related
party.

4.18. Changes.
Other than as set forth in Schedule 4.18, since December 31, 2024, being the date of the trial balance provided to
Purchaser (the Trial Balance), the operations and business of the Company has been conducted in all respects only
in the ordinary course of business, the Company has not entered into any transaction which was not in the ordinary course of its business
and there has not been: (i) any material change in, or any event or condition that would cause a Company Material Adverse Effect to; (ii)
any damage, destruction or loss, whether or not covered by insurance, to any of the material assets, properties, financial condition,
operating results, or business of the Company (as such business is presently conducted); (iii) any waiver or compromise by the Company
of a valuable right or of a material debt owed to it; (iv) any satisfaction or discharge of any Security Interest by the Company, in each
case except in the ordinary course of business; (v) any change or amendment to a material contract or arrangement by which the Company
or any of its assets or properties are bound or subject; (vi) any material change in any compensation arrangement or agreement with any
key employee, officer, director or shareholder of the Company; (vii) any sale, assignment or transfer of any patents, trademarks, copyrights,
trade secrets or other intangible assets of the Company; (viii) any resignation or termination of employment of any officer or key employee
of the Company; (ix) any receipt of a notice that there has been a loss of, or material order cancellation by, any material customer of
the Company; (x) any mortgage, pledge, transfer of a Security Interest in, or lien, created by the Company, with respect to any of its
material properties or assets, except liens for taxes not yet due or payable or in the ordinary course of business; (xi) any loans or
guarantees made by the Company to or for the benefit of any of its employees, officers or directors, or any members of their immediate
families, other than travel advances and other advances made in the ordinary course of its business; (xii) any change in the accounting
methods or accounting principles or practices employed by the Company; (xiii) any declaration, setting aside or payment or other distribution
in respect of any of the Companys share capital, or any direct or indirect redemption, purchase or other acquisition of any of
such share capital; and (xiv) any arrangement or commitment by the Company to do any of the things described in this Section. Except as
set forth in the Trial Balance and Schedule 4.18, as of the Effective Date, the aggregate Liabilities, Indebtedness and/or
Debts (excluding salaries of employee salaries and consultant fees in the ordinary course, the payment date of which has not yet become
due on the Effective Date) of the Company do not exceed $ 15,000.

18

4.19. Tax
Matters. The Company has timely filed all tax returns and tax reports (including information returns and reports) to the extent required
by applicable law and all such tax returns and reports have been true, correct and complete in all material respects and have been made
and filed in compliance with applicable law. Any and all taxes and other charges due from the Company by any federal, state, local or
foreign tax authorities (including, without limitation, those due in respect of the properties, income, franchises, licenses, sales or
payrolls) have been timely paid or property reserved in the Companys books of account. The Company has not made any elections pursuant
to the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance [New Version], 1961 (other than elections that relate solely to method of accounting, depreciation
or amortization). Other than as set forth in Schedule 4.19(i) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company has withheld
and paid all taxes and other charges required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee,
creditor, independent contractor, shareholder, member or other third party and have paid the same to the proper tax-receiving officers
or authorized depositories. The Company never had any tax deficiency proposed or assessed against it and has not executed any waiver of
any statute of limitations on the assessment or collection of any tax or governmental charge. The Company has not incurred any taxes,
assessments or governmental charges other than in the ordinary course of business and the Company has made adequate provisions on its
books of account for all taxes, assessments and governmental charges with respect to its business, properties and operations for such
period. Companys accounts and notes receivable are properly booked. Furthermore, to the knowledge of the Company, other than as
set forth in Schedule 4.19(ii) of the Disclosure Schedule, no state of facts exists or has existed which would constitute
grounds for the assessment of any tax liability with respect to the periods which have not been audited. The Company is duly registered
for purposes of Israeli value added tax and have complied in all material respects with all requirements concerning value added taxes.
No tax return of the Company is or has ever been under audit or examination by any tax authority, and no notice, written or otherwise,
of such an audit or examination has been received by the Company. There is no deficiency, refund litigation, proposed adjustment or matter
in controversy, or, to the Sellers knowledge, threatened, with respect to any material amount of taxes due and owing by the Company.
Each deficiency resulting from any completed audit or examination relating to taxes by any tax authority has been timely paid or is being
contested in good faith and has been reserved on the books of the Company.

4.20. Equity
Incentive Plans. Company did not adopt any share option plans and/or any other equity incentive schemes. Company was not committed
to take any of the foregoing actions, except where failure to do so would have resulted in a Company Material Adverse Effect.

4.21. No
Powers of Attorney. There are no outstanding powers of attorney executed on behalf of the Company.

4.22. Brokers.
No agent, broker, investment banker, Person or firm acting in a similar capacity on behalf of or under the authority of the Company is
or will be entitled to any brokerage or finders fees or agents commissions or any similar fee in connection with this Agreement.

4.23. Capacity
of Seller.

For the purposes
of this Section 4.23, the term Seller shall also mean, any beneficial shareholder, director and/or officer of the Seller
(as such).

4.23.1. Neither
(1) the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by the Seller, nor (2) the consummation by the Seller of the transactions
to which Seller is a party, will (with or without notice or lapse of time):

4.23.2. contravene,
conflict with or result in a violation or breach by such Seller of any provisions of any applicable Law to which such Seller is subject
to, or give any Governmental Authority or other Person the right to challenge the transactions contemplated herein and thereby or to exercise
any remedy or obtain any relief under any order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree to which such Seller is bound in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby; or

19

4.23.3. No
consent is required from, any Person (including any Governmental Authority) in connection with (x) the execution, delivery or performance
by such Seller of the Agreement or (y) the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated herein and thereby, other than where
the failure to make filings, give notice or obtain consents will not impair the ability of such Seller to consummate the transactions
contemplated herein and thereby.

4.23.4. The
Seller has the capacity to comply with and perform all of Sellers covenants and obligations under the Agreement.

4.23.5. Seller
has not (A) made a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (B) is not bankrupt or insolvent, (C) suffered the
attachment or other judicial seizure of all or a substantially all of such Sellers assets, (D) admitted in writing such Sellers
inability to pay Sellers debts as they become due, or (E) taken or been the subject of any action that will have an adverse
effect on Sellers ability to comply with or perform any of Sellers covenants or obligations under the Agreement;

4.23.6. To
the Sellers knowledge, it is not subject to any applicable law that may have an adverse effect on each Sellers ability to
comply with or perform any of Sellers covenants or obligations under this Agreement; or

4.24. There
is no proceeding pending, and, to the Sellers knowledge, no Person has threatened to commence any proceeding against either Seller
(in his/her/its capacity as such) that may have an adverse effect on the ability of either Seller to comply with or perform any of either
Sellers covenants or obligations under any of the Agreement.

4.25. Seller
(including any beneficial holder thereof) is not, and has never been, a Sanctioned Person.

4.26. Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, the Seller has not, nor has any
Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Seller, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales, of the securities of the Parent during the period commencing as of the time that the Seller first received a term sheet
(written or oral) from the Parent or any other Person representing the Parent setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated
hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof.

4.27. Non-Interference
with Parents Business. The Seller has reviewed the SEC Reports, is familiar with the Parents and Purchasers business,
has no intention to act to change the Parents and Purchasers business and will not be acting to change the Parents
and Purchasers business without the consent of the Parents board of directors.

4.28. Seller
Status. At the time the Seller was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, a non-US person
as defined in Regulation S (Regulation S) as promulgated under the Securities Act and/or an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act.

4.29. General
Solicitation. The Seller is not purchasing the Consideration Shares as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any
seminar or, to the knowledge of the Seller, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

4.30. Compliance
with Interim Covenants. As of the effective date of the Term Sheet, and until the Closing Date, Seller did not take any action which
is otherwise restricted under Section 6.2.

4.31. Disclosure
of Information The representations and warranties in Section 4 of this Agreement are each accurate, correct, and complete in
all material respects as of the Closing (except that representations that are specifically qualified as to materiality will be true and
correct as so qualified), and neither this Agreement (including any exhibit to this Agreement) nor any documents, certificates or other
items supplied by the Company and the Seller with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby contains any untrue statement of a material
fact or omits to state a material fact (except that representations that are specifically qualified as to materiality will be true and
correct as so qualified) necessary to make the statements herein or therein not misleading. The Parent has the right to rely fully upon
the representations and warranties of the Sellers contained in this Agreement (including, inter alia, any exhibit hereto) or in
any written certificate made or delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof.

20

5. REPRESENTATIONS & WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASER

The Parent hereby represents
and warrants to the Company and the Seller that the statements contained in this Section 55 are true and correct as of the date
of this Agreement and will be true and correct as of the Closing Date, as though the Closing Date was substituted for the date set forth
in the representations and warranties set forth in this Section 55.

5.1. Organization
and Standing. Each of the Parent and each of its subsidiaries has been (i) duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing
(where such concept exists) under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, with power and authority (corporate and other) to own
its properties and conduct its business as currently conducted, and (ii) duly qualified as a foreign corporation for the transaction of
business and is in good standing (where such concept exists) under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases properties
or conducts any business so as to require such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. The certificate of incorporation, articles of association and
by-laws (and other applicable organizational documents) of the Parent and each of its subsidiaries comply with the requirements of applicable
law in its jurisdiction of incorporation and are in full force and effect and except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Parent owns,
directly or through subsidiaries, all of the issued outstanding equity securities of each of its subsidiaries.

5.2. Corporate
Power; Authorization. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Parent and Purchaser; each of the Parent
and Purchaser has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement. This
Agreement is the valid and binding obligation of the Parent and Purchaser enforceable against the Parent and Purchaser in accordance with
its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and
other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the
availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution
provisions may be limited by applicable law.

5.3. Issuance
and Delivery of the Securities. The Consideration Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in compliance with
the provisions of this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and issued in compliance with all applicable
law. The issuance and delivery of the Consideration Shares is not subject to preemptive, co-sale, right of first refusal or
any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Parent or any other Person or any liens or encumbrances (other than as set forth in
this Agreement).

5.4. Registration
Exemption. The offer and issuance by the Company of the Securities is exempt from registration under the Securities Act.

5.5. No
General Solicitation. Neither the Parent, Purchaser, nor any of their Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf, has
engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Consideration Shares.

5.6. Capitalization.
The authorized share capital of the Parent on the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 5.6. As set forth in the
SEC Reports as of the date set forth therein, all of the issued and outstanding Parent shares of Common Stock (the Common Shares)
have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, have been issued in compliance with all applicable
law, and conform to the description of the Common Shares contained in the SEC Reports; and all of the issued shares of each subsidiary
of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and non-assessable are owned directly or indirectly by
the Company, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims, except for such liens or encumbrances described in the SEC
Reports, there are no options, warrants, agreements, contracts or other rights in existence to purchase or acquire from the Company any
shares of the share capital of the Parent; the Common Shares to be issued and sold by the Parent to the Seller hereunder have been duly
and validly authorized and, when issued and delivered against payment therefor as provided herein, will be duly and validly issued and
fully paid and non-assessable and will conform to the description of the ordinary shares contained in the SEC Reports; the issuance of
the Consideration Shares is not subject to any preemptive or similar rights; the description of the Companys share option, RSUs,
share bonus and other share plans or arrangements (the Company Share Plans), and the options and other equity incentive
awards or other rights granted thereunder (collectively, the Parent Options), set forth in the SEC Reports accurately
and fairly presents the information required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements, options and rights; each grant of a
Parent Option (A) was duly authorized no later than the date on which the grant of such Parent Option was by its terms to be effective
by all necessary corporate action, including, as applicable, approval by the board of directors of the Parent (or a duly constituted and
authorized committee thereof) and any required shareholder approval by the necessary number of votes or written consents, and the award
agreement governing such grant (if any) was duly executed and delivered by each party thereto , (B) that was intended to qualify for either
the capital gains track or the employment income track of Section 102 of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance
(New Version), 5721-1961, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, so qualifies as was indicated with respect to each such
Option at the date that such Option was granted, and (C) was made in accordance with the terms of the applicable Company Share Plan and
applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, including all applicable federal and Israeli securities laws.

21

5.7. Non-Contravention
of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. Each of Purchasers and Parents execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (including the issuance and sale of
the Consideration Shares) will not (A) result in a material breach or violation of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a
default under, any law, order, rule or regulation to which the Parent, Purchaser or any subsidiary is subject (including, without limitation,
those promulgated by the FDA or by any foreign, federal, state or local regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed
by the FDA), or by which any property or asset of the Parent, Purchaser or any subsidiary is bound or affected, (B) conflict with, result
in any violation or breach of, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default)
under, or give to others any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both)
(a Pluri Default Acceleration Event) of, any agreement, lease, credit facility, debt, note, bond, mortgage, indenture
or other instrument (Pluri Contract) or obligation or other understanding to which the Parent or any subsidiary is
a party or by which any property or asset of the Parent or any subsidiary is bound or affected or any instrument of approval granted
to it by the Israel Innovation Authority of the Israeli Ministry of Economy and Industry or any instrument of approval granted to any
of them by the Authority for Investment and Development of Industry and the Economy of the Israeli Ministry of Economy and Industry, except
to the extent that such conflict, default, or a Pluri Default Acceleration Event is not reasonably likely to result in a Parent Material
Adverse Effect, or (C) result in a breach or violation of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, the Parents
or Purchasers articles of incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time) or bylaws (as the same may be
amended or restated from time to time). Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, neither the Parent nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation,
breach or default under its articles of incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time), bylaws (as the same
may be amended or restated from time to time) or other equivalent organizational or governing documents. The Parent nor, to its knowledge,
the Purchaser or any other party is in violation, breach or default of any Pluri Contract that has resulted in or could reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except where additional approvals are required, as set forth in Section 3.2.8, 3.5.4,
and 3.2.10.1, each approval, consent, order, authorization, designation, declaration or filing by or with any regulatory, administrative
or other governmental body necessary in connection with the execution and delivery by each of the Purchaser and the Parent of this Agreement
and the respective performance of the Parent or Purchaser of the transactions herein contemplated has been obtained or made and is in
full force and effect.

6. PRE-CLOSING AGREEMENTS 

The Parties agree as follows
with respect to the period from the execution of this Agreement and until the Closing:

6.1. General.
Each of the Parties shall use reasonable efforts, take reasonable actions, and preform all actions necessary, proper or advisable, in
order to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

6.2. Company
Interim Conduct. As of the effective date of the Term Sheet and until the Closing or termination of this Agreement (the earlier of),
Seller covenants that it has caused Company, and shall continue to cause Company, without Parents prior written consent (not to
be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), to not take, or allow the performance of any of the following actions:

6.2.1. Making
any expenditure of $5,000 or more (whether in a single or an aggregate of series or reoccurring transactions) excluding salaries and consultant
fees made in the ordinary course and consistent with past practices;

6.2.2. Entering
into any transactions outside the ordinary course of business; and

6.2.3. Entering
into any interested party transaction.

7. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

7.1. Parent
Shareholder Consent. Parents undertaking under Article 4.5 [Shareholder Approval] of the Securities Purchase Agreement is incorporated
by reference herein. For such purpose, prior to mailing the proxy statement concerning, inter-alia, the Shareholder Approval (the
Proxy Statement), Parent shall provide Seller with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such portion
of the Proxy Statement (or any amendment thereof) relating to securing the Shareholder Approval for purposes of this Agreement (the Relevant
Material) and will in good faith consider applicable comments of Seller regarding the Relevant Material.

22

7.2. Legends.

7.2.1. The
Consideration Shares may only be disposed of in compliance with U.S. state and U.S. federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer
of Consideration Shares other than pursuant to an effective Registration Statement (as contemplated by Section 7.3 or otherwise)
or Rule 144, to the Parent or to an Affiliate of a Seller or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 7.2.2, the Parent
may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Parent an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable
to the Parent, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Parent, to the effect that such transfer
does not require registration of such transferred Consideration Shares under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such
transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of the Seller under
this Agreement (for avoidance of doubt, reference in the legends below to the COMPANY shall mean, for the purpose of this
Agreement the PARENT).

7.2.2. The
Seller agrees to the imprinting, so long as required by this Section 7.2, of a legend on the Consideration Shares substantially in
the following form (in addition to any legend required by applicable state securities or blue sky laws):

[NEITHER] THIS SECURITY
[NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR THE COMPANY SHALL HAVE RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT REGISTRATION
OF SUCH SECURITIES [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY] UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS IS NOT REQUIRED.

Each certificate representing
the Consideration Shares, if such securities are being offered to the Seller in reliance upon Regulation S, shall be stamped or otherwise
imprinted with a legend substantially in the following form (in addition to any legend required by applicable state securities or blue
sky laws):

[NEITHER] THIS SECURITY
[NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER SUCH SECURITIES [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF
THIS SECURITY] NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND BASED ON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE
REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S HAVE BEEN SATISFIED, (2) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, IN WHICH CASE THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH
TO THE COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH SECURITIES [OR THE
SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY] MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE MANNER CONTEMPLATED
PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. HEDGING
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

7.2.3. Adjustments
in Share Numbers and Prices. In the event of any share split, subdivision, dividend or distribution payable in Common Shares (or other
securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly Common Shares), combination or
other similar recapitalization or event occurring after the date hereof and prior to the Closing, each reference this Agreement to a number
of Consideration Shares shall be deemed to be amended to appropriately account for such event.

23

7.3. Publicity.
The Parent and the Seller shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby, and neither the Parent nor the Seller shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without
the prior consent of the Parent, with respect to any press release of the Seller, or without the prior consent of the Seller, with respect
to any press release of the Parent, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required
by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication.

7.4. Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. The Seller covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding
with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the Parents securities during the period commencing
with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 7.3. Seller covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Parent pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section7.3, the Parent
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of such transactions.

7.5. Registration
Procedures and Expenses.

7.5.1. Filing.
The Parent shall file within 45 days after the Closing Date, and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be declared effective
as soon as practicable thereafter, a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the Form S-3 Shelf) or, if the Parent is
ineligible to use a Registration Statement on Form S-3, a Shelf Registration on Form S-1 (together with the Form S-3 Shelf, the Shelf),
in each case, covering the resale of the Registrable Securities (determined as of two Business Days prior to such filing) on a delayed
or continuous basis. Such Shelf shall provide for the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to any method or
combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any holder of Registrable Securities (a Holder) named
therein. The Parent shall maintain a Shelf in accordance with the terms hereof, and shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments,
including post-effective amendments, and supplements as may be necessary to keep a Shelf continuously effective, available for use and
in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
(i) have been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to
Rule 144 and the Company remains in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, as determined by the counsel
to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders
(the Effectiveness Period).

7.5.2. Subsequent
Shelf Registration. If any Shelf ceases to be effective under the Securities Act for any reason at any time during the Effectiveness
Period, the Parent shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable cause such Shelf to again
become effective under the Securities Act (including obtaining the prompt withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such
Shelf), and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable amend such Shelf in a manner reasonably
expected to result in the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf or file an additional registration statement
as a Shelf Registration (a Subsequent Shelf Registration) registering the resale of all Registrable Securities (determined
as of two Business Days prior to such filing), and pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available to, and requested
by, any Holder named therein. If a Subsequent Shelf Registration is filed, the Parent shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
(i) cause such Subsequent Shelf Registration to become effective under the Securities Act as promptly as is reasonably practicable after
the filing thereof (it being agreed that the Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be an automatic shelf registration statement (as defined
in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act) if the Parent is a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under
the Securities Act) at the most recent applicable eligibility determination date) and (ii) keep such Subsequent Shelf Registration continuously
effective, available for use and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act during the Effectiveness Period. Upon notification
by the Commission that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is not subject to further review by the Commission, the Company
shall within three Business Days following the date of such notification request acceleration of such Registration Statement (with the
requested effectiveness date to be not more than two Business Days later).

24

7.5.3. The
Parent shall furnish to the Seller with respect to the Consideration Shares registered under any Registration Statement (and to each underwriter,
if any, of such Shares and Warrant Shares) such number of copies of prospectuses and such other documents as the Seller may reasonably
request, in order to facilitate the public sale or other disposition of all or any of the Consideration Shares by the Seller.

7.5.4. The
Parent shall bear all expenses in connection with the procedures in this Section 7.3 and the registration of the Consideration
Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement, other than underwriting discounts, brokerage fees and commissions incurred by the Seller,
if any in connection with the offering of the Consideration Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement.

7.5.5. In
order to enable the Seller to sell the Consideration Shares under Rule 144, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to comply
with the requirements of Rule 144, including use its reasonable best efforts to comply with the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1) with respect
to public information about the Parent and to timely file all reports required to be filed by the Company under the Exchange Act.

7.5.6. The
Parent shall provide the Seller an opportunity to review all disclosures regarding the Seller and any plan of distribution proposed by
them in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no
event shall the Parent be permitted to name any Seller or Affiliate of the Seller as an underwriter without the prior written
consent of such Seller; provided, that if the Commission requires that the Seller be identified as a statutory underwriter in either the
Shelf or the Subsequent Shelf Registration, the Seller will have the option, in its sole and absolute discretion, to either (i) have the
opportunity to withdraw from the Shelf or the Subsequent Shelf Registration, as the case may be, upon its prompt written request to the
Parent or (ii) be included as such in the Shelf or the Subsequent Shelf Registration, as the case may be.

7.5.7. For
avoidance of doubt, the rights conferred upon Seller, as prescribed under Sections 7.2 and 7.3, shall be always subject to the
terms of the Leak-Out Agreement.

7.5.8. Subject
to the provisions of this Section 7.5.8, the Parent will indemnify and hold the Seller and its directors, officers, shareholders,
members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other
Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of
such controlling persons (each, a Seller Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims,
contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys
fees and costs of investigation that any such Seller Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to any untrue or alleged untrue
statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto filed or furnished pursuant to the Parents obligations pursuant to this Section 7.5.8, or any omission or alleged
omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as
the same are caused by or contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing to the Parent by Seller expressly for use
therein, or any violation by the Seller Party of the Securities Act or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the
Seller and relating to action or inaction of the Seller in connection therewith. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any
indemnity made under this Section 7.5.8 shall be subject to the procedures and the respective limitations set forth under Section
10.

25

7.5.9. Subject
to the provisions of this Section 7.5.9, for a period of twelve (12) months of the Closing Date, the Seller will indemnify and hold
the Parent and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally
equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such
Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Pluri Party) harmless from any and
all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Pluri Party may suffer or incur as a result
of or relating to any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary
Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto filed or furnished pursuant to the Parents obligations pursuant to this
Section 7.5.8, or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, to the extent that the same are caused by or contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing
to the Parent by Seller expressly for use therein, or any violation by the Seller Party of the Securities Act or any rule or regulation
promulgated thereunder applicable to the Seller and relating to action or inaction of the Seller in connection therewith. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, any indemnity made under this Section 7.5.9 shall be subject to the procedures and the respective
limitations set forth under Section 10.

8. TERMINATION; OUTSIDE DATE

8.1. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated the other transactions contemplated hereunder may be abandoned, as follows:

8.1.1. at
any time prior to the Outside Date, by mutual written consent of Seller and the Parent;

8.1.2. by
either the Seller or Parent and Purchaser, if a Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall have formally issued a final and non-appealable
order that remains in effect and that permanently restrains, permanently enjoins or otherwise permanently prohibits the consummation of
the transactions contemplated herein; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this 8.1.2
will not be available to any Party whose failure to perform fully its obligation under this Agreement has materially contributed to or
caused such order;

8.1.3. by
Parent and Purchaser, if (i) there has been a breach of the Seller Fundamental Reps, or in case of any Fraud Matters concerning any of
the representation and warranties prescribed under Section 4, which was not cured within seven (7) days from receipt of notice thereof
by Seller (in case such breach can be cured) and/or (ii) failure by Seller to take any action and/or deliver the deliverables set forth
under Section 3.3.5 and/or in the deliverables, undertakings and covenants of Seller constituting Parent Conditions Precedent (including
any instruments referred therein) (iii) the occurrence of a Company Material Adverse Effect not included in the Trial Balance or otherwise
disclosed under the Disclosure Schedule in a readily apparent manner, which constitutes or will more likely than not constitute, a liability
exceeding US$500,000 which is not cured and/or cannot be cured within the earlier of 21 days or the Outside Date, and/or (iv) the failure
of the representations and warranties of the Seller in Section 4 of this Agreement being true and correct in all material respects (except
for the Seller Fundamental Reps which shall be true and correct as of the Closing).

26

8.1.4. by
either Parent and Purchaser or the Seller, if the Closing Date shall not have occurred by 11:59 p.m., local time in Israel, on May 23,
2025 (as shall be extended pursuant to Article 4.5 of the Securities Purchase Agreement in the event that all Closing Conditions, except
for as provided in Section 3.5.4, have been secured and/or waived by the respective Party but in any case at the latest by
July 23, 2025; the Outside Date)); provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this 8.1.4 will not be available to any Party whose breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in
this Agreement has caused, or resulted in, the Closing not occurring prior to the Outside Date (for avoidance of doubt, failure by Parent
to secure the Shareholder Approval despite good faith efforts shall not be deemed as a breach of its undertakings).

8.1.5. by
Seller if there shall have occurred a Parent Material Adverse Effect that cannot be cured within the earlier of (i) twenty-one (21) days
after the occurrence of such Parent Material Adverse Effect and (ii) the Outside Date.

8.2. Effect
of Termination.

8.2.1. To
terminate this Agreement pursuant to 8.1 (other than in the case of termination pursuant to 8.1.1), the terminating Party shall
give written notice to the other Party specifying in reasonable detail the subsection of 8.1 and applicable circumstances pursuant
to which such termination is made, and this Agreement (including the Term Sheet) will become null and void and shall be of no further
force and effect, effective immediately upon such delivery (if such written notice is valid and proper) and there will be no liability
on the part of Parent and Purchaser (or any director, officer, employee, equityholder, Affiliate, agent or other representative of such
party or parties), except that the Confidentiality provisions of the Term Sheet, and Section 8.2 will survive such termination; provided,
however, that each Party will remain liable for its Fraud Matters prior to such termination and any aggrieved Party will be entitled
to all rights and remedies available under applicable Law or in equity with respect to such Fraudulent Matter.

8.3. Remedies
for Termination.

8.3.1. In
case of termination of this Agreement for any reason other than termination by Parent and Purchaser (A) under Section 8.1.3(i), or
(B) under Section 8.1.3(ii) by reason of Seller having failed to perform under Section 3.3.2 or Company having failed to perform
under Section 6.2, prior to Closing, and such failure cannot be cured or was not remedied within the earlier of (i) twenty-one (21)
days of written notice or (ii) the Outside Date; the Parent shall (whether directly or via Purchaser), unless otherwise instructed by
the Seller, within 30 days of such termination (a) purchase Company securities of most senior class held by Seller, from the Seller for
a purchase amount of US$1,000,000, based on Company valuation of $6,000,000 (excluding the transactions contemplated in the following
subsection (b)), pursuant to a subscription agreement in the form to be mutually agreed upon by the Parties and based substantially on
the NVCA Model SPA with appropriate changes to reflect the Companys jurisdiction of incorporation, and (b) invest (subject to Seller
causing the Company to enter into such agreement and perform its obligations thereof) in the Company US$500,000 under a Simple Agreement
for Future Equity, in the form attached hereto (Discount, pre-money Valuation Cap of US$5,500,000), with a 20% discount, without modifications
in the form, except for as required to provide for the Valuation Cap, and to fill in blanks and bracketed terms (it being agreed that
the governing law of the SAFE shall be the laws of the State of Israel) (collectively: the Parent Undertakings).

8.3.2. Except
in case of Fraud Matters, the Parent Undertakings shall be the sole remedy of the Parties in case of and in connection with any termination
of this Agreement.

27

9. PAYMENT MECHANICS AND WITHHOLDING

Anything to the contrary
notwithstanding:

9.1. At
the Closing, Parent shall deposit or cause the deposit by the Paying Agent, of the Closing Consideration.

9.2. The
Closing Consideration shall be released by the Paying Agent, according to the Paying Agent Agreement and this Agreement (as applicable).

9.3. Right
to Withhold. Each of Parent, Purchaser and/or the Paying Agent (each a Payer) shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from any consideration deliverable pursuant to this Agreement, such amounts as Parent, or applicable Payer, as the case may be,
is required to withhold under the Israeli Income Tax Regulations (withholding from payments for services or assets) 5737-1977 (the ITR),
with respect to the making of such payment unless the Seller have provided the Payer with a Valid Tax Certificate from the ITA at least
three (3) days prior to the proposed date of such payment. To the extent that such amounts are so withheld by Parent or applicable Payer,
as the case may be, and timely and properly remitted to the applicable Governmental Body in accordance with the ITR and no due to a fault
by act or omission of the applicable Payer (i) such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been
paid to the Person to whom or to which such amounts would otherwise have been paid, and (ii) Parent, Purchaser the Paying Agent or the
Company, as applicable, shall promptly provide to the Person from which such amounts were withheld written confirmation of the amount
so withheld.

9.4. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Paying Agent shall provide the Parent prior to the Closing Date with an undertaking as required under Section 6.2.4.3(c)
of the Income Tax Circular 19/2018 (Transaction for Sale of Rights in a Corporation), with respect to Israeli Tax, any consideration payable
or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid to and retained by the Paying Agent for the benefit of the Seller for
a period of 180 days from Closing or an earlier date required in writing by such Seller or by the ITA (the Withholding Drop
Date) as may be extended by applicable Seller by additional ninety (90) days, by providing the Parent and Paying Agent with
a notice in writing no later than (3) Business days prior to the Withholding Drop Date (during which time the Paying Agent shall not withhold
any Israeli tax on such consideration, except if otherwise required by applicable law or pursuant to a demand from the ITA), and during
which time each Seller may obtain a Valid Tax Certificate. In the event that no later than three (3) Business Days before the Withholding
Drop Date, a Seller submits to the Parent and the Payer a Valid Tax Certificate, then the deduction and withholding of any Israeli taxes
shall be made only in accordance with the provisions of such Valid Tax Certificate. Until such Seller, or anyone on its behalf, presents
to the Payer, a Valid Tax Certificate, or evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Parent and the Payer, that the full applicable tax amount
with respect to such Seller is paid or withheld, the certificates of the Consideration shall be issued in the name of the Paying Agent,
to be held in trust for the Seller and delivered to the Seller in compliance with the withholding requirements under this Section (during
which time the Payer shall not withhold any Israeli Tax from such consideration). If any Seller (A) does not provide the Payer with a
Valid Tax Certificate (or provides a Valid Tax Certificate determining the percentage of withholding to be made is higher than 0%), no
later than three Business Days before the Withholding Drop Date and further does not remit to the Paying Agent, such cash amount which
Paying Agent believes to be required to be withheld in connection with the Consideration Shares of such Seller (the Relief Amount),
or (B) submits a written request with the Payer to release such Sellers portion of the Consideration Shares prior to the Withholding
Drop Date and fails to submit a Valid Tax Certificate (or provides a Valid Tax Certificate determining the percentage of withholding to
be made is higher than 0%) to the Payer at or before such time and without Seller promptly making the Relief Amount to the Paying Agent,
then the entire Consideration Shares of such Seller shall be transferred back to the Parent by Paying Agent and the applicable Seller
hereby irrevocably waive any claim or demand toward the Purchaser, the Parent or the Paying Agent in connection with the foregoing. The
amount of the Relief Amount shall be remitted by the Paying Agent to the ITA. Such amount shall be calculated according to the applicable
withholding rate as reasonably determined by Paying Agent which amount shall be calculated by Paying Agent in NIS based on a US$:NIS exchange
rate at the relevant time as close as reasonably possible to the date the payment is actually made. If applicable, the applicable Payer
shall furnish the Seller with documents evidencing such Tax withholding and remittance to the ITA. It is hereby clarified that the value
of the Consideration Shares for tax purposes shall be based on the value of such shares as of the Closing Date.

28

9.5. In
the event that the Paying Agent receives a demand from the ITA to withhold any amount out of the Consideration Shares payable to Seller
and transfer it to the ITA prior to the Withholding Drop Date, the Paying Agent shall notify such Seller of such matter promptly after
receipt of such demand, and provide such Seller with reasonable time to attempt to delay such requirement or extend the period for complying
with such requirement as evidenced by a written certificate, ruling or confirmation from the ITA. In any of the foregoing events, the
provisions of subsection (B) shall apply, mutatis-mutandis.

10. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; INDEMNIFICATION; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

10.1. Survival.

10.1.1. Survival
of Seller Reps. The representations, warranties and covenants of Seller contained in this Agreement, or officers certificate
delivered pursuant to this Agreement, shall survive the Closing Date for a period of 18 months following the Closing Date; provided,
however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Seller Fundamental Representations shall survive until the expiration of the statute
of limitation thereof (collectively, the Parent Claims Period). For the avoidance of doubt, save for Fraud Matters
(as defined below; whereby in such case the Parent Claims Period shall be until the lapse of applicable statute of limitations solely
with respect to the Person who acted in such Fraud Matters and in case the Seller made such Fraud Matters to the Parent), no claim shall
be brought after the lapse of the applicable Parent Claims Period; provided, further, that if, at any time prior to the lapse of
the Parent Claims Period, any Parent Indemnified Party (as defined below) delivers a claim for indemnification pursuant to Section 10.4
then the claim asserted in such notice shall survive the expiration date of the applicable representation, warranty or covenant until
such time as such Claim Notice is fully and finally resolved by a final judgment by a competent court. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the foregoing, the limitations set forth in this Subsection 10 shall not apply in the case of claims that a competent
courts final ruling deems to constitute fraud intentional misrepresentation, or intentional breaches (collectively, Fraud
Matters).

10.1.2. Survival
of Parent Reps. The representations, warranties and covenants of Parent contained in Section 55 shall survive until the
expiration of the statute of limitation thereof (collectively, the Seller Claims Period). Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the foregoing, the limitations set forth in this Subsection 10 shall not apply in the case of Fraud Matters.

10.1.3. Sole
Remedy. The indemnification provisions under this Section 10 shall constitute the exclusive remedy of any Parent Indemnified
Party with respect to this Agreement (but excluding any undertaking and/or commitment under the Leak Out Agreement).

10.2. Seller
Indemnification

10.2.1. The
Parent agrees to indemnify and hold Seller and its employees, officers and directors (each, a Seller Indemnified Party
and, collectively, the Seller Indemnified Parties), harmless against all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, deficiencies,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees (hereinafter individually, a Loss and collectively,
Losses) actually paid, sustained, accrued or incurred by any Seller Indemnified Party, or any of them directly as
a result of or in connection with:

10.2.1.1. any
breach of any representation, warranty and/or covenant of the Parent contained in this Agreement, or officers certificate delivered
in connection hereto;

29

10.2.2. Any
Person committing Fraud Matters shall be liable for, and shall indemnify and hold the Seller Indemnified Parties harmless for, any Losses
incurred or sustained by the Seller Indemnified Parties, or any of them directly, as a result of such Fraud Matter committed by such Person,
regardless of when such Fraud Matter was discovered.

10.2.3. Sole
Remedy. The indemnification provisions under this Section 10 shall constitute the exclusive remedy of any Seller Indemnified
Party.

10.2.4. For
avoidance of doubt, any Consideration Share which is to be surrendered by Seller in accordance with this Section 10 shall be deemed as
forfeited.

10.3. Defense
of Third-Party Claims

10.3.1. In
the event of the assertion or commencement by any Person of any claim or judicial action or legal proceeding (whether against the Parent,
Purchaser, Seller, Company or any other Indemnified Person, as applicable)
(each, an Action), with respect to which Company and/or the Seller become obligated to hold harmless,
indemnify, compensate or reimburse any Indemnified Party pursuant to this Section 10, the Indemnifying Party shall have the
right, at its sole discretion and acting reasonably, to assume and conduct the defense of such Action at its own cost. The other Party
has the right to nominate a counsel to participate in the defense of such Action at its own expense (but without derogating from any indemnification
obligations of the Indemnifying Party as herein prescribed).

10.3.2. Indemnified
Party shall give the Indemnifying Party a notice of the commencement of any Action against any Indemnified Party; provided, however, that
any failure on the part of Indemnified to so notify the Indemnifying Party shall not limit any of the obligations of Indemnifying Party
under Section 10 except to the extent the Indemnifying Party shall has been actually and materially prejudiced as a result of
such failure. If the Indemnifying Party do not elect to proceed with the defense of any such Action, the Indemnified may proceed with
the defense of such Action and all expenses relating to the defense of such Action shall be borne and paid exclusively by Indemnifying
Party to the extent that a competent courts final judgement rules against the Indemnified Party.

10.4. Claims
Procedure.

Any claim for indemnification,
compensation or reimbursement (collectively, Indemnification) pursuant to this Section 10 shall be made
as follows:

10.4.1. If
any Indemnified Party has or claims in good faith to have incurred or suffered Losses for which it is or may be entitled to Indemnification
under this Section 10, such Indemnified Party shall deliver a claim notice (Claim Notice) to Seller. Each
Claim Notice shall: (i) state that the Indemnified Party believes in good faith that the Indemnified Party is entitled to Indemnification
under this Section 10; (ii) contain a reasonably detailed description of the facts and circumstances supporting the Indemnified
Partys claim and any reasonable supporting evidence therefor; and (iii) if practicable, contain a non-binding, preliminary, good
faith estimate of the amount to which the Indemnified Party claims to be entitled (the aggregate amount of such estimate, as it may be
modified by the Indemnified Party in good faith from time to time, being referred to as the Claimed Amount).

30

10.4.2. During
the thirty (30) Business Days period commencing upon receipt by Indemnifying Party of a Claim Notice from an Indemnified Party (the Dispute
Period), the Indemnifying Party may deliver to the Indemnified Party, a written response (the Response Notice)
in which Indemnifying Party: (i) agrees that the full Claimed Amount is owed to the Indemnified Party; (ii) agree that part, but not all,
of the Claimed Amount is owed to the Indemnified Party; or (iii) Indicate that no part of the Claimed Amount is owed to the Indemnified
Party. If the Response Notice is delivered in accordance with clause (ii) or (iii) of the preceding sentence, the Response Notice shall
also contain a brief description of the facts and circumstances supporting Indemnifying Party claim that only a portion or no part of
the Claimed Amount is owed to the Indemnified Party, as the case may be (any part of the Claimed Amount that is not agreed to be owed
to the Indemnified Party pursuant to the Indemnified Partys Claim Notice being referred to as the Contested Amount).
If a Response Notice is not received by the Indemnified Party, prior to the expiration of the Dispute Period, then the Indemnifying Party
shall be conclusively deemed to have agreed that no Claimed Amount is owed to the Indemnified Party. For the purpose hereto, a Response
Notice by the Indemnifying Party approving the Claimed Amount shall be deemed as acceptance per the provisions of subsection 10.4.3
below.

10.4.3. If
Indemnifying Party in its Response Notice agrees that the full Claimed Amount is owed to the Indemnified Party, then:

10.4.3.1. in
case of Indemnifying Party being the Seller, Seller shall either (i) immediately surrender such number of Consideration Shares held by
it and which it is entitled to surrender (on a free and clear basis), in such number reflecting the quotient which is (x) the Claimed
Amount, divided by the Transaction Stock Price , and/or (ii) in case that the number of Common Stock then owned surrenderable by Seller
at such time shall be insufficient, the Seller shall, promptly pay Parent, such cash amount reflecting the balance between the Claimed
Amount and the value of the Common Shares so surrendered, or (iii) at Sellers option, pay Parent such cash amount reflecting the
Claimed Amount.

10.4.3.2. in
case of Indemnifying Party being the Parent, then the Parent will, at Parents election, either (i) issue to Seller such number
of Common Stock in such number reflecting the quotient which is (x) the Claimed Amount, divided by (y) Transaction Stock Price or (ii)
pay Seller such cash amount reflecting the Claimed Amount.

10.4.3.3. If
the Indemnifying Party in the Response Notice agree that part, but not all, of the Claimed Amount is owed to the Indemnified Party (the
Agreed Amount), then the respective Indemnifying Party shall act in accordance with the mechanism set forth in Section
10.4.3, which shall apply, mutatis mutandis, with respect to the Agreed Amount.

10.4.4. If
any Response Notice indicates that there is a Contested Amount, or if no Response Notice is received by the Indemnified Party from Indemnifying
Party prior to the expiration of the Dispute Period in accordance with Section 10.4.2, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified
Party may attempt in good faith to resolve the dispute related to the Contested Amount. If the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified
Party resolve such dispute, such resolution shall be binding on the Indemnifying Party, and such Indemnified Party and a settlement agreement
stipulating the amount owed to such Indemnified Party (the Stipulated Amount) shall be signed by such Indemnified
Party, Indemnifying Party, and the Seller and Parent (as applicable). In such event, the Parties shall act in accordance with the mechanism
set forth in Section 10.4.3, which shall apply, mutatis mutandis (and for such purpose the Stipulated Amount shall be deemed
as the Claimed Amount).

10.4.5. In
the event that there is a dispute relating to any Claim Notice or Contested Amount (whether it is a matter between the Indemnified Party,
on the one hand, and the Indemnifying Party on the other hand, or it is a matter that is subject to an Action asserted or commenced by
a third party brought against the Indemnified Party in a litigation or arbitration), an action to resolve such dispute may be brought
in accordance with Subsection 10.

31

10.5. Limits
on Indemnification and Liability

10.5.1. Except
(a) for Fraud Matters in which case the limitations of liability in this paragraph shall not apply, the aggregate liability of Parent
shall not exceed the value of US$4,500,000 and be made in Parent Common Stock based on the Transaction Stock Price, as herein provided,
and, (b) in case of (i) Fraud Matters set forth in this Agreement in which case the limitations of liability in this paragraph shall not
apply, and/or (ii) in connection with a breach of Seller Fundamental Reps in which case Sellers liability shall not exceed US$4,500,000,
the aggregate liability of Seller shall not exceed US$675,000. Except as set forth in Section 10.4.3 (as applied in other provisions
under Section 10), Sellers indemnity undertakings shall be limited solely to the Common Stock held by it. Parent may satisfy its
indemnity obligations either by issuance of Common Stock or by cash pursuant to the mechanism set in Section 10.4.3 (as applied by
other provisions under Section 10).

10.5.2. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, neither Indemnifying Party be liable for any claim for indemnification pursuant
to this Agreement unless and until the aggregate amount of Losses which may be recovered from the Indemnifying Party equals or exceeds
US$25,000, and provided that Indemnifying Party shall only be liable for any individual Loss or group of related Losses in excess of US$5,000.

10.5.3. The
indemnification provisions under this Section 10 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of the Indemnified Parties against the Indemnifying
Party provided, however, that the foregoing clause of this sentence shall not be deemed a waiver by any Party of any right to specific
performance or injunctive relief (provided that no Party shall seek enforcement where the Parent Undertakings requirements were triggered
and fulfilled).

10.5.4. Neither
Party shall be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential loss, such as loss of business opportunities or
loss of goodwill, whether in respect of any misrepresentation, breach of contract (other than willful breaches or Fraud Matters), tort,
statutory duty or otherwise, which arises out of or in connection with this Agreement, its subject matter or any transaction contemplated
hereunder.

10.5.5. The
amount of any Loss for which indemnification is provided shall be net of (i) any amounts recovered by any Indemnified Party (net of any
costs of investigation of the underlying claim and of collection) pursuant to any indemnification by or indemnification agreement with
any Person (other than this Agreement), and (ii) any insurance proceeds (net of any costs of investigation of the underlying claim and
of collection) received as an offset against such Loss (each source of recovery referred to in clauses (i) and (ii), a Collateral
Source). If the amount to be netted hereunder in connection with a Collateral Source from any indemnification payment is received
after payment by the Indemnifying Party of any amount otherwise required to be paid to an Indemnified Party pursuant to this Section 10,
the Indemnified Party shall repay to the Indemnifying Party, promptly after such receipt, any amount that the Indemnifying Party would
not have had to pay pursuant to this Section 10 had such receipt occurred at the time of such payment. Each Indemnified Party shall
take commercially reasonable steps to mitigate any Losses as soon as reasonably practicable after such Indemnified Party becomes aware
of any event which does, or could reasonably be expected to, give rise to any such Losses.

10.6. Paying
Agent Fees.

10.6.1. All
fees of the Paying Agent for performance of its duties under this Agreement and the Paying Agent Agreement shall be borne by the Seller,
up to an amount of US$2,500 plus VAT per annum, and any excess amount shall be borne by Parent.

32

10.7. Piggy-Back
Registration.

10.7.1. If
at any time during the period commencing on the issuance by Parent of Parent Common Stock in favor of a Seller Indemnified Party pursuant
to Parents indemnity obligations hereunder, as set forth in Section 10.4 [Claims Procedure] (the Indemnity Shares),
and ending upon the earlier of the sale of all of the Indemnity Shares or when such Indemnity Shares may be sold without restriction pursuant
to Rule 144, there is not an effective registration statement covering all of the Indemnity Shares and the Parent shall determine to prepare
and file with the SEC a registration statement relating to an offering for its own account or the account of others under the Securities
Act of any of its equity securities, other than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as promulgated under the Securities Act) or their then equivalents
relating to equity securities to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition of any entity or business or equity securities issuable
in connection with the Parents share option or other employee benefit plans, then the Parent shall deliver to each Seller Indemnified
Party who has received Indemnity Shares, a written notice of such determination and, if within fifteen (15) days after the date of the
delivery of such notice, any such Seller Indemnified Party shall so request in writing, the Parent shall include in such registration
statement all or any part of such Indemnity Shares such holder requests to be registered, subject to customary underwriter cutbacks applicable
to all holders of registration rights.

11. MISCELLANEOUS

11.1. Applicable
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Israel without giving
effect to its principles or rules of conflicts of laws. The competent courts of the Tel Aviv district, shall have exclusive jurisdiction
to hear all disputes arising in connection with this Agreement, and no other courts shall have any jurisdiction whatsoever in respect
of such disputes.

11.2. Counterpart
Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which, when taken together, shall be considered one
and the same agreement, and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party,
it being understood that two parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile or
PDF transmission, such signature shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or PDF signature page were an original thereof.

11.3. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement and its exhibits and schedules constitute the full and entire agreement, covenants, promises and understandings
between the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all prior agreements, understandings, promises
and representations made by all or some of the Parties (or by any Party to another), written or oral, concerning the subject matter hereof
and the terms applicable hereto.

11.4. Amendment
& Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended and the non-observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either
generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Seller and the Parent.

11.5. Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable under applicable law, then such provision
shall be excluded from this Agreement and the remainder of this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and
shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms; provided, however, that in such event this Agreement shall be interpreted so as to
give effect, to the greatest extent consistent with and permitted by applicable law, to the meaning and intention of the excluded provision
as determined by such court of competent jurisdiction.

33

11.6. Notice.
All notices or other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given in person, by registered mail
(registered air mail if mailed internationally), by an overnight courier service which obtains a receipt to evidence delivery, by facsimile
transmission (evidenced by written confirmation of transmission) or by e-mail transmission, addressed as set forth below:

Seller: 

Chutzpah Holdings Limited and Plantae
Bioscience Ltd.

Attention:

Tel:

e-mail:

with a copy to (which shall not constitute service
of process):

Naschitz, Brandes, Amir & Co.

5 Tuval St., Tel-Aviv-Yafo 6789717, Israel

Attention: Shai Dill, Adv; Tuvia Geffen, Adv.

Email: sdill@nblaw.com; tgeffen@nblaw.com

Parent / Purchaser: 

Pluri, Inc.; Pluri Biotech Ltd.

Attention:Mrs. Liat Zalts, CFO

Tel: +972-74-710-7237

e-mail: liat.zalts@pluri-biotech.com

with a copy to (which shall not constitute service
of process):

Sullivan & Worcester Tel-Aviv.

28 HaArbaa St. HaArbaa Towers, Northern
Tower

35th Floor, Tel-Aviv, Israel

Attention: Tamir Chagal, Adv.; Oded Har-Even,
Esq.

Email: tchagal@sullivanlaw.co.il; ohareven@sullivanlaw.com

or such other
address as any party may designate to the other in accordance with the aforesaid procedure. All notices and other communications delivered
in person shall be deemed to have been given upon delivery. Notices and other communications delivered e-mail transmission (in either
case with confirmation of receipt), shall be deemed to have been given as of one business day after sending thereof. All notices and other
communications delivered by overnight air courier shall be deemed to have been given as of the third business day after posting; and all
notices and other communications sent by registered mail shall be deemed given ten (10) days after posting.

11.7. Expenses.
Each Party shall bear its own fees and expenses in connection with the negotiations and drafting of this Agreement, and all related documents
and actions.

11.8. Further
Actions. At any time and from time to time, each Party agrees, without further consideration, to take such actions and to execute
and deliver such documents as may be reasonably necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.

[Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank]

[Signature Page to Follow]

34

Signatures page Share Purchase Agreement

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto
have executed this Share Purchase Agreement as of the date first above written.

PARENT: 

Pluri, Inc. 

By: By: 

Name: Name: 

Title: Title: 

Date: Date: 

PURCHASER: 

Pluri Biotech Ltd. 

By: By: 

Name: Name: 

Title: Title: 

Date: Date: 

SELLERS: 

Chutzpah Holdings Limited 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

Plantae Bioscience Ltd. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

35

Schedule
A

LIST
OF SELLERS

Sold Holdings in Kokomodo 

Consideration
Shares

(Common
Stock)*

Name Ordinary Shares Preferred Seed-1 Shares 

Plantae
Bioscience Ltd. 400,000 679,053

Chutzpah Holdings Limited 175,000 297,086

* or such other allocation of the Consideration Shares among
the Seller entities as the Seller shall inform the Parent in writing prior to Closing (provided that such amendment shall not adversely
affect Parent or Purchaser).

36

Schedule
5.7

Authorized
Share Capital

The authorized share capital of the
Parent on the date hereof is 37,500,000.

36
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023431901ex10-2_pluriinc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

ASSIGNMENT
AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

THIS
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (Agreement) is made and entered into effective on _______, 2025 (Effective
Date) by and between [name of assignor] (Assignor) and Pluri Biotech Ltd. (Assignee).
The Assignee and the Assignor are referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

RECITALS

WHEREAS
The Assignor, Assignee and other parties prescribed therein, have entered into that certain Share Purchase Agreement dated _______, 2025
(the Share Purchase Agreement), in connection with Assignors shares in Kokomodo Ltd. (the Company).
Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, the Assignor agrees to sell and issue to the Assignee, and the Assignee agrees to purchase from
the Assignor, all of Company shares held by the Assignor. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Share Purchase Agreement.

WHEREAS,
Assignor and Company are parties to that certain Convertible Promissory Note dated ____, 2025, reflecting a principal amount of US$500,000
(the Note).

WHEREAS,
in order to induce Assignee to enter into and perform its obligations under the Share Purchase Agreement, Assignor has agreed to assign
its rights and obligations under the Note to Assignee, at the Closing.

WHEREAS,
in furtherance of the foregoing, the Assignor desires to assign to the Assignee, and the Assignee desires to assume from the Assignor,
all of Assignors rights, title and interests set forth in, arising under, or created by the Note, on the terms and subject to conditions
contained in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and the sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree
as follows:

1. Assignment
and Assumption. Subject to and upon the Closing, Assignor hereby automatically assigns and transfers to Assignee, without any further
actions required by Assignor or the Company, all of Assignors rights, obligations and interests in, to and under, the Note, and
Assignee hereby accepts such assignment as if the Assignee had been the original party to the Note. The foregoing assignment and assumption
shall be effective as of the Closing.

2. Successors.
This Agreement will apply to, and be binding in all respects upon, and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Parties.

3. Further
Assurances. From time to time hereafter, and without further consideration, Assignor and Assignee covenant and agree that each of
Assignor and Assignee shall execute and deliver, or shall cause to be executed and delivered, such further assignments, instruments of
transfer and other instruments and papers and take such additional action as the governmental authority may request to effect, consummate,
confirm, or evidence the intentions and purposes of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

4.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the Laws of the State of Israel without regard to conflicts
of law principles. The competent courts of Tel-Aviv, Israel, shall have exclusive jurisdiction thereof.

5.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts and may be delivered by electronic PDF or facsimile transmission,
all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and each of which shall be deemed an original.

[Signature page follows
this page.]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties have executed and delivered this Assignment and Assumption Agreement as of the Effective Date.

ASSIGNOR: [NAME] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ASSIGNEE: Pluri Biotech Ltd.

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023431901ex99-1_pluriinc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LEAK-OUT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

LEAK OUT AGREEMENT

This Leak Out Agreement (the
Leak-Out Agreement or the Agreement) is made and entered into as of _______, 2025, between Pluri,
Inc., a Nevada corporation whose address is ________________ (the Company), and [*], whose address is [*] (the Holder).
Each of the Company and the Holder referred to as a party to this Agreement, and collectively, the parties.

Reference is hereby made to
that certain Share Purchase Agreement, dated __________, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the
Holder acquired [__] Common Shares (the Consideration Shares). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the
meaning as set forth in the Purchase Agreement, unless otherwise set forth herein.

The Holder hereby agrees that
during the Leak-Out Period (as defined below), the Holder shall be permitted to sell, dispose or otherwise transfer on Nasdaq or the Tel
Aviv Stock Exchange, directly or indirectly, (including, without limitation, any sales, pledges, short sales, swaps or any derivative
transactions that would be equivalent to any sales or short positions) (collectively, a Transfer) on any Trading
Day during the Leak-Out Period, the Consideration Shares of Holder on the date hereof (collectively, the Restricted Securities),
subject to the following limitations and restrictions:

The Holder shall be permitted
to Transfer a number of Restricted Securities, each month, equal to 15% of the average aggregate monthly trading volume of the Common
Shares on the Trading Market on which such Transfer is made (Nasdaq / the TASE), in the preceding month; provided, however, that such
restriction shall not apply (i) to any transfer of the Paying Agent (or any other Payor) pursuant to Section 9 [Payment Mechanics and
Withholding] of the Purchase Agreement, or (ii) to any private sale of the Restricted Securities not executed on Nasdaq, the TASE or any
applicable other trading market, in accordance with Companys Insider Trading Policy (such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld).
For purposes of this Agreement, the Leak-Out Period is the period commencing on the date of Closing and ending on
the earlier of (i) 36 months after the date hereof, (ii) the time on which the Holder holds less than 10% of the outstanding shares of
the Company and (iii) the occurrence of a Breach Event (as defined below). A Breach Event shall occur if the Company
is not in compliance (save for where such failure to comply does not result from Holders act or omission under the Purchase Agreement
or the Securities Purchase Agreement, as defined below) with any of its obligations pursuant to Section [7.5] of the Purchase Agreement
or Section 4.10 of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 3, 2025, by and between the Company and the Holder (the Securities
Purchase Agreement), which was not cured within ninety (90) days from receipt of notice thereof.

For illustration purposes,
if the Holder purchased a total of 120 Common Shares, the Transfer of such 120 Common Shares, regardless of whether such Common Shares
were issued in connection with the Purchase Agreement, shall be subject to this Agreement until the end of the Leak Out Period; and, after
such Transfer of the 120 Common Shares, the Leak-Out Period shall expire (if not expired earlier as stated above). After the lapse of
the Leak Out Period, the Holder would not have any restriction on the sale of the Consideration Shares under this Agreement.

Holder agrees that it will
not engage in any short selling of the Common Stock during the Leak-Out Period.

The Holder acknowledges and
agrees that as of the date hereof and until the Company complies with its obligations pursuant to pursuant to Section 7.5 [Registration
Procedures and Expenses] of the Purchase Agreement and Section 4.10 of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Consideration Shares
have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any states
securities laws, were acquired pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and may not be transferred, sold or
disposed in the United States, except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act.

The Holder further acknowledges
and agrees that the restrictions set forth in this Agreement shall be in addition to all other restrictions on a Transfer imposed by applicable
Israeli, federal United States and state securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Restricted Securities.

Notwithstanding any other
rights and remedies the Holder shall be entitled to pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company
acknowledges and agrees that the Leak Out Period shall immediately end and the Holder shall have no further obligations under this Agreement
in the event a Breach Event (as defined above) shall have occurred.

Any notices, consents, waivers
or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Leak-Out Agreement shall be made in accordance with
the respective provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

In the event of default hereunder,
the non-defaulting party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys fees incurred in the enforcement of this Agreement.

This Leak-Out Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, letters,
emails, agreements (written or oral) and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof and are fully binding on the parties hereto.

This Leak-Out Agreement may
be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts
shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Leak-Out Agreement may be executed and accepted by facsimile or PDF signature and any
such signature shall be of the same force and effect as an original signature.

The terms of this Leak-Out
Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, estates, personal
representatives, successors and assigns.

This Leak-Out Agreement may not be amended
or modified except in writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

This Leak-Out Agreement shall
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Israel, without regard to conflict of law principles, and the
competent courts of Tel-Aviv, Israel, shall have exclusive jurisdiction thereof.

[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE NEXT PAGE.]

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
this Agreement has been duly executed by or on behalf of the parties to this Agreement as of the date first above written.

Pluri, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

HOLDER:

Name: 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>plur-20250312.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>plur-20250312_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>plur-20250312_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 12, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 12, 2025

Entity File Number 001-31392

Entity Registrant Name PLURI INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001158780

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-0351734

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One MATAM Advanced Technology Park

Entity Address, Address Line Two Building No. 5

Entity Address, City or Town Haifa

Entity Address, Country IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 3508409

City Area Code 011

Local Phone Number 972 74 710 7171

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Shares, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol PLUR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://pluri-biotech.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0234319-8k_pluriinc.htm 
plur-20250312.xsd 
plur-20250312_lab.xml 
plur-20250312_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-023733-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0234319-8k_pluriinc_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001158780 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001158780 
8-K 
2025-03-12 
PLURI INC. 
NV 
001-31392 
98-0351734 
MATAM Advanced Technology Park 
Building No. 5 
Haifa 
IL 
3508409 
011 
972 74 710 7171 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares, par value $0.00001 per share 
PLUR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>