<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-032574.txt : 20250416
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-032574.hdr.sgml : 20250416
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250416160532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-032574
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250414
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250416

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001023994
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-LUMBER & OTHER CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS [5030]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				954463937
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38037
		FILM NUMBER:		25842757

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 MONTAGUE STREET, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 240-4235

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 MONTAGUE STREET, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SG BLOCKS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CDSI HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PC411 INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19961001
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0238475-8k_safe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000102399400010239942025-04-142025-04-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported): April 14, 2025

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS
CORP.

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-38037 95-4463937

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

990 Biscayne
Blvd.

#501, Office
12

Miami,
FL33132

(Address of Principal
Executive Offices, Zip Code)

(Former name or former
address, if changed since last report.)

Registrants telephone
number, including area code: 646-240-4235

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 SGBX The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
April 14, 2025, Safe & Green Holdings Corp. (the Company) consummated the previously announced private placement (the
Private Placement) pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with institutional
investors (the Purchasers) for the purchase and sale of approximately $8 million of shares of the Companys common
stock (the Common Stock) and investor warrants at a price of $0.392 per Common Unit. The entire transaction was priced at
the market under Nasdaq rules. The offering consisted of the sale of Common Units (or Pre-Funded Units), each consisting of (i) one (1)
share of Common Stock or one (1) Pre-Funded Warrant, (ii) one (1) Series A PIPE Common Warrant to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock
per warrant at an exercise price of $0.784 (the Series A Warrant) and (iii) one (1) Series B PIPE Common Warrant to purchase
one (1) share of Common Stock per warrant at an exercise price of $0.98 (the Series B Warrant and together with the Series
A Warrant, the Warrants).

The
initial exercise price of each Series A Warrant is $0.784 per share of Common Stock. The Series A Warrants are exercisable following stockholder
approval and expire five (5) years thereafter. The number of securities issuable under the Series A Warrant is subject to adjustment as
described in more detail in the Series A Warrant. The initial exercise price of each Series B Warrant is $0.98 per share of Common Stock
or pursuant to an alternative cashless exercise option. The Series B Warrants are exercisable following stockholder approval and expire
two and one-half (2.5) years thereafter. The number of securities issuable under the Series B Warrant is subject to adjustment as described
in the Series B Warrant.

Each
Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable for one share of Common Stock for $0.0001 immediately upon issuance until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants
are exercised in full. The number of Pre-Funded Warrant Shares are subject to adjustments for stock splits, recapitalizations, and reorganizations.
The shares of Common Stock, shares underlying the Series A Warrants and shares underlying the Series B Warrants are collectively referred
to as the Securities.

In
connection with the Private Placement, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement with the Purchasers on April 14, 2025
(the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company is required to file a registration statement covering
the resale of the Securities by April 30, 2025.

Pursuant to the terms of the letter of engagement with D. Boral Capital
LLC (the Placement Agent), the Company paid the Placement Agent a placement agent commission equal to 6.0% of the aggregate
gross proceeds from the offering, and an additional 1.0% for non-accountable expenses. In addition, the Company agreed to reimburse the
placement agent for certain of out-of-pocket expenses, including for reasonable legal fees and disbursements for its counsel. Additionally,
pursuant to the Companys letter of engagement with Aegis Capital Corp. (Aegis), the Company has agreed to pay Aegis
a commission equal to 5.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds from the offering.

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties,
indemnification rights, agreements and obligations, conditions to closing and termination provisions. The offering closed on April 14,
2025. The net proceeds to the Company from the Offering were approximately $6.6 million, after deducting placement agent fees and the
payment of other offering expenses associated with the offering that were payable by the Company.

The
foregoing summary of the terms and conditions of each of the Series A Warrant, Series B Warrant, Pre-Funded Warrant, Securities Purchase
Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement,
copies of which are filed as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated
herein by reference.

1

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On
April 14, 2025, the Company issued a press release (the April 14 Press Release) announcing the pricing of the Private Placement.

A
copy of the April 14 Press Release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Form of Series A Warrant

4.2 Form of Series B Warrant 

4.3 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

10.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement

99.1 Pricing Press Release, dated April 14, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

Dated: April 16, 2025 By: /s/ Michael McLaren

Name: Michael McLaren

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023847501ex4-1_safe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SERIES A WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

FORM OF SERIES A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

Warrant Shares: Issuance Date: 

THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE
COMMON STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [] or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Initial Exercise Date and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the sixty (60) month anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Safe & Green Holdings
Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one (1) share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise
Price, as defined in Section 2.2.

1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant or in the Purchase
Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1.

1.1. Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

1.2. Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so
reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

1.3. Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

1.4. Business
Day means a Calendar Day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other Calendar Day which is a federal legal holiday in the
United States or any Calendar Day on which the commercial banks in the City of New York are required by law or other governmental action
to close, provided that the commercial banks in the City of New York shall not be deemed to be required to be closed due to a stay
at home, shelter in place, non-essential employee or similar orders or restrictions or the closure
of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including
for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such Calendar Day.

1.5. Calendar
Day means each and every day of the week (Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday).

1.6. Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.7. Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.01 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

1.8. Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

1.9. Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.10. Exempt
Issuance shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

1.11. Floor
Price means (i) the Exercise Price, or (ii) following Stockholder Approval, $0.0784, a price equal to twenty percent (20%)
of the Nasdaq Minimum Price, as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)(1)(A) immediately prior to the execution of the Purchase Agreement
(which price shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction
following the date of the Purchase Agreement).

1.12. Initial
Exercise Date means the Stockholder Approval Date.

1.13. Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

1.14. Purchase
Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory
thereto.

1.15. Registration
Rights Agreement means that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2025, by and between the Company
and the Holder.

1.16. Registration
Statement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

1.17. Reset
Date(s) means the Trading Day(s) after the end of the Reset Period(s). 

1.18. Reset
Period(s) means the period(s) commencing on two full Trading Days immediately preceding the Reset Period Start Date(s)
and ending on the tenth (10th) Trading Day after the applicable Reset Period Start Date(s).

1.19 Reset Period Start
Date(s) means each of the later of (i) the earlier of (A) the first (1st) Trading Day after the a Registration Statement
is declared effective under the Registration Rights Agreement, provided that, in line with Section 3.3.1 of this Warrant, in the event
less than all of the Registrable Securities as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement are covered by a Registration Statement, then
this this clause (A) will only apply to those Registrable Securities actually registered for resale on such Registration Statement, (B)
the first (1st) Trading Day after the date on which the Holder can sell all Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144 without restriction
or limitation, (ii) the first (1st) Trading Day after the Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) is obtained. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, in the event that not all Registrable Securities are registered on the initial Registration Statement
and Stockholder Approval is obtained, there shall be multiple Reset Dates provided that such Reset Date shall only apply to those Registrable
Securities registered at such time.

2

1.20. Reset
Price(s) means the greater of (i) the lowest single Trading Day VWAP of the Common Stock during the applicable Reset Period
and (ii) the Floor Price (as adjusted for forward and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and the like after the
execution of the Purchase Agreement).

1.21. Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.22. Series
A Warrants shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

1.23. Series
B Warrants shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

1.24. Stockholder
Approval Shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

1.25. Stockholder
Approval Date means the Trading Day during which the Company files a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and
Exchange Commission giving public notice of Stockholder Approval.

1.26. RESERVED

1.27. Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof. 

1.28. Trading
Day means a Calendar Day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

1.29. Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the
date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York
Stock Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

1.30. Transfer
Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the
Company, with a mailing address of 48 Wall Street, 23rd Fl, New York, NY 10005, and any successor
transfer agent of the Company.

1.31. VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so
reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

1.32. Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

3

2. Exercise.

2.1. Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times
on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 2.1 (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2.4.1 herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant
Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the
cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2.3 below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of
Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be
required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the
Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which
case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days after the date on which the
final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total
number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder
in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the
number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within
one (1) Trading Day after receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree
that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of
Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

2.2. Exercise
Price. The exercise price per Warrant Share shall be $0.784, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

2.3. Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder or the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then
this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder
shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise
is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2.1. hereof on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or (2) delivered pursuant to Section 2.1.
hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated
under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the highest Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market
as reported by Bloomberg L.P. within two (2) hours of the Holders delivery of the Notice of Exercise pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof
if such Notice of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours or within two (2) hours after the close of regular
trading hours on a Trading Day or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of
Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section 2.1. hereof two (2) or more hours following the
close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

4

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via a cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2.3.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act,
the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares being
issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2.3. 

2.4. Mechanics
of Exercise.

2.4.1. Delivery
of Warrant Shares upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading
Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of
the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of
(i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for
purposes of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act to have become the holder of the Warrant Shares irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each
$1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
$10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each
Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company
agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.
As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of
Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the
Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement,
the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date
and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

2.4.2. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

5

2.4.3. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2.4.1
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice to the Company
at any time prior to the Company delivering such Warrant Shares.

2.4.4. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2.4.1 above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any failure due solely to any action or inaction
by the Holder with respect to such exercise),, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon such exercise but did not receive (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number
of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver, but did not deliver, to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue
times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder,
either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored and return
any amount received by the Company in respect of the Exercise Price for those Warrant Shares (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with
its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase
obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000.
The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request
of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

2.4.5. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of
this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

2.4.6. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6 duly executed by the Holder
and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-Trading Day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository
Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-Trading Day electronic delivery
of the Warrant Shares.

2.4.7. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this
Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

6

2.5. Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2.5, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder
that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained
in this Section 2.5 applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder
together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion
of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged
by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. For purposes of this Section
2.5, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B)
a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading
Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this
Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior
to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2.5, provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds
9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon
exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2.5 shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation will not be effective until sixty-one (61) Calendar Days after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions
of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2.5
to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation
herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

3. Certain Adjustments.

3.1. Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common
Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant),
(ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split)
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares
of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of Shares issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 3.1 shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

3.2. Subsequent
Equity Sales. If at any time while this Warrant is outstanding and subject to obtaining Stockholder Approval, if the Company issues,
sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any option to purchase, or sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any right
to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), or
is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock or any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to
acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument
that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock
(Common Stock Equivalents) for effective consideration per share (the New Issuance Price)
less than a price equal to the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale or deemed issuance or sale (such Exercise
Price then in effect is referred to as the Applicable Price) (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance),
then simultaneously with the consummation (or, if earlier, the announcement) of such Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price then in effect
shall be reduced to an amount equal to the higher of (i) the New Issuance Price or (ii) the Floor Price, provided, however,
that no Exempt Issuance shall be considered a Dilutive Issuance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if one or more Dilutive Issuances occurred
prior to the Stockholder Approval being obtained, once the Stockholder Approval is obtained, the Exercise Price will automatically be
reduced to equal the greater of (x) the lowest Applicable Price with respect to any Dilutive Issuance that occurred prior to the
Stockholder Approval being obtained, and (y) the Floor Price.

3.2.1. Issuance
of Options. If the Company in any manner grants or sells any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of preferred
stock and/or Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (Options) and the lowest price per share for which one share
of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Common Stock
Equivalents issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then
such share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the granting
or sale of such Option for such price per share. For purposes of this Section 3.2.1., the lowest price per share for which one
share of Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of any such Options or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Common Stock Equivalents
issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof shall be equal to (1) the lower of (x) the
sum of the lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to any one share of Common Stock
upon the granting or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Common Stock Equivalents
issuable upon exercise of such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof and (y) the sum of the consideration received or receivable
by the Company with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the granting or sale of such Option and the lowest exercise price set
forth in such Option for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of any such Options or upon conversion, exercise
or exchange of any Common Stock Equivalents issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof minus
(2) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Option (or any other Person) upon the granting, issuance or sale of such
Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Common Stock Equivalents issuable upon exercise
of such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit
conferred on, the holder of such Option (or any other Person). Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price
shall be made upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock or of such Common Stock Equivalents upon the exercise of such Options
or otherwise pursuant to the terms of or upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange
of such Common Stock Equivalents. This Section 3.2.1. shall not apply to any Exempt Issuance.

8

3.2.2. Issuance
of Common Stock Equivalents. If the Company in any manner issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents and the lowest price per share
for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to
the terms thereof is less than the Exercise Price, then such share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been
issued and sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale of such Common Stock Equivalents for such price per share. For the
purposes of this Section 3.2.2., the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the conversion,
exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof shall be equal to (1) the lower of (x) the sum of the lowest
amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to one share of Common Stock upon the issuance or
sale of the Common Stock Equivalent and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Common Stock Equivalent or otherwise pursuant to
the terms thereof and (y) the sum of the consideration received or receivable by the Company with respect to any one share of Common Stock
upon the granting or sale of such Common Stock Equivalent and the lowest conversion price set forth in such Common Stock Equivalent for
which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon conversion, exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof minus
(2) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Common Stock Equivalent (or any other Person) upon the issuance or sale
of such Common Stock Equivalent plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder
of such Common Stock Equivalent (or any other Person). Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall
be made upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Common Stock Equivalents
or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof, and if any such issuance or sale of such Common Stock Equivalents is made upon exercise of
any Options for which adjustment of the Warrant has been or is to be made pursuant to other provisions of this Section 3.2.2., except
as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made by reason of such issuance or sale. This Section 3.2.2.
shall not apply to any Exempt Issuance.

3.2.3. Change
in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If the purchase or exercise price provided for in any Options, the additional consideration,
if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Common Stock Equivalents, or the rate at which any Common Stock
Equivalents are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock increases or decreases at any time (other than
proportional changes in conversion or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection with an event referred to in Section 3(a)), the Exercise
Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to the Exercise Price which would have been in effect at such
time had such Options or Common Stock Equivalents provided for such increased or decreased purchase price, additional consideration or
increased or decreased conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time initially granted, issued or sold. For purposes of this Section
3.2.3., if the terms of any Option or Common Stock Equivalents that was outstanding as of the Issue Date are increased or decreased in
the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence, then such Option or Common Stock Equivalents and the shares of Common Stock
deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease.
No adjustment pursuant to this Section 3.2.3. shall be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Exercise Price then
in effect. This Section 3.2.3. shall not apply to any Exempt Issuance.

9

3.2.4. Calculation
of Consideration Received. If any Option and/or Common Stock Equivalent and/or Adjustment Right is issued in connection with the issuance
or sale or deemed issuance or sale of any other securities of the Company (as reasonably determined jointly by the Holder and the Company,
the Primary Security and such Option and/or Common Stock Equivalent and/or Adjustment Right, the Secondary
Securities and, together with the Primary Security, each a Unit), together comprising one integrated transaction,
the aggregate consideration per share of Common Stock with respect to such Primary Security shall be deemed to be the lowest of (x) the
purchase price of such Unit, (y) if such Primary Security is an Option and/or Common Stock Equivalent, the lowest price per share for
which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise or conversion of the Primary Security in accordance with Section
3(e)(i) or 3(e)(ii) above and (z) the lowest VWAP on any Trading Day during the five (5) Trading Day period (the Adjustment
Period) immediately following the public announcement of such Dilutive Issuance (for the avoidance of doubt, if such public
announcement is released prior to the opening of the applicable Trading Market on a Trading Day, such Trading Day shall be the first Trading
Day in such five Trading Day period and if this Warrant is exercised, on any given Exercise Date during any such Adjustment Period, solely
with respect to such portion of this Warrant converted on such applicable Exercise Date, such applicable Adjustment Period shall be deemed
to have ended on, and included, the Trading Day immediately prior to such Exercise Date). If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Common
Stock Equivalents are issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration received therefor will be deemed
to be the net amount of consideration received by the Company therefor. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Common Stock Equivalents
are issued or sold for a consideration other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value
of such consideration, except where such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration
received by the Company for such securities will be the lowest VWAP on any Trading Day during the five (5) Trading Day period immediately
preceding the date of receipt. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Common Stock Equivalents are issued to the owners of the non-surviving
entity in connection with any merger in which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be deemed
to be the fair value of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to such shares of Common
Stock, Options or Common Stock Equivalents (as the case may be). The fair value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded
securities will be reasonably determined jointly by the Company and the Holder. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within ten
(10) days after the occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair value of such consideration
will be determined within five (5) Trading Days after the tenth (10th) day following such Valuation Event by an independent, reputable
appraiser jointly selected by the Company and the Holder. The determination of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties
absent manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Company. For purposes of hereof, Adjustment
Right means any right granted with respect to any securities issued in connection with, or with respect to, any issuance or
sale (or deemed issuance or sale in accordance with this Section 3.2.4. of shares of Common Stock (other than rights of the type described
in Section 3.4 and Section 3.5 hereof) that could result in a decrease in the net consideration received by the Company in connection
with, or with respect to, such securities (including, without limitation, any cash settlement rights, cash adjustment or other similar
rights). This Section 3.2.4. shall not apply to any Exempt Issuance.

3.2.5. Record
Date. If the Company takes a record of the holders of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them (A) to receive a dividend
or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, Options or in Common Stock Equivalents or (B) to subscribe for or purchase shares
of Common Stock, Options or Common Stock Equivalents, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the issuance or sale of the
shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution
or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

3.2.6. Number
of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 3.2., the number of Warrant Shares
that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the
aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price
in effect as of the Issue Date (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein and the aggregate Exercise Price
for purposes of the foregoing shall be the aggregate Exercise Price as of the Issue Date and may not be unilaterally reduced by the Company
for any reason other than by exercise of this Warrant by the Holder); provided, however, the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon such
adjustment shall not exceed the quotient obtained by dividing the aggregate Exercise Price on the Issue Date by the Floor Price.

10

3.3. Exercise
Price and Warrant Shares Resets.

3.3.1. Warrant
Shares Reset Process. On each Reset Date, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted to equal the lower of (i) the Exercise Price then
in effect and (ii) the applicable Reset Price. Upon such reset of the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 3.3.1, the number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking
into account the decrease in the Exercise Price, shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price on the Issuance Date (adjusted for any
Warrants exercised or sold by the Holder prior to such Reset Date) for the Warrant Shares then outstanding, subject to adjustment for
any prior exercises pursuant to Section 3.3.2. If, for any reason, less than all of the Warrant Shares have been registered pursuant to
a Registration Statement pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (taking into accounts amounts previously registered) and clause
(i)(A) of the definition of Reset Period applies, then the Holder, with respect to itself only, shall have the right in its sole and absolute
discretion, to deem that the Reset Date has only occurred with respect to such portion of this Warrant as has been registered for resale,
and any portion of this Warrant not previously subject to a Reset Date shall remain subject to a future adjustment in accordance with
the reset process set forth herein, ie. additional Reset Dates shall occur upon satisfaction of the conditions

3.3.2. Exercise
Prior to Reset Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder requests to exercise this Warrant, in whole or in part, prior
to the Reset Date on any given date following Stockholder Approval on which (i) the exercised Warrant Shares are registered pursuant to
an effective Registration Statement that is available for the issuance of such Warrant Shares, or (ii) the Holder exercises this Warrant
pursuant to an cashless exercise (any such date, an Exercise Date), then solely with respect to such portion
of this Warrant being exercised on such applicable Exercise Date, (a) such applicable Reset Date shall be deemed to mean the Exercise
Date, (b) such applicable Reset Period shall be deemed to have commenced on the Reset Period Start Date, (c) the applicable Reset Price
and number Warrant Shares shall be calculated pursuant to Section 3.3,1 solely with respect to such portion of the Warrant being exercised
on such applicable Exercise Date.

3.4. Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3.1 above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all (or substantially all)
of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be
entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

3.5. Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all (or substantially all) holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of
return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options
by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the
beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the
time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has
exercised this Warrant.

11

3.6. Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50%
or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common
equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant,
the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior
to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2.5 on the
exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is
the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a
result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2.5 on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes
of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the
Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any
different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property
to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives
upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a
Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any
time concurrently with, or within 30 Trading Days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount
of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including
not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor
Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this
Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction,
whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given
the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further,
that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders
of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock/shares of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following
such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this
Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg, L.P. (Bloomberg)
determined as of the Trading Day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free
interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the
applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) the greater of (1) 100% and (2) the 100 day volatility as
obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 Calendar Day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately
following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such
calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration,
if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3.6 and, (D) a remaining
option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the
Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available
funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five (5) Business Days after the Holders election and (ii) the date
of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the
Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company
under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.6 pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at
the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written
instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant that is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital
stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an
exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
of the shares of Common Stock prior to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares
of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence
of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that
from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant referring to the
Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally),
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company
prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this
Warrant with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named
as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3.6
regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii)
whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

12

3.7.Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest fraction of a cent as in the initial Exercise Price or the nearest
1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding
as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

3.8. Notice
to Holder.

3.8.1. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

3.8.2. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall
appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 Calendar Days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to
such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice
or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such
notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

3.9. Share
Combination Event Adjustment. In addition to the adjustments set forth in Section 3.1 above, if at any time and from time to time
on or after the Issuance Date there occurs any share split, reverse share split, share dividend, share combination recapitalization or
other similar transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Share Combination Event, and such date thereof,
the Share Combination Event Date) and the lowest VWAP during the two consecutive days before and three (3)
consecutive Trading Days immediately following the Share Combination Event Date (the Share Combination Adjustment Period,
and such price, the Event Market Price) is less than the Exercise Price then in effect (after giving effect
to the adjustment in clause 3.1 above), then immediately following the close of trading on the primary Trading Market on the last Trading
Day of the Share Combination Adjustment Period, the Exercise Price then in effect shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the
Event Market Price and the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant on the Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged following such event; provided, however, if
the Share Combination Event is effective after close of Trading on the primary Trading Market, then the Share Combination Event Date shall
be deemed to occur on the next Trading Day, and the Share Combination Adjustment Period shall be adjusted accordingly; provided, further,
that the adjustment to the Exercise Price in this sentence shall not reduce the Exercise Price below the Floor Price; and provided further
that notwithstanding the foregoing, if one or more Share Combination Events occurred prior to the Stockholder Approval being obtained
and the reduction of the Exercise Price was limited by clause (i) of the definition of Floor Price, then once the Stockholder Approval
is obtained, the Exercise Price will automatically be reduced to equal the lowest of (x) the lowest Event Market Price with respect to
any Share Combination Event that occurred prior to the Stockholder Approval being obtained, and (y) the price determined by reference
to clause (ii) of the definition of Floor Price. For the avoidance of doubt, (a) if the adjustment in the immediately preceding sentence
would otherwise result in an increase in the Exercise Price hereunder, no adjustment shall be made, and if this Warrant is exercised,
on any given exercise date during the Share Combination Adjustment Period, solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant exercised
on such applicable exercise date, such applicable Share Combination Adjustment Period shall be deemed to have ended on, and included,
the Trading Day immediately prior to such exercise date and the Event Market Price on such applicable exercise date will be the lowest
VWAP of the Common Stock immediately during such the Share Combination Adjustment Period prior to such exercise date and ending on, and
including the Trading Day immediately prior to such exercise date and (b) all adjustments pursuant to this Section 3.9 shall also be subject
to Section 3.1 above, including any Event Market Price.

13

3.10. Voluntary
Adjustment by Company. The Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any
amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors of the Company; provided, however, that the Company agrees
not to adjust the Exercise Price in any way that would violate the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market.

4. Transfer of Warrant.

4.1. Transferability.
Subject to the Holders appropriate compliance with the restrictive legend on this Warrant and the transfer restrictions set forth
herein and in the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are
transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together
with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6 duly executed by the Holder
or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender
and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees,
as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a
new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned
this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days after the date
on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance
herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

4.2. New
Warrants. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon
presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which
new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4.1, as to any transfer
which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for
the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall
be dated the initial Issuance Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares
issuable pursuant thereto.

4.3. Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

4.4 Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of
this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of
this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 4.1(c) of the Purchase Agreement.

14

4.5 Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

5. Miscellaneous.

5.1. No
Rights as Stockholder until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2.4.1, except as expressly set forth
in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section
2.3 or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2.4.1 and Section 2.4.4 herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash
settle an exercise of this Warrant. For the avoidance of doubt, except as expressly set forth in this Warrant, in no event does this
agreement result in the Company having an obligation to issue cash or other assets to the Holder.

5.2. Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

5.3. Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised, on the next succeeding Trading Day.

5.4. Authorized
Shares.

5.4.1. Reservation
of Authorized and Unissued Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period commencing on the Stockholder Approval Notice
Date through the Termination Date, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant and assuming that
the number of Warrant Shares is being determined based on a Reset Price equal to clause (ii) of the Floor Price. The Company further covenants
that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary
Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be
necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or
of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which
may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
(which means that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue thereof) and free from all
taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring
contemporaneously with such issue).

15

5.4.2. Noncircumvention.
Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation,
amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue
or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this
Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may
be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, assuming that the number
of Warrant Shares is being determined based on a Reset Price equal to clause (ii) of the Floor Price and (iii) use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may
be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

5.4.3. Authorizations,
Exemptions and Consents. Before taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which
this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents
thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

5.5. Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by
and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough
of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed
herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in
such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under the federal securities
laws.

5.6. Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

5.7. Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of
this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs
and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

16

5.8. Notices. Any
and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any
Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service, addressed to the Company, at 990 Biscayne Blvd. #501, Office 12, Miami, FL
33132, Attention: Michael McLaren, Chief Executive Officer, email address: MMclaren@safeandgreenholdings.com, or such other
email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other
communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or
sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder
appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective
on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set
forth in this Section 5.8 prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section 5.8 on a
Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day
following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the
party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with
the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.9.
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the
Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

5.10. Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.11. Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

5.12. Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
each Holder, on the other hand. No modification or amendment or modification of the provisions hereof may be waived in a manner that is
more favorable to other holder(s) of Series A Warrants, as applicable, or to treat any holder(s) of Series A Warrants in a manner that
is in any respect not equal to the treatment of all other holder(s) of Series A Warrants.

5.13. Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

5.14. Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

[Safe & Green Holdings Corp. Investor Series
A Common Warrant Signature Page Follows]

17

[Safe & Green Holdings Corp. Investor Series
A Common Warrant Signature Page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Series A Common Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit 2.1

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: Safe
& Green Holdings Corp.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States.

if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2.3, to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2.3.

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be
delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[Safe & Green Holdings Corp. Investor Series
A Common Warrant Exercise Notice Investor Signature Page]

Name of Investing Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date:

Exhibit 2.4.6

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant,
execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name:

Address:

Phone Number:

Email Address:

Date:

Holders Signature:

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023847501ex4-2_safe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SERIES B WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

FORM OF SERIES B COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

Warrant Shares: Issuance Date: 

THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE
COMMON STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [] or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Initial Exercise Date and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the thirty (30) month anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Safe & Green Holdings
Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares) of Common Stock. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.3, the purchase price of one (1) share of Common Stock
under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2.2.

1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant or in the Purchase Agreement, the following
terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1.

1.1. Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

1.2. Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so
reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

1.3. Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

1.4. Business
Day means a Calendar Day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other Calendar Day which is a federal legal holiday in the
United States or any Calendar Day on which the commercial banks in the City of New York are required by law or other governmental action
to close, provided that the commercial banks in the City of New York shall not be deemed to be required to be closed due to a stay
at home, shelter in place, non-essential employee or similar orders or restrictions or the closure
of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including
for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such Calendar Day.

1.5. Calendar
Day means each and every day of the week (Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday).

1.6. Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.7. Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.01 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

1.8. Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

1.9. Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.10. Floor
Price means (i) the Exercise Price, or (ii) following Stockholder Approval, $0.0784, a price equal to twenty percent (20%)
of the Nasdaq Minimum Price, as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)(1)(A) immediately prior to the execution of the Purchase Agreement
(which price shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction
following the date of the Purchase Agreement).

1.11. Initial
Exercise Date means the Stockholder Approval Date.

1.12. Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

1.13. Purchase
Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory
thereto.

1.14. Registration
Rights Agreement means that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of 14, 2025, by and between the Company and
the Holder.

1.15. Registration
Statement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

1.16. Reset
Date(s) means the Trading Day(s) after the end of the Reset Period(s). 

1.17. Reset
Period(s) means the period(s) commencing on two full Trading Days immediately preceding the Reset Period Start Date(s)
and ending on the tenth (10th) Trading Day after the applicable Reset Period Start Date(s).

1.18 Reset
Period Start Date(s) means each of the later of (i) the earlier of (A) the first (1st) Trading Day after the a Registration
Statement is declared effective under the Registration Rights Agreement, provided that in the event less than all of the Registrable Securities
as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement are covered by the Registration Statement, then this this clause (A) will only apply to
those Registrable Securities actually registered for resale on such Registration Statement, ,(B) the first (1st) Trading Day after the
date on which the Holder can sell all Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144 without restriction or limitation, or (ii) the first
(1st) Trading Day after the Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) is obtained. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, in the event that not all Registrable Securities are registered on the initial Registration Statement and Stockholder Approval
is obtained, there shall be multiple Reset Dates provided that such Reset Date shall only apply to those Registrable Securities registered
at such time.

2

1.19. Reset
Price(s) means the greater of (i) the lowest single Trading Day VWAP of the Common Stock during the applicable Reset Period
and (ii) the Floor Price (as adjusted for forward and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and the like after the
execution of the Purchase Agreement).

1.20. Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.21. Series
A Warrants shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

1.22. 
Series B Warrants shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

1.23. Stockholder
Approval Shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

1.24. Stockholder
Approval Date means the Trading Day during which the Company files a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and
Exchange Commission giving public notice of Stockholder Approval.

1.25. Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof. 

1.26. Trading
Day means a Calendar Day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

1.27. Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the
date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York
Stock Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

1.28. Transfer
Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the
Company, with a mailing address of 48 Wall Street, 23rd Fl, New York, NY 10005, and any successor
transfer agent of the Company.

1.29. VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so
reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

1.30. Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

3

2. Exercise.

2.1. Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times
on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit 2.1 (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2.4.1 herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant
Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the
alternative cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2.3 below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant
to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days after the date on
which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
on the Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that,
by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant
Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

2.2. Exercise
Price. The exercise price per Warrant Share shall be $0.98, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

2.3. Alternative
Cashless Exercise. Whether or not an effective registration statement is available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the
Holder, or the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, the Holder may also effect an alternative cashless exercise.
In such event, the aggregate number of Warrant Shares issuable in such alternative cashless exercise pursuant to any given Notice of Exercise
electing to effect an alternative cashless exercise shall equal the product of (i) the aggregate number of Warrant Shares that would be
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, in whole or in part, in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means
of a cash exercise, multiplied by (ii) 3.0. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall
be automatically exercised via an alternative cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2.3.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act,
the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares being
issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2.3. 

4

2.4. Mechanics
of Exercise.

2.4.1. Delivery
of Warrant Shares upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading
Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of
the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of
(i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for
purposes of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act to have become the holder of the Warrant Shares irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each
$1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
$10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each
Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company
agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.
As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of
Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the
Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement,
the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date
and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

2.4.2. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

2.4.3. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2.4.1
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice to the Company
at any time prior to the Company delivering such Warrant Shares.

2.4.4. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2.4.1 above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any failure due solely to any action or inaction
by the Holder with respect to such exercise),, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon such exercise but did not receive (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number
of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver, but did not deliver, to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue
times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder,
either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored and return
any amount received by the Company in respect of the Exercise Price for those Warrant Shares (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with
its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase
obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000.
The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request
of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

5

2.4.5. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of
this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

2.4.6. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6 duly executed by the Holder
and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-Trading Day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository
Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-Trading Day electronic delivery
of the Warrant Shares.

2.4.7. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this
Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

2.5. Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2.5, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder
that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained
in this Section 2.5 applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder
together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion
of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged
by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. For purposes of this Section
2.5, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B)
a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading
Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this
Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior
to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2.5, provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds
9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon
exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2.5 shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation will not be effective until sixty-one (61) Calendar Days after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions
of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2.5
to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation
herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

6

3. Certain Adjustments.

3.1. Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common
Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant),
(ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split)
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares
of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of Shares issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 3.1 shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

3.2. Exercise
Price and Warrant Shares Reset.

3.2.1. Warrant
Shares Reset Process. On the Reset Date, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted to equal the lower of (i) the Exercise Price then
in effect and (ii) the Reset Price. Upon such reset of the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 3.2.1, the number of Warrant Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into
account the decrease in the Exercise Price, shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price on the Issuance Date (adjusted for any Warrants
exercised or sold by the Holder prior to such Reset Date) for the Warrant Shares then outstanding, subject to adjustment for any prior
exercises pursuant to Section 3.2.2. If, for any reason, less than the maximum number of shares issuable under this Warrant (including
pursuant to an Alternative Cashless Exercise of all Warrant Shares exercisable hereunder) have been registered pursuant to a Registration
Statement pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (taking into accounts amounts previously registered) and clause (i)(A) of the
definition of Reset Period applies, then the Holder, with respect to itself only, shall have the right in its sole and absolute discretion,
to deem that the Reset Date has only occurred with respect to such portion of this Warrant as has been registered for resale, and any
portion of this Warrant not previously subject to a Reset Date shall remain subject to a future adjustment in accordance with the reset
process set forth herein.

7

3.2.2. Exercise
Prior to Reset Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder requests to exercise this Warrant, in whole or in part,
prior to the Reset Date on any given date following Stockholder Approval on which (i) the exercised Warrant Shares are registered
pursuant to an effective Registration Statement that is available for the issuance of such Warrant Shares, or (ii) the Holder
exercises this Warrant pursuant to an alternative cashless exercise (any such date, an Exercise Date),
then solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant being exercised on such applicable Exercise Date, (a) such applicable Reset
Date shall be deemed to mean the Exercise Date, (b) such applicable Reset Period shall be deemed to have commenced on the Reset
Period Start Date, and (c) the applicable Reset Price and number Warrant Shares shall be calculated pursuant to Section 3.2,1 solely
with respect to such portion of the Warrant being exercised on such applicable Exercise Date.

3.3. Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3.1 above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all (or substantially all)
of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be
entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

3.4. Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all (or substantially all) holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of
return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options
by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the
beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the
time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has
exercised this Warrant.

8

3.5. Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50%
or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common
equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant,
the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior
to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2.5 on the
exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is
the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a
result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2.5 on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes
of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the
Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any
different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property
to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives
upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a
Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any
time concurrently with, or within 30 Trading Days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount
of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including
not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor
Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this
Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction,
whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given
the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further,
that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders
of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock/shares of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following
such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant
based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg, L.P. (Bloomberg)
determined as of the Trading Day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free
interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the
applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) the greater of (1) 100% and (2) the 100 day volatility as
obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 Calendar Day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately
following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such
calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any,
being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction,
if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3.6 and, (D) a remaining option time
equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination
Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds
(or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five (5) Business Days after the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation
of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not
the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this
Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.5 pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant that is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to
each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities,
jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor
Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant with the same effect as if the Company and
such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3.5 regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient
authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the
Initial Exercise Date.

9

3.6.Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest fraction of a cent as in the initial Exercise Price or the nearest
1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding
as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

3.7. Notice
to Holder.

3.7.1. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

3.7.2. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall
appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 Calendar Days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to
such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice
or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such
notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

3.8. Share
Combination Event Adjustment. In addition to the adjustments set forth in Section 3.1 above, if at any time and from time to time
on or after the Issuance Date there occurs any share split, reverse share split, share dividend, share combination recapitalization or
other similar transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Share Combination Event, and such date thereof,
the Share Combination Event Date) and the lowest VWAP during the two (2) consecutive days and five (5) consecutive
Trading Days immediately following the Share Combination Event Date (the Share Combination Adjustment Period,
and such price, the Event Market Price) is less than the Exercise Price then in effect (after giving effect
to the adjustment in clause 3.1 above), then immediately following the close of trading on the primary Trading Market on the last Trading
Day of the Share Combination Adjustment Period, the Exercise Price then in effect shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the
Event Market Price and the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant on the Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged following such event; provided, however, if
the Share Combination Event is effective after close of Trading on the primary Trading Market, then the Share Combination Event Date shall
be deemed to occur on the next Trading Day, and the Share Combination Adjustment Period shall be adjusted accordingly; provided, further,
that the adjustment to the Exercise Price in this sentence shall not reduce the Exercise Price below the Floor Price; and provided further
that notwithstanding the foregoing, if one or more Share Combination Events occurred prior to the Stockholder Approval being obtained
and the reduction of the Exercise Price was limited by clause (i) of the definition of Floor Price, then once the Stockholder Approval
is obtained, the Exercise Price will automatically be reduced to equal the lowest of (x) the lowest Event Market Price with respect to
any Share Combination Event that occurred prior to the Stockholder Approval being obtained, and (y) the price determined by reference
to clause (ii) of the definition of Floor Price. For the avoidance of doubt, (a) if the adjustment in the immediately preceding sentence
would otherwise result in an increase in the Exercise Price hereunder, no adjustment shall be made, and if this Warrant is exercised,
on any given exercise date during the Share Combination Adjustment Period, solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant exercised
on such applicable exercise date, such applicable Share Combination Adjustment Period shall be deemed to have ended on, and included,
the Trading Day immediately prior to such exercise date and the Event Market Price on such applicable exercise date will be the lowest
VWAP of the Common Stock immediately during such the Share Combination Adjustment Period prior to such exercise date and ending on, and
including the Trading Day immediately prior to such exercise date and (b) all adjustments pursuant to this Section 3.8 shall also be subject
to Section 3.1 above, including any Event Market Price.

10

3.9. Voluntary
Adjustment by Company. The Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any
amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors of the Company; provided, however, that the Company agrees
not to adjust the Exercise Price in any way that would violate the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market.

4. Transfer of Warrant.

4.1. Transferability.
Subject to the Holders appropriate compliance with the restrictive legend on this Warrant and the transfer restrictions set forth
herein and in the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are
transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together
with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6 duly executed by the Holder
or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender
and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees,
as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a
new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned
this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days after the date
on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance
herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

4.2. New
Warrants. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon
presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which
new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4.1, as to any transfer
which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for
the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall
be dated the initial Issuance Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares
issuable pursuant thereto.

4.3. Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

4.4 Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of
this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of
this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 4.1(c) of the Purchase Agreement.

4.5 Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

11

5. Miscellaneous.

5.1. No
Rights as Stockholder until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2.4.1, except as expressly set forth
in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on an alternative cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2.3 or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2.4.1 and Section 2.4.4 herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant. For the avoidance of doubt, except as expressly set forth in this Warrant, in no
event does this agreement result in the Company having an obligation to issue cash or other assets to the Holder.

5.2. Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

5.3. Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised, on the next succeeding Trading Day.

5.4. Authorized
Shares.

5.4.1. Reservation
of Authorized and Unissued Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period commencing on the Stockholder Approval Notice
Date through the Termination Date, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant and assuming that
the number of Warrant Shares is being determined based on a Reset Price equal to clause (ii) of the Floor Price. The Company further covenants
that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary
Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be
necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or
of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which
may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
(which means that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue thereof) and free from all
taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring
contemporaneously with such issue).

5.4.2. Noncircumvention.
Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation,
amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue
or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this
Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may
be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, assuming that the number
of Warrant Shares is being determined based on a Reset Price equal to clause (ii) of the Floor Price and (iii) use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may
be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

12

5.4.3. Authorizations,
Exemptions and Consents. Before taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which
this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents
thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

5.5. Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by
and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough
of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed
herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in
such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under the federal securities
laws.

5.6. Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

5.7. Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of
this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs
and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

5.8. Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed
to the Company, at 990 Biscayne Blvd. #501, Office 12, Miami, FL 33132, Attention: Michael
McLaren, Chief Executive Officer, email address: MMclaren@safeandgreenholdings.com, or such other email address or address as the Company
may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the
Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service
addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication
or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section 5.8 prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii)
the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set
forth in this Section 5.8 on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day,
(iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon
actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes,
or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

13

5.9. Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase
Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for
the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company.

5.10. Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.11. Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

5.12. Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
each Holder, on the other hand. No modification or amendment or modification of the provisions hereof may be waived in a manner that is
more favorable to other holder(s) of Series B Warrants, as applicable, or to treat any holder(s) of Series B Warrants in a manner that
is in any respect not equal to the treatment of all other holder(s) of Series B Warrants.

5.13. Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

5.14. Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

[Safe & Green Holdings Corp. Investor Series
B Common Warrant Signature Page Follows]

14

[Safe & Green Holdings Corp. Investor Series
B Common Warrant Signature Page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Series B Common Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. 

By: 

Name:

Title:

15

Exhibit 2.1

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: Safe
& Green Holdings Corp.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States.

the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary,
in accordance with the provisions of subsection 2.3, to exercise this Warrant pursuant to the alternative cashless exercise
procedure set forth in subsection 2.3.

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be
delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

16

[Safe & Green Holdings Corp. Investor Series
B Common Warrant Exercise Notice Investor Signature Page]

Name of Investing Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date:

17

Exhibit 2.4.6

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant,
execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name:

Address:

Phone Number:

Email Address:

Date:

Holders Signature:

Holders Address:

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023847501ex4-3_safe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR
WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY
STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

Warrant Shares: Initial Exercise Date: 

Issuance Date: 

THIS PRE-FUNDED WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [_____]. or its assigns (the
Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) until this Warrant is exercised
in full (the Termination Date), to subscribe for and purchase from Safe & Green Holdings Corp.., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), up to [____]shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one (1) share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise
Price, as defined in Section 2.2.

1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant or in the Securities Purchase Agreement dated [_____] by and among the Company
and the investors (the Purchasers) referred to therein (the Securities Purchase Agreement),
the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

1.1. Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

1.2. Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the
Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed
or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in
all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by
the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company.

1.3. Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

1.4. Business Day
means a Calendar Day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other Calendar Day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or
any Calendar Day on which the commercial banks in the City of New York are required by law or other governmental action to close, provided
that the commercial banks in the City of New York shall not be deemed to be required to be closed due to a stay at home,
shelter in place, non-essential employee or similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical
branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers)
of commercial banks in the City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such Calendar Day.

1.5. Calendar Day
means each and every day of the week (Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday).

1.6. Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.7. Common Stock
means the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified
or changed.

1.8. Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

1.9. Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.10. Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

1.11. Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.12. Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

1.13. Trading Day
means a Calendar Day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

1.14. Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB
or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

1.15. Transaction Documents
means the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Placement Agency Agreement, the Irrevocable
Consent, and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereunder.

1.16. Transfer Agent
means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with offices located at 48 Wall Street, 23rd
Fl, New York, NY 10005, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

1.17. VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so
reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

2. Exercise.

2.1. Exercise of Warrant.
Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail
attachment) of the Notice of Exercise substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2.4.1 herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant
Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the
cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2.3 below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of
Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be
required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the
Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which
case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days after the date on which the
final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total
number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder
in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the
number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within
one (1) Trading Day after receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree
that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of
Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

2.2. Exercise Price. The
aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, subject to adjustment hereunder
(such nominal exercise price, the Exercise Price), was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial
Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than such Exercise Price) shall be required to be paid by the Holder
to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion,
of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever.

2.3. Cashless Exercise.
This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled
to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or
(2) delivered pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder,
either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the highest Bid Price
of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. within two (2) hours of the Holders delivery
of the Notice of Exercise pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof if such Notice of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours,
or within two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section
2.1 hereof two (2) or more hours following the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

3

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued in such
a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the holding period
of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position
contrary to this Section 2.3.

2.4. Mechanics of Exercise.

2.4.1. Delivery
of Warrant Shares upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate or by electronic delivery
(at the election of the Holder), for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address
specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the
Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to
the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice
of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect
to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the
number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for purposes of Regulation SHO under the Exchange
Act to have become the holder of the Warrant Shares irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares. If the Company fails to
deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to
the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on
the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day
on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until
such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant
in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any
Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at
any time after the time of execution of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to
such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share
Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)
is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

2.4.2. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

4

2.4.3. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2.4.1
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

2.4.4. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2.4.1 above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its
broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise
(a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored and
return any amount received by the Company in respect of the Exercise Price for those Warrant Shares (in which case such exercise shall
be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely
complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase
price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving
rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay
the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the
Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue
any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as
required pursuant to the terms hereof.

2.4.5. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of
this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

2.4.6. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6 duly executed by the Holder
and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-Trading Day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository
Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-Trading Day electronic delivery
of the Warrant Shares.

2.4.7. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this
Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

2.5. Holders Exercise Limitations.
The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant,
pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable
Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the
Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties), would beneficially own
in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common
Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder
or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or
exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2.5, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that
the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder
is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this
Section 2.5 applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the
Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable
(in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify
or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section
2.5, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B)
a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading
Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this
Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior
to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2.5, provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds
9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon
exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2.5 shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation will not be effective until 61 Calendar Days after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this
paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2.5 to correct
this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

6

3. Certain Adjustments.

3.1. Stock Dividends and Splits.
If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions
on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance
of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares of capital stock
of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares
of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant
to this Section 3.1 shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive
such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination
or re-classification.

3.2. Subsequent Rights Offerings.
In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3.1 above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents
or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all (or substantially all) of the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the
number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common
Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as
a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until
such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

3.3. Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets
(or rights to acquire its assets) to all (or substantially all) holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise
(including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the
beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the
time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has
exercised this Warrant.

7

3.4. Fundamental Transaction.
If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects
any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a
series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other
securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the
voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common
Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation,
a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other
Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity
of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder
shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence
of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2.5 on the exercise of this
Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2.5 on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the
determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate
Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise
Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate
Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental
Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant
following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company
is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under
this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.4 pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant that is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be succeed to, and be substituted for the Company, under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence
or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company
herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3.4 regardless of whether
the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares.

8

3.5. Calculations. All
calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest fraction of a cent as in the initial Exercise Price or the nearest 1/100th
of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding
as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

3.6. Notice to Holder.

3.6.1. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

3.6.2. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the
Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each
case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register
of the Company, at least 20 Calendar Days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x)
the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record
is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that
any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain
entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

4. Transfer of Warrant.

4.1. Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4.4 hereof, this Warrant and all rights
hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant
at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6 duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer
taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver
a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified
in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned,
and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically
surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days after the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning
this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

4.2. New Warrants. Subject
to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof
at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are
to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4.1, as to any transfer which may be involved
in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants
to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial Issuance
Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

9

4.3. Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

4.4. Transfer Restrictions.
If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not
be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities
or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements
pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that (x) the transferor (other than in connection
with a transfer to an Affiliate of the transferor) provide to the Company an opinion of counsel to the effect that such transfer does
not require registration of such transferred Warrant under the Securities Act and (y) that the transferee agree in writing to be bound
by the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement, with all the rights and obligations of a Purchaser
under such agreements.

4.5. Representation by the Holder.
The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire
the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Warrant
Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered
or exempted under the Securities Act.

5. Miscellaneous.

5.1. No Rights as Stockholder
until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights
as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2.4.1, except as expressly set forth in Section 3.
Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2.3 or to receive
cash payments pursuant to Section 2.4.1 and Section 2.4.4 herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise
of this Warrant. For the avoidance of doubt, except as expressly set forth in this Warrant, in no event does this agreement result in
the Company having an obligation to issue cash or other assets to the Holder.

5.2. Loss, Theft, Destruction
or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of
the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss,
theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the
posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and
deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

5.3. Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays,
etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall
not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised, on the next succeeding Business Day.

10

5.4. Authorized Shares.

5.4.1. Reservation
of Authorized and Unissued Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from
its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares
upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute
full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase
rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may
be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon
which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant
Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further sums are
required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue thereof) and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by
the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

5.4.2. Noncircumvention.
Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation,
amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue
or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this
Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may
be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

5.4.3. Authorizations,
Exemptions and Consents. Before taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which
this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents
thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

5.5. Governing Law.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein,
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in
such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable and documented attorneys fees and other
costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under the federal securities
laws.

11

5.6. Restrictions. The
Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize
cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

5.7. Nonwaiver and Expenses.
No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right
or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. No provision of this Warrant shall be construed as a waiver by the
Holder of any rights which the Holder may have under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.
Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Securities Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails
to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder
such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable and documented attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing
any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

5.8. Notices. Any notice,
request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance
with the notice provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

5.9. Limitation of Liability.
No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no
enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of
any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

5.10. Remedies. The Holder,
in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance
of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by
reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for
specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.11. Successors and Assigns.
Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder
or holder of Warrant Shares.

5.12. Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

5.13. Severability. Wherever
possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if
any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent
of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

5.14. Headings. The headings
used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

[PSTV Investor Pre-Funded Warrant Signature
Page Follows]

12

[PSTV Investor Pre-Funded Warrant Signature
Page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Pre-Funded Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

SAFE & gREEN HOLDINGS CORP. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

13

Exhibit 2.1

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: SAFE
& gREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the
form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States.

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares
as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2.3, to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number
of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2.3.

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be
delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) The undersigned is an
accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

14

[SGBXInvestor Pre-Funded Warrant Exercise Notice
Investor Signature Page]

Name of Investing Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date:

15

Exhibit 2.4.6

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant,
execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name:

Address:

Phone Number:

Email Address:

Date:

Holders Signature:

Holders Address:

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023847501ex10-1_safe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of April 14, 2025, by and among Safe & Green Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns,
a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities
Act, contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation D thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and
each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in
this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Applicable
Amount shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2(b).

BHCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee 
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a day
that is not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common
Warrants means the Series A Common Warrants and the Series B Common Warrants.

Common
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants.

Company
Counsel means Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, with offices located at 1185 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10036.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date
hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day,
no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

Disqualification
Event shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(qq). 

Environmental
Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Escrow Agent means
Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP.

Escrow Agreement
means the escrow agreement entered into as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Escrow Agent and the Placement Agent pursuant
to which the Purchasers shall deposit Subscription Amounts with the Escrow Agent to be applied to the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Evaluation Date
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange Act means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options, including the shares of Common Stock underlying the restricted
stock units or options, to employees, officers, consultants or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan or arrangement
duly adopted for such purpose by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee
of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, provided, however, securities issued to consultants
that are not natural persons shall be issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration
rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section
4.11(a), (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable
or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such
securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise
price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations or to extend
the term of such securities, and (c) securities issued to a Strategic Party or pursuant to mergers, acquisitions or strategic transactions,
including license and co-development agreements with third parties, approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company,
provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights
that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a)
herein, except as set forth in Section 4.11(c) and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders
of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with
the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not
include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary
business is investing in securities

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

FDCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

Federal
Reserve shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Hazardous
Materials shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Irrevocable
Consent means that certain irrevocable consent executed by certain holders of the Companys securities, in which approximately
42.9% of voting stockholders agree to vote all voting equity of the Company held by them in favor of each corporate action contemplated
in the definition of Stockholder Approval (as defined herein and in the Warrants), whether at a meeting of stockholders, by action taken
at a meeting, by consent or otherwise.

Irrevocable
Instructions shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a).

3

Issuer
Covered Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(qq).

IT Systems
and Data shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(jj).

Initial
Registration Statement shall have the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Money
Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(mm).

OFAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(jj).

Per Share
Purchase Price equals $0.392, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of shares of Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement, provided the purchase price per
Prefunded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus the Prefunded Warrant exercise price of $0.001.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent means D. Boral Capital LLC.

Prefunded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Prefunded Warrants.

Prefunded
Warrants means, collectively, the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a)(vi) hereof, which Prefunded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and will expire when exercised in full, in substantially
the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Public
Information Failure shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2(b).

Public
Information Failure Payments shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2(b).

4

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Rights Agreement means that certain registration rights agreement between the Company and the Purchasers, entered into in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in the form of Exhibit Dattached hereto.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Common Warrants, the Prefunded Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Series
A Common Warrants means, collectively, the Series A Common Stock Purchase Warrants delivered to the Purchasers at each Closing
in accordance with Section 2.2(a)(iv) hereof and in substantially the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Series
B Common Warrants means, collectively, the Series B Common Stock Purchase Warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing
in accordance with Section 2.2(a)(v) hereof and in substantially the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock). 

Standard
Settlement Period shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

5

Stockholder
Approval means (i) such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or
any successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
including the issuance of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares in excess of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on the Closing
Date, (ii) an increase in the authorized capital stock of the Company to one (1) billion shares of Common Stock and (iii) to undertake
a reverse stock split equal in a ratio of not less than 10:1. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first meeting,
the Company shall call a meeting every (60) days thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the date Stockholder Approval
is obtained or the Warrants are no longer outstanding.

Stockholder
Approval Date means the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective under Delaware law.

Strategic
Party means a Person (or the equityholders of a Person) that, itself or through its parents, subsidiaries or other Affiliates,
engages in the life sciences or healthcare fields or is otherwise in a business synergistic with the business of the Company.

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified
below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, as
indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, United States dollars and in immediately available funds (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers
aggregate exercise price of the Prefunded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Prefunded Warrants are exercised).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the Pink Open Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Warrants, the Irrevocable Consent,
and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with offices located at 48 Wall Street,
23rd Fl, New York, NY 10005, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11(b).

Warrant
Shares means, collectively, the Common Warrant Shares and the Prefunded Warrant Shares.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Common Warrants and the Prefunded Warrants.

6

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closings.

(a) On
the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally
and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $7,999,998.51 of Shares and Warrants; provided, however, that, to the extent
that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers Affiliates, and any Person
acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, such Purchaser may elect to purchase Prefunded Warrants in lieu of Shares
in such manner to result in the same aggregate purchase price being paid by such Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, at the election of the Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Securities on the In each case, the election to receive Prefunded Warrants
is solely at the option of the Purchaser. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Securities, and the Company and each
Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions
set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in the Prefunded Warrants) delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the Closing Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees
to deliver the Prefunded Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing
Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined in the Prefunded Warrants) for purposes hereunder.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser (including,
where noted below, to the Escrow Agent for the benefit of the Purchaser) and the Placement Agent, as applicable the following:

(i) the
Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(ii) to
the Escrow Agent, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver via a certificate
or book entry statement evidencing the number of Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase
Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser (the Irrevocable Instructions);

(iii) a
legal opinion of Company Counsel, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers; 

(iv) to
the Escrow Agent, Series A Common Warrants registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to 100% of the number of shares of
Common Stock and Prefunded Warrants set forth on such Purchasers signature page hereto, with an exercise price equal to $0.784,
subject to adjustment therein;

7

(v) to
the Escrow Agent, Series B Common Warrants registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to 100% of the number of shares of
Common Stock and Prefunded Warrants set forth on such Purchasers signature page hereto, with an exercise price equal to $0.98,
subject to adjustment therein;

(vi) to
the Escrow Agent, for each Purchaser of Prefunded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Prefunded Warrant registered in the name of such
Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable
to Prefunded Warrants divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.01, with an exercise price equal to $0.01 per share, subject to
adjustment therein; and

(vii) a
duly executed and delivered Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer, in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Purchasers, the
Placement Agent and its counsel.

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company (including, where noted below, to the
Escrow Agent for the benefit of the Company), the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

(ii) the
Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(iii) to
the Escrow Agent, such Purchasers Subscription Amount.

(c) On
the date hereof (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser or the Placement Agent
the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) the
Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(iii) the
Irrevocable Consent, in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and its counsel, to vote in favor of the Stockholder
Approval (as defined in the Warrants) delivered by stockholders holding 42.9% of the voting capital stock of the Company; and

(iv) the
Escrow Agreement.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific
date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects as of such date);

8

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) and Section 2.2(c) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v) from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude
in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part
hereof and shall qualify any representation made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the
Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities.

9

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted, except where the failure to be so qualified
or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation,
bylaws, operating agreement, or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified
to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business
conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing,
as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or
enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, or financial
condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to
perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do
not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of
incorporation, bylaws, operating agreement, or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default
(or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the
properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar
adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or
other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary
is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals,
conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court
or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant
to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) notices and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the
Securities and the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iii) the
filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively,
the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities; Registration. The Shares and the Warrant Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance
with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by
the Company other than the restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Warrants are duly authorized and, when
issued in accordance with this Agreement, will be validly issued, free and clear of all Liens other than the restrictions on transfer
provided for in the Transaction Documents.

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall
also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof.
The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant
to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees
pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents
outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal,
preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options,
warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common
Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary
is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), the issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue
shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there
are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion,
exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the
Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements
or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares
was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except for the Required Approvals,
no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the
Securities. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements
with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among
any of the Companys stockholders.

11

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements
and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a)
or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation
to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being
collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time
of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC
Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in
the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission
with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except
as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not
contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the
case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as set forth in the SEC Reports or on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development
that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed
in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or
made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase
or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate,
except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential
treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i),
no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist
with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial
condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made
or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

12

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions
set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the
Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject
of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary
duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission
involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other
order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

13

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits,
plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws), (ii) have received
all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses, and
(iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii),
the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such certificates, authorizations or permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating
to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries, and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal,
state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither
delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by
them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights).
None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property
Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the
date of this Agreement, except where such expiration, termination or abandonment would not reasonably be expected to, individually or
in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited
financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual
Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by
another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to
protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

14

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(q), none of the officers or directors of the Company or
any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any
transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the
Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain
a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such
disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules
and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company
and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date,
the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the
conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as
of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such
term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

15

(t) Certain
Fees. Except for fees payable by the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(t), no brokerage or finders fees or commissions
are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no
obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this Section 3.1(t) that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration
Rights. Except as set forth in this Agreement or in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary
to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing
or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The shares of Common Stock are currently eligible for electronic transfer through
The Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to The Depository
Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

16

(y) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, nonpublic information which is not otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and
correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press
releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or
has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth
in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any
offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of
the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the
registration of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading
Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount
that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as
now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the
business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current
cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into
account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts
are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances
which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction
within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured
Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement,
Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade
accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect
of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the
notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary
course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in
accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

17

(bb) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all
foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid
all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports
and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods
subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed
to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such
claim.

(cc) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the
Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is BDO USA, P.C. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered
public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to
be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.

(ee) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, to the knowledge of the Company, each
of the Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the
transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that, to the knowledge of the Company, no Purchaser is acting as a
financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the
Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities.
The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

18

(ff) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(g) and 4.10 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii)
past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to
which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock, and
(iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various
times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the
Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the
value of the existing stockholders' equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted.
The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(gg) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale
or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities,
or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company,
other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

(hh) FDA.
As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S> Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested,
distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical Product),
such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance
with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration, investigational use, premarket
clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product
listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure to be in compliance would not
have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, action (including any
lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, compliant, or investigation) against the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication
from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the
uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical
Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising
or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters
or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges
any violation of any laws, rules or regulation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either individually or in the aggregate,
would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Properties, business and operations of the Company have been and are being conducted in all
material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the
FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced
or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing any product being developed
or proposed to be developed by the Company. 

19

(ii) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with
the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common
Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(jj) Cybersecurity.
Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (i) there has been no material security breach of or
relating to any of the Companys or its Subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software,
data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf
of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data), (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not
been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any material security
breach to its IT Systems and Data, (iii) the Company and its Subsidiaries are presently in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection
of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iv) the Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable
safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security
of all IT Systems and Data, and (v) the Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented commercially reasonable backup and disaster recovery
technology.

(kk) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(ll) U.S. Real Property Holding
Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(mm) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank
or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to
regulation by the Federal Reserve.

20

(nn) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(oo) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby.

(pp) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to each Purchaser as
an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(qq) No
Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities
Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company
participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities,
calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with
the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to any of the Bad
Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event),
except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether
any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure
obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to each Purchaser a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(rr) Other
Covered Persons. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(rr), the Company is not aware of any Person (other than any Issuer Covered Person)
that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of the Purchasers in connection with the sale of
any Securities.

(ss) Notice
of Disqualification Event. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, reasonably be expected to become
a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person, in each case of which it is aware.

21

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which
it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will
constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i)
as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser (i) understands that the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law; (ii) is acquiring the Securities as principal for its, his or her own account; and (iii) has no direct or indirect
arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation
and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to an effective registration statement or otherwise
in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted
securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring such Securities
as principal for his, her or its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof
in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any such Securities
in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings
with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to an
effective registration statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring
the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any
seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(d) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7),
(a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule
144A(a) under the Securities Act.

22

(e) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(f) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement
Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities
nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation
as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired nonpublic information with
respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities to such
Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

(g) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material pricing
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(h) Independent
Advice. Each Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company
to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice.

23

(i) No
Intent to Effect a Change of Control; Ownership. Such Purchaser has no present intent to effect a change of control
of the Company as such term is understood under the rules promulgated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and
under the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations
contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other
document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty,
or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer
Restrictions

(a) The
Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection
with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of
counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities
Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have
obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement.

(b) The
Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following
form:

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAS NOT/HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED
INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

In addition, the
Securities may contain a legend regarding affiliate status of the Purchaser, if applicable.

24

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant
a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured
Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal
opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall
be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation
as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including,
if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the preparation and filing of any required
prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately
amend the list of selling stockholders thereunder.

(c) Subject
to receipt from the applicable Purchaser by the Company and the Transfer Agent of customary representations and other documentation reasonably
acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent (where applicable) in connection therewith, certificates evidencing the Securities shall
not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a registration statement covering the resale
of such security is effective under the Securities Act, or (ii) following any sale of such Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144
(assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or (iii) if such Shares or Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming
cashless exercise of the Warrants) without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required
under Rule 144 as to such Securities and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable
requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The
Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly if required by the Transfer Agent
to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If all or any portion of a Warrant is exercised
at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Warrant Shares, or if such Warrant Shares may be
sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 (assuming cashless
exercise of the Warrants), or if the Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance
with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Warrant Shares, or if such legend is not otherwise required under
applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission)
then such Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following such time as such legend is no longer
required under this Section 4.1(c), the Company will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days, and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer
Agent of a certificate representing Warrant Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal
Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a book entry statement representing such shares that is free from
all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that
enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Warrant Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted
by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company
System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period,
expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on
the date of delivery of a certificate representing Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend.

25

(d) Each
Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities pursuant
to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption
therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution
set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities as set forth
in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

(e) In
addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Shares or Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities
are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1(c), $10 per Trading
Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after the Legend Removal Date) for each Trading Day after the Legend
Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or
cause to be delivered) to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company
by such Purchaser that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser purchases
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of all or any
portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number
of shares of Common Stock that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal
to the excess of such Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any)
for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In
Price) over the product of (A) such number of Shares or Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such
Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during
the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Shares or Warrant Shares (as the
case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this clause (ii).

4.2 Furnishing
of Information; Public Information.

(a) Until
the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired or been exercised in full, the Company
covenants to use its reasonable best efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace
period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not
then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

26

(b) At
any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of
the Securities may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without
restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public
information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or
becomes an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public
Information Failure) then, in addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser,
in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities,
an amount in cash equal to one percent (1.0%) of the Applicable Amount on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth
(30th) day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public
Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the Purchasers to transfer
the Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144. Applicable Amount means the sum of (A) the
Subscription Amount paid by such Holder for the Holders shares of Common Stock and shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded
Warrants purchased by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and held by the Holder on the day of a Public Information Failure
and on every thirtieth (30th) day after such day of a Public Information Failure and (B) the aggregate amount equal to
the product of (a) the difference, if any, of the VWAP (as defined in the Warrant) of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the day of a Public Information Failure minus the Exercise Price (as defined in the Warrant) multiplied by (b) the aggregate
number of Warrant Shares then issuable to the Holder upon the exercise of the Warrants held by the Holder on the day of a Public Information
Failure and on every thirtieth (30th) day after such day of a Public Information Failure. The payments to which a Purchaser
shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.2(b) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments.
Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public
Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise
to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments
in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months)
until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure,
and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of
any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval
is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto,
with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents
to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, nonpublic information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without
limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective
upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under
any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates
on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall
be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult
with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor
any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company,
with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release
of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case
the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with
the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required
by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such
disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice
of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

27

4.5 Stockholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an acquiring person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6 Nonpublic
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its
behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes,
material nonpublic information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information
and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser
shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, nonpublic
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not
have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates
or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade on the basis of,
such material, nonpublic information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice
provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, nonpublic information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on
Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company.

4.7 Use
of Proceeds. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 attached hereto, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the
Securities hereunder for working capital and general corporate purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any
portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior
practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation
or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

28

4.8 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, stockholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, stockholders, agents, members, partners
or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such
title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses,
liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court
costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of
or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations,
warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such
stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which
is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct If any action shall be brought against any
Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the
Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable
to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the
defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i)
the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period
of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material
conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company
shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to
any Purchaser Party under this Agreement for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, or to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser
Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by a Purchaser Party in this Agreement
or the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount
thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred; provided that, if any Purchaser
Party is finally judicially determined not to be entitled to indemnification or payment under this Section 4.8, such Purchaser Party shall
promptly reimburse the Company for any payments that are advanced pursuant to this provision. The indemnity agreements contained herein
shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities
the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9 Reservation
of Common Stock. As of each Closing, the Company will have reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at
all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares
pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.10 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with each Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares
and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market.
The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in
such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and
Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably
necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all material respects with the
Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. For so long as the Company maintains
a listing or quotation of the Common Stock, the Company agrees to use best efforts to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for
electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by
timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic
transfer.

29

4.11 Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(a) From
the date hereof until the later of (i) the 60th day after the Closing Date and (ii) the 30th calendar day after
the Reset Date that applies to the entire Series B Warrant pursuant to section 3.2.1 thereunder , neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto,, or filing a registration statement on Form
S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan.

(b) From
the date hereof until the later of (i) the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date and (ii) six months after the Reset Date that applies
to the entire Series B Warrant pursuant to section 3.2.1, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement
to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units
thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company
(i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right
to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is
based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance
of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future
date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly
related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement,
including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless
of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled;
provided, however, that, after the30thth calendar day after the Reset Date applies to the entire Series B Warrant,
the entry into and/or issuance of shares of Common Stock in an at the market offering shall not be deemed a Variable Rate
Transaction]. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy
shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an
Exempt Issuance.

4.12 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of this Agreement) shall be offered or paid to any Person to
amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered to all of
the parties to this Agreement. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the
Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not
in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities
or otherwise.

30

4.13 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor
any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales
of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules
(other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained
in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty
or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no
Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable
securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to
the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade
in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates,
or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section
4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers
manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions
made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply
with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered
by this Agreement.

4.14 Capital
Changes. Other than the reverse stock split contemplated by Stockholder Approval, until the later of (i) the one year anniversary
of the Closing Date and (ii) that Reset Date that applies to the entire Series B Warrant pursuant to section 3.2.1 thereunder,
the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock split or reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written consent
of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the Shares and Prefunded Warrants other than a reverse stock split that is required,
in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors, to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on the Trading Market.

4.15 Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers
in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers
to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the
Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.16 Form D;
Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and
to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at each Closing under
applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly
upon request of any Purchaser.

31

4.17 Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under
the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to the Transaction
Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the
effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance
may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.18 Nasdaq
Compliance and Reverse Stock Split. The Company will use its best efforts to obtain an extension from Nasdaq to obtain compliance
with the Nasdaq minimum bid deficiency letter dated December 12, 2024. The Company agrees not to effect or announce any share split, share
dividend, share combination, recapitalization, or similar transaction involving their Common Stock until all the shares of Series B Common
Warrants are exercised; however, if a reverse stock split is required to obtain compliance with the Nasdaq minimum bid deficiency, the
Company may effect the reverse stock split.

4.19 Stockholder Approval.
The Company shall hold a special meeting of stockholders (which may also be at the annual meeting of stockholders) at the earliest practicable
date after the date hereof, but in no event later than sixty-five (65) Calendar Days after the Closing Date for the purpose of obtaining
Stockholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Board that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from
its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed
proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company shall file a proxy or information statement, as applicable,
for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, within 10 days of the Closing Date. In the event that the Company fails to file such
proxy or information statement within 10 days of the Closing Date, the Company shall pay to each Purchaser an amount in cash equal to
1% of such Purchasers Subscription Amount per Trading Day until such filing is made. The Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval. The Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K giving notice of obtaining Stockholder
Approval no later than one (1) Trading Day following the time of obtaining Stockholder Approval. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder
Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every 60 days thereafter until the earlier of the date Stockholder Approval
is obtained or these Warrants are no longer outstanding.

ARTICLE V.

ARTICLE VI.

MISCELLANEOUS

6.1 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

32

6.2 Fees
and Expenses. At the Closing, the Company has agreed to reimburse lead Purchaser the non-accountable sum of up to $7,500 for its legal
fees and expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

6.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

6.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a
Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment
at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

6.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed by
the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 67% in interest of the Shares and Prefunded Warrants based on the initial Subscription
Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser), provided, however, that the foregoing does not limit the
ability of an individual Purchaser to waive compliance of a provision by the Company solely with respect to such Purchaser. Notwithstanding
the foregoing or anything herein to the contrary, no amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement effected without
the consent of a Purchaser shall be effective against such Purchaser unless such amendment, termination, or waiver applies to all Purchasers
in the same fashion. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed
to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement
hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.
Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the
Company.

6.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

6.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

33

6.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations, warranties, and covenants
of the Company in this Agreement and the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Purchasers in this Agreement. This Agreement
is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of,
nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

6.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section
4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

6.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closings and the delivery of the Securities.

6.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

6.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

34

6.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission of an exercise
of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice
concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration
of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement
warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

6.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

6.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

6.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

6.17 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The
Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained
in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and
the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

35

5.18 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

6.18
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been
paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due
and payable shall have been canceled.

6.19 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions relating to shares of Common Stock that occur after the date of this
Agreement.

6.20 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY
WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)

36

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. Address for Notice:

By: 

Name: E-Mail:

Title: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP 

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor 

New York, New York 10036

Attention: Ross D. Carmel, Esq 

Email: rcarmel@srfc.law 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGES FOR PURCHASERS FOLLOWS]

37

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE TO SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:
_________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser: _________________________________________

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice):

_________________________________________

Subscription Amount: $_____________________

Shares: ______________________

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares:___________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker
o 4.99% or o 9.99%

Series A Warrant Shares: _______________________ Beneficial Ownership
Blocker o 4.99% or o 9.99%

Series B Warrant Shares: ______________________ Beneficial Ownership
Blocker o 4.99% or o 9.99%

To be paid in immediately available funds

.

EIN Number: ____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained
in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to purchase the securities set forth
in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company to sell such securities
to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur on the
first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but
prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement,
instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an
unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or
the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

38
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023847501ex10-2_safe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Agreement
(this Agreement) is made and entered into as of [____], by and among Safe & Green Holdings Corp.
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the parties signatory hereto (each such purchaser, a Purchaser
and, collectively, the Purchasers).

This Agreement is made pursuant
to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and the Purchasers (the Purchase
Agreement).

The Company and each Purchaser
hereby agrees as follows:

1. Definitions.

Capitalized terms used and
not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the Purchase Agreement.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Advice
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Commission
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Effectiveness
Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, May 30, 2025 (or, in the event
of a full review by the Commission, June 30, 2025), and with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may
be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), the sixtieth (60th) calendar day following the date on which an additional
Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the ninetieth
(90th) calendar day following the date such additional Registration Statement is required
to be filed hereunder); provided, however, that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that one or more
of the above Registration Statements will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness Date
as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified
if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is not a Trading
Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day.

Effectiveness
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Event
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Event
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Filing
Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, April 30, 2025, and, with respect to any
additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), the earliest practical date on which
the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related to the Registrable Securities.

Holder
or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Initial
Registration Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement.

Losses
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Plan of
Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Prospectus
means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously
omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of
any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus,
including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

Registrable
Securities means, as of any date of determination, (i) all Shares and Warrant Shares down to the floor (provided that for purposes
of determining Registrable Securities under this agreement, Warrant Shares shall mean the maximum number of shares issuable
from a full-exercise of the Series A Warrant and a full-exercise of the Series B Warrant pursuant to the Alternative Cashless Exercise)and
(ii) any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with
respect to the foregoing; provided, however, that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and
the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect
thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by
the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective
Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (c) such securities
become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as
set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders
(assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which,
such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any Affiliate of the Company), as reasonably determined by the Company,
upon the advice of counsel to the Company and the Transfer Agent has issued certificates or delivered book-entry statements, as applicable,
for such Registrable Securities to the Holder thereof, or as such Holder may direct, without any restrictive legend.

Registration
Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration
statements contemplated by Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such
registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated
by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement.

Rule 415
means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

SEC Guidance
means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements or requests of the Commission
staff and (ii) the Securities Act.

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the OTC Bulletin Board or the OTC Markets (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

2

2. Shelf Registration.

(a) On
or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of all
of the Registrable Securities that are not then registered on an effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous
basis pursuant to Rule 415. Each Registration Statement filed hereunder shall be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is not then eligible
to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on another appropriate form in
accordance herewith, subject to the provisions of Section 2(e)) and shall contain (unless otherwise directed by the Required Purchasers)
substantially the Plan of Distribution attached hereto as Annex A and substantially the Selling
Stockholder section attached hereto as Annex B; provided, however, that no Holder shall be required to
be named as an underwriter without such Holders express prior written consent. Subject to the terms of this Agreement,
the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed under this Agreement (including, without limitation,
under Section 3(c)) to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but in any event
no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously
effective under the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been
sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) no longer constitute Registrable Securities pursuant to clause (c) of the definition
thereof (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall request effectiveness of a Registration Statement as of 5:00
p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders via e-mail of the effectiveness of a Registration
Statement on the same Trading Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness with the Commission, which shall be the date
requested for effectiveness of such Registration Statement. The Company shall, by 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day after
the effective date of such Registration Statement, file a final Prospectus with the Commission as required by Rule 424. Failure to so
notify the Holder within one (1) Trading Day of such notification of effectiveness or failure to file a final Prospectus as foresaid shall
be deemed an Event under Section 2(d).

(b) If
at any time the staff of the Commission (the Staff) takes the position that the offering of some or all of the Registrable
Securities in the Registration Statement is not eligible to be made on a delayed or continuous basis under the provisions of Rule 415
under the Securities Act or requires any Holder to be named as an underwriter, the Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to persuade the Staff that the offering contemplated by a Registration Statement is a bona fide secondary offering and not an
offering by or on behalf of the issuer as defined in Rule 415 and that none of the Holders is an underwriter.
The Holders shall have the right to participate or have their counsel participate in any meetings or discussions with the Staff regarding
the Staffs position and to comment or have their counsel comment on any written submission made to the Staff with respect thereto.
No such written submission shall be made to the Staff to which counsel to a Holder reasonably objects. In the event that, despite the
Companys reasonable best efforts and compliance with the terms of this Section 2(b), the Staff refuses to alter its position, the
Company shall (i) notify the Holders thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration
Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Commission,
on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering, subject to the provisions
of Section 2(e); with respect to filing on Form S-3 or other appropriate form, and/or (ii) agree to such restrictions and limitations
on the registration and resale of the Registrable Securities as the Staff may require to assure the Companys compliance with the
requirements of Rule 415; provided, however, that the Company shall not agree to name any Holder as an underwriter
in such Registration Statement without the prior written consent of such Holder.

3

(c) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, if the Staff or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities
permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used diligent
efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise
directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration
Statement will be reduced as follows:

a. First,
the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included other than Registrable Securities; and

b. Second,
the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered shares of Registrable Securities
beneficially held by such Holders.

Subject to the payment of liquidated
damages pursuant to Section 2(d) below, in the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least three (3) Trading
Days prior written notice along with the calculations as to such Holders allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial
Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to file with the Commission,
as promptly as allowed by Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration
statements on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale
on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended.

(d) If:
(i) the Initial Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to its Filing Date (if the Company files the Initial Registration Statement
without affording the Holders the opportunity to review (and, with respect to disclosure on such Holder, to comment) on the same as required
by Section 3(a) herein, the Company shall be deemed to have not satisfied this clause (i)), or (ii) the Company fails to file with the
Commission a request for acceleration of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to
the Securities Act, within five (5) Trading Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier)
by the Commission that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review, or (iii)
prior to the effective date of a Registration Statement, the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in
writing to comments made by the Commission in respect of such Registration Statement within twenty (20) calendar days after the receipt
of comments by or notice from the Commission that such amendment is required in order for such Registration Statement to be declared effective,
or (iv) a Registration Statement registering for resale all of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the Commission
by the Effectiveness Date of the Initial Registration Statement, or (v) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration
Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement,
or the Holders are otherwise not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than twenty
(20) consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of thirty (30) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during
any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event, and for purposes of clauses (i) and
(iii), the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded,
and for purpose of clause (v) the date on which such twenty (20) or thirty (30) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded being
referred to as Event Date), then, in addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or under applicable
law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured
by such date) until the applicable Event is cured or, if earlier, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 2.0% multiplied by the aggregate purchase price paid by such Holder pursuant to
the Purchase Agreement, provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to make any payments with respect to Registrable
Securities which may be freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144. The maximum aggregate liquidated damages payable to a Purchaser pursuant
to this Agreement shall be 6.0% of the Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. If the Company fails
to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within ten (10) days after receipt of a written notice that partial
liquidated damages are allegedly payable, unless the Company is disputing the calculation in good faith, the Company will pay interest
thereon at a rate of 15% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing
daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The
partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the
cure of an Event.

4

(e) If
Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale
of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate form and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 as soon
as such form is available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect until
such time as a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission.

(f) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Holder or affiliate of a Holder as any
Underwriter without the prior written consent of such Holder.

3. Registration Procedures.

In connection with the Companys
registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall:

(a) Not
less than five (5) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to the
filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder copies of all such
documents proposed to be filed, which documents will be subject to review by such Holders, and (ii) cause its officers and directors,
counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of
respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Company shall not
file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Holders of a majority of the
Registrable Securities shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing no later
than three (3) Trading Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of a Registration Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the
Holders have been so furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or supplements thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish to
the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex C (a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire)
on a date that is not less than two (2) Trading Days prior to the Filing Date or by the end of the third (3rd)
Trading Day following the date on which such Holder receives draft materials in accordance with this Section. If Holder does not respond
by the third (3rd) Trading Day following the date on which such Holder receives draft
materials, such Holder shall be deemed to have approved of such disclosure.

(b) (i)
Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus
used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable
Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to register
for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented
by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration
Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably possible to the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence
from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall excise any information contained therein
which would constitute material non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (iv) comply in all material
respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable
Securities covered by a Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement) with
the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus
as so supplemented.

5

(c) If
during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock
constituting Registrable Securities then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable,
but in any case prior to the applicable Filing Date, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less
than the number of such Registrable Securities, subject to reduction in accordance with Section 2(b) hereof.

(d) Notify
the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied by
an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible (and,
in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such
notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review
of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to
a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission or
any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional
information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending
the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for
that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption
from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding
for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration
Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement,
Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending
corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company,
makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus; provided,
however, that in no event shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e) Use
its reasonable best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending the
effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the
Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

(f) Furnish
to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including
financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested
by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference)
promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission, provided that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or
successor thereto) need not be furnished in physical form.

(g) Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by
each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any
amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d).

(h) If
requested by a Holder, cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of a book-entry statement representing
Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which book-entry statement representing Registrable
Securities shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Securities Act, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities
to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holder may request.

6

(i) Upon
the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d), as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into account
the Companys good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure
of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to
the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document
so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section
3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders shall
suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed
as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3(i) to suspend the availability
of a Registration Statement and Prospectus, subject to the payment of partial liquidated damages otherwise required pursuant to Section
2(d), for a period not to exceed forty-five (45) calendar days (which need not be consecutive days) in any 12-month period.

(j) Otherwise
use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final Prospectus, including any supplement
or amendment thereof, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Holders in writing if, at
any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof,
the Holders are required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions
as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder.

(k) The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3 (or any successor form thereto) for the registration
of the resale of Registrable Securities.

(l) The
Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by such Holder and the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control over the shares. During any periods that
the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities solely because
any Holder fails to furnish such information within three (3) Trading Days of the Companys request, any liquidated damages that
are accruing at such time as to such Holder only shall be tolled and any Event that may otherwise occur solely because of such delay shall
be suspended as to such Holder only, until such information is delivered to the Company.

4. Registration
Expenses. All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by
the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to
in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees
and expenses of the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the Commission,
(B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, and (C)
in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation,
fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities),
(ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities), (iii) messenger,
telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the
Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred
in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and
expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall
the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any Holder or, except to the extent provided for in the Transaction
Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holders.

7

5. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification
by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the
officers, directors, members, partners, agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles,
notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents
and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such
title or any other title) of each such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and
all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively,
Losses), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in a Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary
prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities
law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent,
but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished
in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such
Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder
expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (it being understood that the
Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose) or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section
3(d)(iii)-(vi), the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such
Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt
by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(c). The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or
assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is
aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified person
and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(f).

(b) Indemnification
by Holders. Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents
and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange
Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary
prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information
so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such Prospectus or (ii)
to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information relates to such Holders information provided in the Selling Stockholder
Questionnaire or the proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such
Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose),
such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of a selling Holder be greater in amount than
the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and
the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such
Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

8

(c) Conduct
of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder
(an Indemnified Party), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the
Indemnifying Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including
the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all reasonable fees and expenses incurred
in connection with defense thereof, provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying
Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have materially
and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

An Indemnified Party
shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses
of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing
to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ
counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to any such Proceeding (including
any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to the Indemnified Party shall reasonably
believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying
Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at
the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and the reasonable
fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party). The Indemnifying Party shall
not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of
any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release
of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding.

Subject to the terms
of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred
in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section) shall be paid
to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten (10) Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party, provided that
the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such actions
for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal
or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder.

(d) Contribution.
If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party
harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions,
statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such
Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including
any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by,
or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge,
access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party
as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys
or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified
for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in accordance with its terms.

9

The parties hereto
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or
by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding
paragraph. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a Holder of Registrable Securities be greater in amount than the dollar amount
of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the amount of any
damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission)
received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

The indemnity and
contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified
Parties.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) Remedies.
In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the
Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery
of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and each Holder agrees that
monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions
of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall
not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(b) Prohibition
on Filing Other Registration Statements. The Company shall not file any other registration statements, other than registration statements
on Form S-8 or Form S-3 pertaining to an At-The-Market Offering, provided, that such Form S-3 registration statement shall not be filed
sooner than five days after the Effective Date, however, no sales of securities may be made under the At-The-Market Offering the later
of the (i) day after the Closing Date and (ii) the thirtieth calendar day after the Reset Date or Permitted Registration Statements, until
all Registrable Securities are registered pursuant to a Registration Statement that is declared effective by the Commission, provided
that this Section 6(b) shall not prohibit the Company from (i) filing amendments to registration statements filed prior to the date of
this Agreement so long as no new securities are registered on any such existing registration statements.

(c) Discontinued
Disposition. By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the
occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through (vi), such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of
such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the Advice) by the Company
that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will use its reasonable
best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company agrees and acknowledges
that any periods during which the Holder is required to discontinue the disposition of the Registrable Securities hereunder shall be subject
to the provisions of Section 2(d).

10

(d) Amendments
and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented,
and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the
Company and Holders of 50.1% or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities, provided that, if any amendment, modification or
waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Holder (or group of Holders) the consent of such disproportionately impacted Holder
(or group of Holders) shall be required. If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a
waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities to be registered for each
Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable Securities
shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof
with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not directly or indirectly affect
the rights of other Holders may be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent
relates; provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented except in
accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6(d). No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to
amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of
the parties to this Agreement.

(e) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered as set forth
in the Purchase Agreement.

(f) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the
parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign their respective
rights hereunder so long as such assignment complies with applicable securities laws.

(g) No
Inconsistent Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would
have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has previously entered into any agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any
of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full.

(h) Execution
and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party,
it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 (e.g., www.docusign.com),
such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with
the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

(i) Governing
Law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted
exclusively in accordance with, the law of the State of New York without giving effect to any conflict of laws.

(j) Cumulative
Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

11

(k) Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(l) Headings.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or
affect any of the provisions hereof.

(m) Independent
Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations
of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Holder
hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Holder
pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind
of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to
such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Holders
are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or transactions.
Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement,
and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of
a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or
decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by
any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Holder,
solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders.

********************

(Signature Pages Follow)

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

13

[SIGNATURE
PAGE OF HOLDERS TO RRA]

Name of Holder: __________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder: __________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: __________________________

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

14

Annex A

Plan of Distribution

The selling stockholders,
which as used herein includes donees, pledgees, assignees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares of common stock
or interests in shares of common stock received after the date of this prospectus from a selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership
distribution or other transfer (the Selling Stockholders), may, from time to time, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose
of any or all of their shares of common stock or interests in shares of common stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility
on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These dispositions may be at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the
time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices.
The Selling Stockholders may use any one or more of the following methods when disposing of their securities or interests therein:

on any national securities exchange or quotation service on
which the securities may be listed or quoted at the time of sale;

in the over-the-counter market;

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which
the broker-dealer solicits purchasers

block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell
the securities as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction

through brokers, dealers or underwriters that may act solely
as agents

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the
broker-dealer for its account

an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the
applicable exchange;

privately negotiated transactions;

delivery of shares in settlement of short sales

in transactions through broker-dealers that agree with the
Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such securities at a stipulated price per security

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging
transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise;

a combination of any such methods of sale; or

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law

The Selling Stockholders may
also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), if available, rather than under this prospectus.

15

Broker-dealers engaged by
the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers, underwriters and other agents
may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities,
from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this prospectus, in the case of an agency
transaction not in excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121; and in the case of a principal transaction
a markup or markdown in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121.

The Selling Stockholders may
from time to time pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the shares of common stock owned by them and the pledgee or other
secured party, transferee or other successor in interest may sell shares of common stock from time to time under this prospectus, or under
a supplement or amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act amending the list
of Selling Stockholders to include the pledgee, secured party, transferee or other successors in interest as Selling Stockholders under
this prospectus. The Selling Stockholders also may transfer the shares of common stock in other circumstances in which case the donees,
pledgees, assignees, transferees or other successors-in-interest may be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus
and may sell such shares of common stock from time to time under this prospectus after an amendment or supplement has been filed under
Rule 424(b)(3) under, or another applicable provision of, the Securities Act, amending, if necessary, the list of Selling Stockholders
to include the donees, pledgees, assignees, transferees or other successors-in-interest as a Selling Stockholder under this prospectus.

Upon being notified in writing
by the Selling Stockholder that any material arrangement has been entered into with a broker-dealer for the sale of shares of common stock
through a block trade, special offering, exchange distribution or secondary distribution or a purchase by a broker or dealer, a supplement
to this prospectus, if required, pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act will be filed, disclosing (i) the name of each such
Selling Stockholder and of the participating broker-dealer(s), (ii) the number of shares of common stock involved, (iii) the price at
which such shares of common stock were sold, (iv) the commissions paid or discounts or concessions allowed to such broker-dealer(s), where
applicable, (v) that such broker-dealer(s) did not conduct any investigation to verify the information set out or incorporated by reference
in this prospectus, if applicable, and (vi) other facts material to the transaction.

The Selling Stockholders also
may transfer the shares of common stock in other circumstances, in which case the donees, pledgees, assignees, transferees or other successors-in-interest
will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus.

In connection with the sale
of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions after the effective date of the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales
of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities short after the
effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and deliver these securities to close out their short
positions, or loan or pledge the securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also
enter into option or other transactions after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part with
broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer
or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution
may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction), including in the short sale transactions.

The Selling Stockholders and
any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning
of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any
profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities
Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding, directly
or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities. Any compensation paid to underwriters, broker-dealers or agents in connection
with the offering of the securities, and any discounts, concessions or commissions allowed by underwriters to participating dealers will
be provided in the applicable prospectus supplement and shall comply with the rules and requirements of the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority.

16

The Company is required to
pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the securities. The Company has agreed to indemnify
the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities to which they may become subject, including liabilities
under the Securities Act.

We agreed to keep this prospectus
effective until the earlier of (i) the date that such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions
and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 and certain other conditions have been satisfied, or (ii) all of the securities
have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect.

There can be no assurance
that any Selling Stockholder will sell any or all of the shares of common stock registered pursuant to the registration statement of which
this prospectus forms a part.

Under applicable rules and
regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously engage in market
making activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement
of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the common stock by the Selling
Stockholders or any other person. Regulation M may also restrict the ability of any person engaged in the distribution of the shares of
common stock to engage in market-making activities with respect to the shares of common stock. All of the foregoing may affect the marketability
of the shares of common stock and the ability of any person or entity to engage in market-making activities with respect to the shares
of common stock.

17

Annex B

SELLING STOCKHOLDERS

The table below lists the
selling stockholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock by each of the selling stockholders.
The second column lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each selling stockholder, based on its ownership of
the shares of common stock, as of ________, 2025.

The third column lists the
shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus by the selling stockholders.

In accordance with the terms
of a registration rights agreement with the selling stockholders, this prospectus generally covers the resale of the number of shares
of common stock issued to the selling stockholders. The third column assumes the sale of all of the shares offered by the selling stockholders
pursuant to this prospectus.

The selling stockholders may
sell all, some or none of their shares in this offering. See "Plan of Distribution."

Name of Selling Stockholder Number of Shares of

Common Stock Owned

Prior to Offering Maximum Number of 

Shares of Common Stock

to be Sold Pursuant to this

Prospectus Number of Shares of

Common Stock Owned

After Offering

18

Annex C

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire

The undersigned beneficial
owner of common stock (the Registrable Securities) of Safe & Green Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) a registration statement (the Registration Statement) for the registration and resale
under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Registrable Securities, in
accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) to which this
document is annexed. A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below.
All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Selling Stockholders are
required to complete and deliver this Questionnaire in order to verify the accuracy of information regarding the Selling Stockholder that
is included in the Registration Statement.

Certain legal consequences
arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial
owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences of being named or
not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

NOTICE

The undersigned beneficial
owner (the Selling Stockholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned
by it in the Registration Statement.

The undersigned hereby provides the following
information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name.

(a) Full Legal Name of Selling Stockholder

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a)
above) through which Registrable Securities are held:

19

(c) Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural
person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

2. Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder:

Telephone:

Contact Person:

3. Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) Are you a broker-dealer?

Yes 
No 

(b) If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable
Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company?

Yes 
No 

Note: If no to Section 3(b), then in accordance with
guidance provided by the Commissions staff, the Company will identify you as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(c) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes 
No 

(d) If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that
you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities
to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes 
No 

Note: If no to Section 3(d), then in accordance with
guidance provided by the Commissions staff, the Company will identify you as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities
of the Company Owned by the Selling Stockholder.

Beneficial ownership
is determined according to rules of the Commission. Securities beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder include not
only securities held in his, her or its name, but also securities over which the Selling Stockholder, directly or indirectly, through
any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote,
or to direct the voting of, such security; and/or, (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition
of, such security. This may include, but is not limited to, securities held for the Selling Stockholder by custodians, brokers, relatives,
executors, administrators or trustees (including trusts in which the person has only a remainder interest) if by reason of contract, relationship,
understanding or arrangement he, she or it obtains benefits substantially equivalent to those of ownership; securities held for the Selling
Stockholders account by a partnership of which the Selling Stockholder is a partner; and securities owned by any corporation which
the Selling Stockholder should regard as a personal holding corporation.

20

Except as set forth below in this
Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the securities issuable
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(a) Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the
Selling Stockholder:

5. Description of Beneficial Ownership:

The rules of the Commission require
that the Registration Statement identify all beneficial owners of the Registrable Securities to be sold by the Selling
Stockholders pursuant to the Registration Statement, including the beneficial owners of other shares of common stock held by such Selling
Stockholders. The beneficial owner is the person that, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship,
or otherwise has or shares (i) voting power which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of, such security, and/or (ii)
investment power which includes the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, such security. Please set out below or as an
attachment a description of the beneficial ownership of your Registrable Securities and any other shares of common stock and convertible
securities, in the form that you wish it to appear in the base prospectus (including the names of and relationships with any indirect
beneficial owners). 

6. Relationships with the Company:

Except as set forth below, neither
the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities
of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or
affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here:

By signing below, the undersigned
consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 6 and the inclusion of such information
in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such
information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related
prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned,
by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized
agent.

Date: Beneficial Owner:

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND
EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO:

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023847501ex99-1_safe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRICING PRESS RELEASE, DATED APRIL 14, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Safe & Green Holdings Corp. Announces
Pricing of Approximately $8.0 Million Private Placement

April 14, 2025

MIAMI, FL, April 14, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Safe & Green Holdings
Corp. (NASDAQ: SGBX) (Safe & Green Holdings or the Company), a leading developer, designer, and fabricator
of modular structures, today announced the pricing of a Private Placement with gross proceeds to the Company expected to be approximately
$8.0 million.

The offering consists of 20,408,160 Common Units (or Pre-Funded Units),
each consisting of (i) one (1) share of Common Stock or one (1) Pre-Funded Warrant, (ii) one (1) Series A Registered Common Warrant to
purchase one (1) share of Common Stock per warrant at an exercise price of $0.784 (the Series A Warrants) and (iii) one
(1) Series B Registered Common Warrant to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock per warrant at an exercise price of $0.98 the Series
B Warrants and together with the Series A Warrants, the Warrants). The public offering price per Common Unit is $0.392
(or $0.3919 for each Pre-Funded Unit, which is equal to the public offering price per Common Unit to be sold in the offering minus an
exercise price of $0.0001 per Pre-Funded Warrant). The Pre-Funded Warrants will be immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any
time until exercised in full. For each Pre-Funded Unit sold in the offering, the number of Common Units in the offering will be decreased
on a one-for-one basis. The initial exercise price of each Series A Warrant is $0.784 per share of Common Stock. The Series A Warrants
are exercisable following stockholder approval and expire sixty (60) months thereafter. The number of securities issuable under the Series
A Warrants is subject to adjustment as described in more detail in the report on the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to be
filed with the SEC in connection with the offering (the 8-K). The initial exercise price of each Series B Warrant is $0.98
per share of Common Stock or pursuant to an alternative cashless exercise option. The Series B Common Warrants are exercisable following
stockholder approval and expire thirty (30) months thereafter. The number of securities issuable under the Series B Warrants is subject
to adjustment as described in more detail in the 8-K.

The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company are expected to be approximately
$8.0 million, before deducting placement agent discounts and expenses. The transaction is expected to close on or about April 14, 2025,
subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The Company expects to use the net proceeds from the offering, together with
its existing cash, for working capital, general corporate purposes and equipment for expansion.

D. Boral Capital is acting as the Exclusive Placement Agent for
the Offering. Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP is acting as counsel to the Company. Lucosky Brookman LLP is acting as counsel to D. Boral
Capital.

The securities described above are being sold in a private placement
transaction not involving a public offering and have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the securities may not be reoffered or resold in the United States except
pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and
such applicable state securities laws. The securities were offered only to accredited investors. Pursuant to a registration rights agreement
with the investors, the Company has agreed to file one or more registration statements with the SEC covering the resale of the Common
Stock and the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants and Warrants.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale
would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Safe & Green Holdings Corp.

Safe & Green Holdings Corp., a leading modular solutions company,
operates under core capabilities which include the development, design, and fabrication of modular structures, meeting the demand for
safe and green solutions across various industries. The firm supports third-party and in-house developers, architects, builders, and owners
in achieving faster execution, greener construction, and buildings of higher value. For more information, visit https://www.safeandgreenholdings.com/
and follow us at @SGHcorp on Twitter.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains statements that may be deemed forward-looking
statements within the meaning of U.S. securities laws, including statements regarding clinical trials, expected operations and
upcoming developments. All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements may be identified by future verbs, as well as terms such as expect potential, anticipating,
planning and similar expressions or the negatives thereof. Such statements are based upon certain assumptions and assessments
made by management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments
and other factors they believe to be appropriate.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>sgbx-20250414.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>sgbx-20250414_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>sgbx-20250414_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38037

Entity Registrant Name SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS
CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001023994

Entity Tax Identification Number 95-4463937

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 990 Biscayne
Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two #501

Entity Address, Address Line Three Office
12

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33132

City Area Code 646

Local Phone Number 240-4235

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01

Trading Symbol SGBX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://safeandgreenholdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0238475-8k_safe.htm 
sgbx-20250414.xsd 
sgbx-20250414_lab.xml 
sgbx-20250414_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-032574-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ea0238475-8k_safe_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001023994 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001023994 
8-K 
2025-04-14 
SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. 
DE 
001-38037 
95-4463937 
990 Biscayne Blvd. 
#501 
Office 12 
Miami 
FL 
33132 
646 
240-4235 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 
SGBX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>