<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-004689.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-004689.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121063118
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-004689
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250117
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trinseo PLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001519061
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS, MATERIALS, SYNTH RESINS & NONVULCAN ELASTOMERS [2821]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			L2
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36473
		FILM NUMBER:		25540369

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		440 EAST SWEDESFORD ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 301
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-240-3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		440 EAST SWEDESFORD ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 301
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Trinseo S.A.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110429

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bain Capital Everest (Luxco 2) S.a r.l.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110426
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm253651d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000151906100-000000000015190612025-01-172025-01-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date
of earliest event reported): January 17, 2025

Trinseo
PLC

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

Ireland 001-36473 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation or organization) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

440
East Swedesford Road, Suite 301

Wayne,
Pennsylvania19087

(Address of principal
executive offices, including zip code)

(610) 240-3200

(Telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading
symbol Name of Exchange on which registered

Ordinary Shares, par value $0.01 per share TSE New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

As previously announced on January
17, 2025 (the Settlement Date), Trinseo PLC (the Company), and certain
of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, consummated a series of transactions contemplated by that certain Transaction Support Agreement
dated December 9, 2024, pursuant to which the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into the following:

Trinseo Holding S. r.l.s (Trinseo Holdings) and Trinseo Materials Finance, Inc. (together with Trinseo
Holdings, the Existing Issuers), each indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company, entered into a supplemental indenture
(the Existing 2029 Notes Supplemental Indenture) to the to the indenture governing the Existing Issuers 5.125% senior
notes due 2029 (the Existing 2029 Notes) with The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, and each of the guarantors of the
Existing 2029 Notes.

Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l. ( Finance SPV) and Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC (together with Finance SPV,
the New Issuers), each indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company, issued new 7.625% Second Lien Senior Secured Notes
due 2029 (the New 2L Notes) pursuant to an indenture, dated as of the Settlement Date (the New 2L Notes Indenture),
by and among the New Issuers, the Company, certain guarantor subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto, The Bank of
New York Mellon, as trustee, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as notes collateral agent.

The Existing Issuers, Trinseo Luxco S. r.l., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Trinseo Luxco), the guarantors
party thereto from time to time, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party
thereto executed a new credit agreement (the OpCo Super-Priority Credit Agreement).

The Existing Issuers, the guarantors party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent
(the OpCo Collateral Agent), and Finance SPV entered into an amendment (the OpCo Credit Agreement Amendment)
to that certain credit agreement, dated as of September 6, 2017, by and among the Existing Issuers, the guarantors party thereto, the
lenders party thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent.

The New Issuers, the Company, Trinseo NA Finance LLC, the lenders party thereto from time to time, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as administrative
agent and collateral agent, amended that certain credit agreement dated September 8, 2023 (such amendment, the 2028 Refinance Credit
Agreement Amendment).

The descriptions of the
Existing 2029 Notes Supplemental Indenture, the New 2L Notes Indenture, the New 2L Notes, the OpCo Super-Priority Credit Agreement,
the OpCo Credit Agreement Amendment and the 2028 Refinance Credit Agreement Amendment included in the Company's Current Report on
Form 8-K dated January 17, 2025 are not complete and are each qualified in their entirety by reference to the complete terms of each
such transaction document, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1, Exhibit 4.2, Exhibit 4.3, Exhibit 10.1, Exhibit 10.2
and Exhibit 10.3, each of which are incorporated herein and therein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

4.1 Seventh
Supplemental Indenture to the indenture dated as of March 24, 2021, by and among Trinseo Holding S. r.l., Trinseo Materials
Finance, Inc., the guarantors named therein, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, dated as of January 17, 2025.

4.2 Indenture
among Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l., Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC, the guarantors named therein, The Bank of New York Mellon,
as trustee, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent, dated as of January 17, 2025.

4.3 Form
of Global Restricted Note due 2029 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2 hereto).

10.1* Credit
Agreement, by and among Trinseo Luxco S. r.l., Trinseo Holding S. r.l., Trinseo
Materials Finance, Inc., Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the guarantors and lenders
party thereto, dated as of January 17, 2025.

10.2* 2025
Incremental Amendment to the Credit Agreement dated September 6, 2017, by and among Trinseo
Luxco S. r.l., Trinseo Holding S. r.l., Trinseo Materials Finance, Inc., Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l., and
Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, collateral agent, L/C issuer and swing line lender, and the guarantors
and lenders party thereto, dated as of January 17, 2025.

10.3* Third
Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of September 8, 2023, by and among Trinseo NA Finance LLC, Trinseo LuxCo Finance SPV S.
r.l., Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC, Trinseo PLC, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, dated January
17, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*Certain schedules, exhibits and similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K and portions of this
exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) of Regulation S-K. The Company will provide a copy of such omitted materials to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

TRINSEO PLC

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Date: January 21, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm253651d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

SEVENTH
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

This SEVENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, (this
Supplemental Indenture) dated as of January 17, 2025, by and among Trinseo Holding S. r.l., a private
limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite) organized and existing under the
laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,
registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register (the RCS) under number B 153.582 (the Company),
Trinseo Materials Finance, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Trinseo Finance and, together with the Company, the
Issuers), the Guarantors (as defined in the Indenture referred to herein) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee
(the Trustee) under the Indenture referred to below.

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
each of Trinseo Finance, Trinseo Materials Operating S.C.A., a partnership limited by shares (socit en commandite
par actions) organized and established under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (which, in connection with the Sixth Supplemental
Indenture referenced herein, converted into a private limited liability company (socit
responsabilit limite) and merged with and into the Issuer on December 13, 2024) (the Predecessor
Issuer) , the Guarantors and the Trustee have heretofore executed and delivered an indenture dated as of March 24, 2021
(as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, including by that certain First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 3,
2021, by and among Altuglas LLC, as Guarantor, Trinseo Finance, the Predecessor Issuer and the Trustee, that certain Second Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of August 27, 2021, by and among Trinseo Services Ireland Limited, as Guarantor, Trinseo Finance, the Predecessor
Issuer and the Trustee, that certain Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 5, 2021, by and among Aristech Surfaces LLC,
as Guarantor, Trinseo Finance, the Predecessor Issuer and the Trustee, that certain Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 20,
2022, by and among Trinseo Ireland Global IHB Limited, as Guarantor, Trinseo Finance, the Predecessor Issuer and the Trustee, that certain
Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 12, 2023, by and among Heathland B.V., as Guarantor, Trinseo Finance, the Predecessor
Issuer and the Trustee, and that certain Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2024, by and among the Predecessor
Issuer, Trinseo Finance, the Company, the Trustee and the Guarantors, the Indenture), providing for the issuance
of $450.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.125% Senior Notes due 2029 (the Initial Notes) (the Initial Notes
and any Additional Notes are collectively referred to as the Notes);

WHEREAS,
Section 9.2 of the Indenture provides that, subject to certain exceptions, any provision of the Indenture may be amended or supplemented,
including to release any Guarantor from its Note Guarantee, with the consent of Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal
amount of the Notes then outstanding (the Requisite Consents);

WHEREAS, the Issuers distributed a Confidential
Offering Memorandum and Consent Solicitation Statement, dated December 16, 2024 (the Offering Memorandum) to
the Holders of the Notes, in order to, among other things, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Offering Memorandum,
solicit consents from the Holders to certain amendments to the Indenture described in the Offering Memorandum (the Proposed
Amendments), including the release of all Guarantors from their Note Guarantees (the Guarantor Release),
in connection with an exchange offer for the Notes (the Exchange Offer);

WHEREAS,
Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes have validly delivered, and not validly revoked, in the
Exchange Offer the Requisite Consents to the adoption of the Proposed Amendments, including the Guarantor Release, effected by this Supplemental
Indenture in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture, as evidenced by the Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee
in connection with this Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS, in accordance with the Indenture, the
Issuers have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel with respect to this Supplemental Indenture and the Issuers have complied
with all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture relating to this Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS, having received the Requisite Consents
pursuant to Section 9.2 of the Indenture, the Trustee, the Issuers and the Guarantors are authorized to execute and deliver this
Supplemental Indenture; and

WHEREAS, the Issuers have requested and hereby
request that the Trustee join them in the execution of this Supplemental Indenture, and all acts and all things necessary to make this
Supplemental Indenture a valid amendment of, and supplement to, the Indenture have been done and performed.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Issuers, the Guarantors and the Trustee
mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1. Defined
Terms. As used in this Supplemental Indenture, terms defined in the Indenture or in the preamble or recitals hereto are used herein
as therein defined. The words herein, hereof and hereby and other words of similar import used
in this Supplemental Indenture refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular section hereof.

ARTICLE II

AMENDMENTS

SECTION 2.1. Amendments.

(a) The
Indenture is hereby amended by deleting the following Sections or clauses of the Indenture and all references and definitions related
thereto in their entirety, except to the extent otherwise provided below, and these Sections and clauses shall be of no further force
and effect, and the words [INTENTIONALLY DELETED] shall be inserted, in each case, in place of the deleted text:

Section 3.2 (Limitation on Indebtedness);

Section 3.3 (Limitation on Restricted Payments);

Section 3.4 (Limitation on Restrictions on Distributions from Restricted Subsidiaries);

Section 3.5 (Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock);

Section 3.6 (Limitation on Liens);

Section 3.7 (Limitation on Guarantees);

Section 3.8 (Limitation on Affiliate Transactions);

Section 3.9 (Change of Control);

Section 3.10 (Reports);

Section 3.12 (Maintenance of Office or Agency);

Section 3.14 (Payment of Taxes);

Section 3.15 (Payment for Consent);

Section 3.16 (Compliance Certificate);

Section 3.17 (Further Instruments and Acts);

Section 3.18 (Conduct of Business);

Section 3.20 (Designation of Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries);

Section 3.21 (Suspension of Certain Covenants);

Section 3.22 (Trinseo Finance);

Clauses (a)(2), (a)(3) and (e)(3)(ii)(B) of Section 4.1 (Merger and Consolidation);

Clauses (3) through (6), inclusive, of Section 6.1 (Events of Default);

Clauses (4) through (7), inclusive, of Section 8.4 (Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance); and

Article X (Guarantee).

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, any termination or release of any Note Guarantee by any Guarantor, and any related documents and filings, including,
but not limited to, any acknowledgements, side-letters, terminations, releases and other agreements, in order to effectuate or evidence
the Guarantor Release shall be permitted under the Indenture. The Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that all of the Note Guarantees
of the Guarantors pursuant to the Indenture or the other Note Documents are automatically released and terminated.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, each of the UnSub Designation Transaction and the incurrence of the OpCo Super-Priority Revolver Facility (each
as defined in the Offering Memorandum) shall be permitted under the Indenture and the other Note Documents.

ARTICLE III

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 3.1. Effectiveness.
This Supplemental Indenture shall become effective immediately upon its execution and delivery by the Issuers, the Guarantors and the
Trustee; provided that the amendments to the Indenture set forth in Article II herein shall not be operative unless and until
the Notes representing the Requisite Consents that are validly tendered and accepted for exchange by the Issuers pursuant to the Exchange
Offer have been paid for in accordance with the terms of the Offering Memorandum.

SECTION 3.2. Successors.
All agreements of the Issuers and the Guarantors in the Indenture, this Supplemental Indenture and the Notes shall bind their successors.
All agreements of the Trustee in the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors.

SECTION 3.3. Parties.
Nothing expressed or mentioned herein is intended or shall be construed to give any Person, firm or corporation, other than the Holders
and the Trustee, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Supplemental Indenture or the Indenture or
any provision herein or therein contained.

SECTION 3.4. Governing
Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE APPLICATION
OF ARTICLES 470-1 TO 470-19 OF THE LUXEMBOURG LAW ON COMMERCIAL COMPANIES DATED AUGUST 10, 1915, AS AMENDED (THE LUXEMBOURG
COMPANIES LAW) ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED. THE PROVISIONS UNDER SECTION 13.10 OF THE INDENTURE IN RESPECT OF SUBMISSION TO
JURISDICTION SHALL APPLY TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE.

SECTION 3.5. Severability.
In case any provision in this Supplemental Indenture shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent
of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability.

SECTION 3.6. Ratification
of Indenture; Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects
ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture
shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall
be bound hereby.

SECTION 3.7. The
Trustee. The Trustee makes no representation or warranty as to the validity, adequacy or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture
or with respect to the recitals or statements contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the other parties hereto, and
the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness.

SECTION 3.8. Counterparts.

(a) The
parties hereto may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together
represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by PDF transmission shall
constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original
Supplemental Indenture for all purposes.

(b) The
exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages that are executed by manual signatures that are scanned,
photocopied or by other electronic signing created on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign) or by digital signing (such as Adobe Sign),
in each case that is approved by the Trustee, shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture for all
purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto that are executed by manual signatures that are scanned, photocopied or by other electronic
signing created on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign) or by digital signing (such as Adobe Sign), in each case that is approved
by the Trustee, shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto
and may be used in lieu of the original.

(c) Anything
in this Supplemental Indenture or the Note to the contrary notwithstanding, for the purposes of the transactions contemplated by this
Supplemental Indenture, the Notes and any document to be signed in connection with the Indenture or the Notes (including the Notes and
amendments, supplements, waivers, consents and other modifications, Officers Certificates, Issuer Orders and Opinions of Counsel
and other issuance, authentication and delivery documents) or the transactions contemplated hereby may be signed by manual signatures
that are scanned, photocopied or other electronic signatures created on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign) or by digital signature
(such as Adobe Sign), in each case that is approved by the Trustee, and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Trustee,
and the keeping of records in electronic form, are hereby authorized, and each shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability
as a manually executed signature in ink or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be.

SECTION 3.9. Headings.
The headings of the Articles and the Sections in this Supplemental Indenture are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed
to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

TRINSEO HOLDING S. R.L.

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Manager

TRINSEO MATERIALS FINANCE, INC.

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer

THE
BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as Trustee

By: /s/ Glenn Kunak

Name: Glenn Kunak

Title: Vice President

TRINSEO (HONG KONG) LIMITED, as a Guarantor

EXECUTED
and DELIVERED as a DEED by TRINSEO (HONG KONG) LIMITED 
and SIGNED by ,

/s/ Stephen (Chin Brown) Leong

[Signature of Director]

Stephen (Chin Brown) Leong

/s/ Martin (Fung) Chan

[Signature of Director]

Martin (Fung) Chan

In the presence of:

/s/ Alice Chong

[Signature of Witness]

Name of Witness: Alice Chong

Address of Witness: [***]

Occupation of Witness: Administrative Specialist

Given under the common seal of

TRINSEO
FINANCE IRELAND UNLIMITED COMPANY, as Guarantor

and delivered as a DEED

/s/ Seamus McCormack

Seamus McCormack

Director

/s/ Cristina Capacchietti

Cristina Capacchietti

Director

TRINSEO HOLDING B.V., as Guarantor

By: /s/ Han Hendricks

Name: Han Hendricks

Title: Managing Director

TRINSEO NETHERLANDS B.V., as Guarantor

/s/ Marius Cornelis van den Eijkel

By: Marius Cornelis van den Eijkel

Title: Director

Executed
and Delivered as a Deed for and

on behalf of TRINSEO HOLDINGS

ASIA PTE. LTD.

By Cai Dongyu, as director
and /s/
Cai Dongyu

Director

In the presence of: 

Sim Bee Leng /s/ Sim Bee Leng

Name: Signature of Witness

TRINSEO EUROPE GMBH, as Guarantor

By: /s/ Arthas (Bing) Yang

Name: Arthas (Bing) Yang

Title: Director

TRINSEO EXPORT GMBH, as Guarantor

By: /s/ Arthas (Bing) Yang

Name: Arthas (Bing) Yang

Title: Director

TRINSEO US HOLDING, INC., as Guarantor

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

TRINSEO LLC, as Guarantor

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

HEATHLAND B.V., as Guarantor

By: /s/ Han Hendricks

Name: Han Hendricks

Title: Managing Director

SIGNED AND DELIVERED as a deed

for and on behalf of

TRINSEO IRELAND GLOBAL IHB LIMITED

by its lawfully appointed attorney 

/s/ Seamus McCormack 

Seamus McCormack 

In the presence of: 

Signature

/s/ Angela Torti 

Witness (Signature) 

Angela Torti 

Print Name 

[***] 

Print Address 

Administrative Specialist 

Witness Occupation 

ARISTECH
SURFACES LLC, as a Guarantor

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

SIGNED AND DELIVERED as a deed

for and on behalf of

TRINSEO SERVICES IRELAND LIMITED

by its lawfully appointed attorney 

/s/ Seamus McCormack 

Seamus McCormack 

In the presence of: 

Signature

/s/ Angela Torti 

Witness (Signature) 

Angela Torti 

Print Name 

[***] 

Print Address 

Administrative Specialist 

Witness Occupation 

SIGNED AND DELIVERED as a deed

for and on behalf of

TRINSEO IRELAND HOLDINGS LIMITED

by its lawfully appointed attorney 

/s/ Seamus McCormack 

Seamus McCormack 

In the presence of: 

Signature

/s/ Angela Torti 

Witness (Signature) 

Angela Torti 

Print Name 

[***] 

Print Address 

Administrative Specialist 

Witness Occupation 

ALTUGLAS
LLC, as a Guarantor

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm253651d1_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV S. R.L.

and

TRINSEO NA FINANCE SPV LLC,

as Issuers,

THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO,

as Guarantors,

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

as Trustee

and

ALTER DOMUS (US) LLC

as Collateral Agent

7.625% Second Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2029

INDENTURE

Dated as of January 17, 2025

Table of Contents

Page

Article I DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 1

Section 1.1. Definitions 1

Section 1.2. Other Definitions 30

Section 1.3. Rules of Construction 30

Article II THE NOTES 32

Section 2.1. Form, Dating and Terms 32

Section 2.2. Execution and Authentication 40

Section 2.3. Registrar and Paying Agent 41

Section 2.4. Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust 41

Section 2.5. Holder Lists 41

Section 2.6. Transfer and Exchange 42

Section 2.7. Form of Certificate to Be Delivered upon Termination of Restricted Period 45

Section 2.8. Form of Certificate to Be Delivered in Connection with Transfers to IAIs 46

Section 2.9. Form of Certificate to Be Delivered in Connection with Transfers Pursuant to Regulation S 47

Section 2.10. Form of Certificate to Be Delivered in Connection with Transfers to AIs 48

Section 2.11. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 50

Section 2.12. Outstanding Notes 50

Section 2.13. Temporary Notes 51

Section 2.14. Cancellation 51

Section 2.15. Payment of Interest; Defaulted Interest 51

Section 2.16. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers 53

Article III AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 53

Section 3.1. Payment of Notes 53

Section 3.2. Reports 55

Section 3.3. Maintenance of Office or Agency 56

Section 3.4. Corporate Existence 57

Section 3.5. Payment of Taxes 57

Section 3.6. Payments for Consent 57

Section 3.7. Compliance Certificate 57

Section 3.8. Statement by Officers as to Default 57

Section 3.9. Additional Collateral 57

Section 3.10. Further Assurances 58

Article IV NEGATIVE COVENANTS 58

Section 4.1. Liens 58

Section 4.2. Indebtedness 61

Section 4.3. Subsidiaries 64

Section 4.4. Fundamental Changes 64

Section 4.5. Dispositions 64

Section 4.6. Restricted Payments 65

Section 4.7. Certain Undertakings Relating to Separateness 66

Section 4.8. Transactions with Affiliates 67

Section 4.9. Burdensome Agreements 68

Section 4.10. Americas Styrenics 68

Section 4.11. OpCo Credit Agreement 68

Section 4.12. Accounting Changes 68

Section 4.13. Conduct of Business 68

-i- 

Section 4.14. Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness 68

Section 4.15. Specified IP Covenant. 69

Article V REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES 69

Section 5.1. Notices to Trustee 69

Section 5.2. Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed or Purchased 70

Section 5.3. Notice of Redemption 70

Section 5.4. Effect of Notice of Redemption 71

Section 5.5. Deposit of Redemption or Purchase Price 71

Section 5.6. Notes Redeemed or Purchased in Part 72

Section 5.7. Optional Redemption 72

Section 5.8. Mandatory Redemption 72

Section 5.9. Tax Redemption 73

Article VI DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 74

Section 6.1. Events of Default 74

Section 6.2. Acceleration 76

Section 6.3. Other Remedies 77

Section 6.4. Waiver of Past Defaults 77

Section 6.5. Control by Majority 77

Section 6.6. Limitation on Suits 77

Section 6.7. Rights of Holders to Receive Payment 78

Section 6.8. Collection Suit by Trustee 78

Section 6.9. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 78

Section 6.10. Priorities 79

Section 6.11. Undertaking for Costs 79

Article VII TRUSTEE 79

Section 7.1. Duties of Trustee 79

Section 7.2. Rights of Trustee 80

Section 7.3. Individual Rights of Trustee 81

Section 7.4. Trustees Disclaimer 81

Section 7.5. Notice of Defaults 82

Section 7.6. Reports by Trustee to Holders 82

Section 7.7. Compensation and Indemnity 82

Section 7.8. Replacement of Trustee 83

Section 7.9. Successor Trustee by Merger 84

Section 7.10. Eligibility; Disqualification 84

Section 7.11. Preferential Collection of Claims Against the Issuers 84

Section 7.12. FATCA Withholding 84

Section 7.13. Trustees Application for Instruction from the Issuers 84

Article VIII COLLATERAL and SECURITY 85

Section 8.1. Security Interest; Collateral Agent 85

Section 8.2. Authorization of Actions to be Taken by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent under the Collateral Documents 88

Section 8.3. Authorization of Receipt of Funds by the Trustee under the Collateral Documents 89

Section 8.4. Termination of Security Interest; Release of Collateral 89

Section 8.5. Maintenance of Collateral 91

Section 8.6. Collateral Agent; Collateral Documents 91

Section 8.7. Appointment of Supplemental Collateral Agents. 92

Section 8.8. Replacement of Collateral Agent 92

Section 8.9. Acceptance by Collateral Agent 93

Section 8.10. Powers Exercisable by Receiver or Trustee 93

-ii- 

Article IX LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE 93

Section 9.1. Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance; Defeasance 93

Section 9.2. Legal Defeasance and Discharge 93

Section 9.3. Covenant Defeasance 94

Section 9.4. Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance 94

Section 9.5. Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions 95

Section 9.6. Repayment to the Issuers 96

Section 9.7. Reinstatement 96

Article X AMENDMENTS 96

Section 10.1. Without Consent of Holders 96

Section 10.2. With Consent of Holders 97

Section 10.3. Revocation and Effect of Consents and Waivers 100

Section 10.4. Notation on or Exchange of Notes 100

Section 10.5. Trustee to Sign Amendments 101

Article XI GUARANTEE 101

Section 11.1. Guarantee 101

Section 11.2. Limitation on Liability; Termination, Release and Discharge 102

Section 11.3. Right of Contribution 103

Section 11.4. No Subrogation 103

Section 11.5. Execution of Supplemental Indenture for Future Guarantors 104

Article XII SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 104

Section 12.1. Satisfaction and Discharge 104

Section 12.2. Application of Trust Money 105

Article XIII MISCELLANEOUS 105

Section 13.1. Notices 105

Section 13.2. Communication by Holders with Other Holders 107

Section 13.3. Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent 107

Section 13.4. Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion 107

Section 13.5. When Notes Disregarded 108

Section 13.6. Rules by Trustee, Paying Agent and Registrar 108

Section 13.7. Legal Holidays 108

Section 13.8. Governing Law 108

Section 13.9. Jurisdiction 108

Section 13.10. Waivers of Jury Trial 108

Section 13.11. USA PATRIOT Act 108

Section 13.12. No Recourse Against Others 109

Section 13.13. Successors 109

Section 13.14. Multiple Originals 109

Section 13.15. Table of Contents; Headings 109

Section 13.16. Force Majeure 109

Section 13.17. Severability 109

Section 13.18. Agent for Service of Process 109

Section 13.19. Waiver of Immunities 109

Section 13.20. Currency Indemnity 109

Section 13.21. U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment 110

Section 13.22. Office of Foreign Asset Control Sanctions Representation. 110

-iii- 

SCHEDULE I Foreign Guarantee Limitations

SCHEDULE II Triggering Events

EXHIBIT A Form of Global Restricted Note

EXHIBIT B Form of Supplemental Indenture to Add Guarantors

-iv- 

SECOND LIEN INDENTURE dated
as of January 17, 2025, among TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV S. R.L., a private limited liability
company (socit responsabilit limite) organized and existing under the laws of the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,
registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under number B279526 (the Company), TRINSEO
NA FINANCE SPV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Trinseo Finance and, together with the Company, the Issuers),
the Guarantors (as defined herein) from time to time party hereto, THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee)
and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent).

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, the Issuers have
duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture to provide for the issuance of their $379,494,400 aggregate principal amount
of 7.625% Second Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2029, issued on the date hereof (the Initial Notes) (the Initial Notes
and any Additional Notes are collectively referred to as the Notes);

WHEREAS, the Issuers have
duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture; and

WHEREAS, all things necessary
(i) to make the Notes, when executed and duly issued by the Issuers and authenticated and delivered hereunder, the valid obligations
of the Issuers and (ii) to make this Indenture a valid agreement of the Issuers have been done.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the purchase of the Notes by the Holders thereof, it is mutually covenanted and agreed, for the equal and proportionate
benefit of all Holders, as follows:

Article I

DEFINITIONS
AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

Section 1.1. Definitions

2025
Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, by and among Deutsche Bank
AG New York Branch, as the administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders under the Superpriority RCF Credit Agreement, the
collateral agent under the OpCo Credit Agreement, Alter Domus (US) LLC in its capacity as collateral agent under the Super HoldCo Credit
Agreement and the Collateral Agent (which shall be in form substance reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Supporting Noteholders
under, and as defined in, the Transaction Support Agreement), as amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to
time.

2025 Transaction
Support Agreement means that certain Transaction Support Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2024, by and among Trinseo
PLC, certain Subsidiaries of Trinseo PLC party thereto and the Supporting Creditors (as defined therein) party thereto from time to time.

2025 Transactions
means Transactions as defined in the 2025 Transaction Support Agreement.

Additional Notes
means additional Notes (other than the Initial Notes) issued under this Indenture in accordance with Section 2.1 hereof.

Affiliate
of any specified Person means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common
control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to any Person
means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings
correlative to the foregoing.

AI means
an accredited investor as described in Rule 501(a)(4) under the Securities Act.

Altuglas
means Altuglas LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Altuglas IP License
Agreement has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified IP License Agreements.

Amended and Restated
Specified IP License Agreements means, collectively, (i) the Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement dated
January 17, 2025, entered into between Trinseo Europe, as licensor, and Altuglas, as licensee, which amends and replaces the Altuglas
IP License Agreement and (ii) the Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement dated January 17, 2025, entered into
between Trinseo Europe, as licensor, and Aristech, as licensee, which amends and replaces the Aristech IP License Agreement.

Americas Styrenics means
Americas Styrenics LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Anti-Corruption Laws means
all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption applicable to
Trinseo PLC or its Subsidiaries by virtue of such Person being organized or operating in such jurisdiction.

Applicable Premium
means with respect to a Note the greater of (A) 1.0% of the principal amount of such Note and (B) on any redemption date, the
excess (to the extent positive) of:

(a) the
present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of such Note at January 17, 2026 (such redemption price
(expressed in percentage of principal amount) being set forth in the table under Section 5.7(b) (excluding accrued but
unpaid interest)) plus (ii) all required interest payments due on such Note to and including such date set forth in clause (i) (excluding
accrued but unpaid interest), computed upon the redemption date using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate at such redemption date
plus 50 basis points; over

(b) the
then outstanding principal amount of such Note at such redemption date;

in each case, as calculated by the Issuers or
on behalf of the Issuers by such Person as the Issuers shall designate; provided, that such calculation shall not be the duty
or obligation of the Trustee.

Approved Bank
has the meaning provided in clause (3) of the definition of Cash Equivalents.

Aristech
means Aristech Surfaces LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company.

Aristech IP License
Agreement has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified IP License Agreements.

Associate
means (i) any Person of which the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries are the legal and beneficial owners of between 20% and
50% of all outstanding Voting Stock and (ii) any joint venture entered into by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company.

Attributable Indebtedness
means, on any date, in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance
sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP.

Bankruptcy Law
means Title 11 of the United States Code or similar federal, state or foreign law for the relief of debtors.

Board of Directors
means (1) with respect to any corporation or limited liability company, the board of directors or managers, as applicable, of the
corporation or the limited liability company, or any duly authorized committee thereof; (2) with respect to any partnership, the
board of directors or other governing body of the general partner of the partnership or any duly authorized committee thereof; and (3) with
respect to any other Person, the board or any duly authorized committee of such Person serving a similar function. Whenever any provision
requires any action or determination to be made by, or any approval of, a Board of Directors, such action, determination or approval
shall be deemed to have been taken or made if approved by a majority of the directors on any such Board of Directors (whether or not
such action or approval is taken as part of a formal board meeting or as a formal board approval).

-2- 

Board Resolution
means a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or equivalent) of a Person to have been duly adopted
by the Board of Directors of such Person and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee.

Business Day
means each day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in New York, New York, United States or Place
of Payment are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.

Capital Stock
of any Person means any and all shares of, rights to purchase, warrants, options or depositary receipts for, or other equivalents of
or partnership or other interests in (however designated), equity of such Person, including any Preferred Stock, but excluding any debt
securities convertible into such equity.

Capitalized Lease
Obligations means, at the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a finance
lease that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes
thereto) prepared in accordance with GAAP; provided that Capitalized Lease Obligations shall, for the avoidance of doubt, exclude
all Non-Finance Lease Obligations.

Cash Equivalents
means any of the following types of Investments:

(1) Dollars
held by the Note Parties from time to time in the ordinary course of business;

(2) readily
marketable obligations issued or directly and fully Guaranteed or insured by the United States government or, in each case, any agency
or instrumentality of thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of such country or such member state is pledged in support thereof),
having maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition;

(3) certificates
of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers acceptances issued by any commercial bank
or trust company bank that is organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the
principal banking Subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District
of Columbia and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, and (b) has combined capital and surplus in excess of $100,000,000 (any
such Persons being an Approved Bank), in each case with maturities not exceeding 24 months from the date of acquisition
thereof;

(4) repurchase
obligations for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (b) and (c) entered into with any Approved Bank;

(5) commercial
paper and variable or fixed rate notes rated at the time of acquisition thereof at least A-2 (or the equivalent thereof
by S&P) or P-2 (or the equivalent thereof by Moodys) or carrying an equivalent rating by a Nationally Recognized
Statistical Rating Organization (if both of the two named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of investments) or, if no rating is
available in respect of the commercial paper, the issuer of which has an equivalent rating in respect of its long-term debt, and in any
case maturing within 24 months after the date of acquisition thereof;

(6) readily
marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States of America having an investment grade
rating from either Moodys or S&P (or, if at the time, neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another
Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) with maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition;

-3- 

(7) bills
of exchange issued in the United States eligible for rediscount at the relevant central bank and accepted by a bank (or any dematerialized
equivalent); and

(8) Investments
with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated AAA (or the equivalent thereof)
or better by S&P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moodys.

Cash Management
Practices means (a) the ordinary course cash management practices of Trinseo Holdings and its Subsidiaries as in effect
prior to the Issue Date, including with respect to the ordinary course cash management practices related to the funding, sweeping or
transferring of cash in accordance with that certain Amended and Restated Cash Pooling Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2023 and effective
as of December 31, 2022 and (b) capital contributions made by or to Trinseo Holdings and its Subsidiaries to satisfy minimum
capitalization or solvency requirements under local law, provided that such contribution must be made for legitimate business purposes
and not made for the purposes of adversely affecting the credit position of the Holders.

Cash Management
Services means any of the following to the extent not constituting a line of credit (other than an overnight draft facility
that is not in default): ACH transactions, treasury and/or cash management services, including, without limitation, controlled disbursement
services, electronic funds transfer services, overdraft facilities, credit card processing or credit or debit card, purchase card, foreign
exchange facilities, deposit and other accounts and merchant services.

Change of Control
means:

(1) the
Company becomes aware of (by way of a report or any other filing pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy, vote,
written notice or otherwise) any person or group of related persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the Issue Date), other than one or more Permitted Holders, is or becomes the beneficial
owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the Issue Date), directly or indirectly,
of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Company unless the Permitted Holders have, at such time, the right
or ability by voting power, contract or otherwise to elect or designate for election at least a majority of the Board of Directors of
the Company; or

(2) the
sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction),
in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, to a Person, other than a Restricted Subsidiary or one or more Permitted Holders.

Clearstream
means Clearstream Banking, S.A. or any successor securities clearing agency.

Code
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Collateral
has the meaning ascribed to it in the Security Agreement.

Collateral Agent
has the meaning ascribed to it in the introductory paragraph of this Indenture.

Collateral Agent
Fee Letter means that certain fee letter, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Collateral Agent and the Issuers.

Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement means, at any time, the requirement that:

(1) on the Issue Date, the Collateral Agent shall have received each Collateral Document to the
extent required to be delivered on the Issue Date (other than (x) the Trinseo Europe Security Documents, which shall be delivered within
one (1) Business Day after delivery of the Trinseo Europe Security Documents (as defined in, the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement)
in accordance with Exhibit D to the 2025 Incremental Amendment (as defined in the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement), (y) the German Security
Documents, which shall be delivered within one (1) Business Day after delivery of the German Security Documents (as defined
in, the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement) in accordance with Exhibit D to the 2025 Incremental Amendment (as defined in the Super HoldCo
Credit Agreement), and (z) the Luxembourg Receivables Pledge Agreement and the Trinseo PLC Luxembourg Share Pledge Agreement, which in
each case shall be delivered within one (1) Business Day after the Issue Date), in each case subject to the limitations and exceptions
of this Indenture, duly executed by each Note Party thereto;

-4- 

(2) subject
to the Intercreditor Agreements, the Obligations shall have been secured by a security interest in all the Equity Interests of the Issuers;

(3) subject
to the Intercreditor Agreements, the Obligations shall have been secured by a perfected security interest in, and Mortgages on, substantially
all tangible and intangible assets of the Issuers and each Guarantor (including the Intercompany Parent Note, the Intercompany Note,
other intercompany debt, accounts, inventory, equipment, investment property, contract rights, securities, patents, trademarks, other
Intellectual Property, other general intangibles, cash, bank and securities deposit accounts, Real Property and proceeds of the foregoing),
in each case, subject to exceptions and limitations otherwise set forth in this Indenture and the Collateral Documents (to the extent
appropriate in the applicable jurisdiction);

(4) subject
to limitations and exceptions of this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreements and the Collateral Documents, to the extent a security
interest in and Mortgages on any Real Property is required under Section 3.9 or Section 3.10 (each, a Mortgaged
Property), the Collateral Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of a Mortgage with respect to such Mortgaged Property
duly executed and delivered by the record owner of such property in form suitable for filing or recording in all filing or recording
offices that are necessary or desirable in order to create a valid and subsisting perfected Lien on the property and/or rights described
therein in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders, and evidence that all filing and recording taxes,
stamp duty and fees have been paid or otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Holders (it being understood
that if a mortgage tax or notary fee or registration fee or other similar tax will be owed or calculated on the entire amount of the
indebtedness evidenced hereby, then the amount secured by the Mortgage shall be limited to 100% of the fair market value of the property
at the time the Mortgage is entered into if such limitation results in such mortgage tax being calculated based upon such fair market
value), (ii) other than with respect to Mortgaged Properties located in Luxembourg and any other jurisdiction, as reasonably determined
by the Company, in which title insurance is not customary, fully paid policies of title insurance (or marked-up title insurance commitments
having the effect of policies of title insurance) on the Mortgaged Property that is owned in fee by the applicable Note Party (the Mortgage
Policies) issued by a title insurance company reasonably acceptable to the Holders in form and substance and in an amount
reasonably acceptable to the Holders (not to exceed 100% of the fair market value of the real properties covered thereby), insuring the
Mortgages to be valid subsisting Liens on the property described therein, free and clear of all Liens other than Liens permitted pursuant
to Section 4.1 and other Liens reasonably acceptable to the Holders each of which shall (A) to the extent reasonably necessary,
include such reinsurance arrangements (with provisions for direct access, if reasonably necessary) as shall be reasonably acceptable
to the Holders, (B) contain a tie-in or cluster endorsement, if available under applicable law (i.e.,
policies which insure against losses regardless of location or allocated value of the insured property up to a stated maximum coverage
amount) and (C) have been supplemented by such endorsements (or where such endorsements are not available, opinions of special counsel,
architects or other professionals reasonably acceptable to the Holders) as shall be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent (acting
at the written direction of the Required Holders) (which may include endorsements on matters relating to usury, first loss, last dollar,
zoning, contiguity, revolving credit, doing business, non-imputation public road access, variable rate, environmental lien, subdivision,
mortgage recording tax, separate tax lot, and so-called comprehensive coverage over covenants and restrictions, in each case only if
available after the applicable Note Party uses commercially reasonable efforts), (iii) customary legal opinions (as determined with
reference to any applicable jurisdiction), addressed to the Collateral Agent and the Holders, reasonably acceptable to the Holders, and
(iv) a completed life of the loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination with respect
to each U.S. Mortgaged Property and, to the extent required, duly executed and acknowledged by the appropriate Note Parties and evidence
of flood insurance, in the event any improved parcel of U.S. Mortgaged Property is located in a special flood hazard area, which evidence
shall comply with the Flood Laws and be otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Holders;

(5) each
deposit account or other bank account or securities account of the Borrowers (other than any deposit account maintained by the Company
in Luxembourg strictly for administrative purposes with cash balance at the end of any day not to exceed the greater of $0 and such minimum
amount as required to be maintained by the Luxembourg banking institution) be subject to a Control Agreement.

-5- 

Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this definition or anything in this Indenture or any other Note Document to the contrary:

(1) The
foregoing definition shall not require and the Note Documents shall not contain any requirements as to the creation or perfection of
pledges of, security interests in, Mortgages on, or the obtaining of title insurance, surveys, abstracts or appraisals or taking other
actions with respect to, Excluded Assets;

(2) Subject
to the Intercreditor Agreements, the Collateral Agent (acting at the written direction of the Required Holders) may grant extensions
of time for the creation or perfection of security interests in, and Mortgages on, or obtaining of title insurance or taking other actions
with respect to, particular assets (including extensions beyond the Issue Date) or any other compliance with the requirements of this
definition where the Holders reasonably determine, in consultation with the Company, that the creation or perfection of security interests
in, and Mortgages on, or obtaining of title insurance or taking other actions, or any other compliance with the requirements of this
definition cannot be accomplished without undue delay, burden or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required
by this Indenture or the Collateral Documents; and

(3) Liens
required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be subject to exceptions and limitations
set forth in this Indenture and the Collateral Documents.

Collateral Documents
means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Foreign Guaranty, the U.S. Security Agreement For Foreign Guarantors, the Trinseo Europe
Security Documents, the Intercreditor Agreements, the Luxembourg Receivables Pledge Agreement, the Intercompany Parent Note and accompanying
allonge, any Intercompany Note and accompanying allonge, each Control Agreement, each of the Mortgages, each of the local law security
and pledge agreements entered into by the Foreign Guarantors from time to time (including the German Security Documents), collateral
assignments, security agreements, pledge agreements, deeds of hypothecs, bonds, bond pledge agreements or other similar agreements delivered
to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 3.9 or Section 3.10, the Trinseo PLC Luxembourg Share Pledge Agreement,
the Collateral Agent Fee Letter, and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien
in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Holders.

Company
has the meaning ascribed to it in the introductory paragraph of this Indenture and shall include any successor.

Consolidated Taxes
means, if and for so long as the Company is a member of a group filing a consolidated or combined tax return with any common parent of
such group, any Taxes measured by income for which such common parent is liable up to an amount not to exceed with respect to such Taxes
the amount of any such Taxes that the Company and its Subsidiaries would have been required to pay on a separate company basis or on
a consolidated basis if the Company and its Subsidiaries had paid tax on a consolidated, combined, group, affiliated or unitary basis
on behalf of an affiliated group consisting only of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Contingent Obligations
means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, any operating
lease, dividend or other obligation that does not constitute Indebtedness (primary obligations) of any other Person
(the primary obligor), including any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent:

(1) to
purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor;

(2) to
advance or supply funds:

(a) for
the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation; or

-6- 

(b) to
maintain the working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary
obligor; or

(3) to
purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability
of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof.

Control Agreement
means, with respect to any deposit account or any securities account, an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Collateral Agent, by and among the Collateral Agent, the financial institution or other Person at which such account is maintained
and the Note Party maintaining such account, effective to grant control (as defined under the applicable UCC) over such
account to the Collateral Agent.

Corporate Trust
Office means the office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be principally administered,
which office at the date of the execution of this Indenture is located at the address specified in Section 13.1 hereof, or
such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Issuers, or the principal corporate trust office of
any successor Trustee (or such other address as such successor Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Issuers).

Credit Agreements
means the OpCo Credit Agreement, the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement and the Superpriority RCF Credit Agreement.

Credit Facility
means, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, one or more debt facilities, indentures or other arrangements (including,
without limitation, the debt facilities subject to the Credit Agreements or commercial paper facilities and overdraft facilities) with
banks, other financial institutions or investors providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, notes, receivables financing (including
through the sale of receivables to such institutions or to special purpose entities formed to borrow from such institutions against such
receivables), letters of credit or other Indebtedness, in each case, as amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced, restructured,
refinanced, repaid, increased or extended in whole or in part from time to time (and whether in whole or in part and whether or not with
the original administrative agent and lenders or another administrative agent or agents or other banks or institutions and whether provided
under the original credit agreement or one or more other credit or other agreements, indentures, financing agreements or otherwise) and
in each case including all agreements, instruments and documents executed and delivered pursuant to or in connection with the foregoing
(including any notes, any letters of credit and reimbursement obligations issued pursuant thereto and any Guarantee and collateral agreement,
patent and trademark security agreement, mortgages or letter of credit applications and other Guarantees, pledges, agreements, security
agreements and collateral documents). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Credit Facility shall
include any agreement or instrument (1) changing the maturity of any Indebtedness Incurred thereunder or contemplated thereby, (2) adding
Subsidiaries of the Company as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder, (3) increasing the amount of Indebtedness Incurred
thereunder or available to be borrowed thereunder or (4) otherwise altering the terms and conditions thereof.

Custodian
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator, custodian, judicial manager or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Default
means any event that is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would be, an Event of Default; provided that
any Default that results solely from the taking of an action that would have been permitted but for the continuation of a previous Default
will be deemed to be cured if such previous Default is cured prior to becoming an Event of Default.

Definitive Notes
means certificated Notes.

Designated Preferred
Stock means, with respect to the Company, Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) (a) that is issued for cash
(other than to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Company or
any such Subsidiary for the benefit of their employees to the extent funded by the Company or such Subsidiary) and (b) that is designated
as Designated Preferred Stock pursuant to an Officers Certificate of the Company at or prior to the issuance thereof.

-7- 

DIP Financing
means financing under Section 363 or Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable Bankruptcy Law.

Disposition
or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction
and any sale or issuance of Equity Interests of a Note Party) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer
or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith; provided
that the issuance of Equity Interests by Trinseo PLC shall not constitute a Disposition by Trinseo PLC.

Disqualified Stock
means, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person which by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it
is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event:

(1) matures
or is mandatorily redeemable for cash or in exchange for Indebtedness pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise; or

(2) is
or may become (in accordance with its terms) upon the occurrence of certain events or otherwise redeemable or repurchasable for cash
or in exchange for Indebtedness at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock in whole or in part,

in each case on or prior
to the earlier of (a) the Stated Maturity of the Notes or (b) the date on which there are no Notes outstanding; provided,
however, that only the portion of Capital Stock which so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable
or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date will be deemed to be Disqualified Stock; provided,
however, that if such Capital Stock is issued to any plan for the benefit of current, former or future employees, directors, officers,
members of management or consultants of the Company or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, directors, officers, members
of management or consultants, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased
by the Company or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employees,
directors, officers, members of management or consultants death or disability.

Dollars
or $ means the lawful money of the United States of America.

Domestic Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person other than a Foreign Subsidiary.

Equity Interests
means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares, interests, rights, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of
capital stock or share capital of (or other ownership or profit interests or units in) share premium such Person and all of the warrants,
options or other rights for the purchase, acquisition or exchange from such Person of any of the foregoing (including through convertible
securities).

DTC
means The Depository Trust Company or any successor securities clearing agency.

Electronic Means
shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords
and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for use in connection
with its services hereunder.

Equity Offering
means (x) any public or private sale of Capital Stock of the Company (other than Disqualified Stock) other than offerings registered
on Form S-4 or S-8 (or any successor form) under the Securities Act or any similar offering in other jurisdictions or (y) the
sale of Capital Stock or other securities of any Parent.

Euroclear
means Euroclear Bank SA/NV or any successor securities clearing agency.

Exchange Act
means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, as
amended.

-8- 

Existing German
Security Trust Agreement means the German law governed security trust agreement originally dated 2 February 2024 entered
into between, among others, Alter Domus (US) LLC as collateral agent and the debtors named therein.

Excluded Asset means (i) a
direct pledge of the JV Interests so long as such direct pledge would require consent of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LP and only
to the extent and for so long as consent requirement is in effect; provided that proceeds and products of the JV Interests do
not constitute Excluded Assets and shall constitute Collateral and (ii) the Equity Interests that Trinseo PLC owns in Trinseo Holdings.

Fair Market Value
means with respect to the JV Interests, the fair market value as determined by the board of managers of Trinseo Finance in good faith
based on a valuation report prepared by an independent and unaffiliated third party valuation firm and dated within two weeks of signing
of the JV Sale (or such later date as reasonably agreed to by the Trustee (acting at the written direction of the Required Holders; provided
that such direction shall be deemed to be given hereunder if consented to or approved by the agent under the Super Holdco Credit
Agreement)), which report shall be delivered to the Trustee; provided that if Trinseo Finance receives three or more bona fide
bids from potential buyers in connection with the JV Sale process there shall be no requirement for an unaffiliated third party valuation.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Issue Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable
and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future Treasury regulations or official administrative interpretations
thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to current Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code (or any amended or successor version
described above) and any intergovernmental agreements implementing the foregoing (together with any Laws implementing such agreements).

Flood Laws
means collectively, (i) National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively revised the National Flood Insurance
Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973) as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the
Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (iii) the Biggert-Waters Flood
Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto.

Foreign Guarantors
means, collectively, (a) Taiwan Trinseo Limited, (b) PT Trinseo Materials Indonesia and PT Trinseo Operating Indonesia, (c) Trinseo
Belgium BV and Trinseo Operating Belgium B.V., (d) Trinseo Deutschland GmbH, Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH, Trinseo
Deutschland RE GP GmbH and Trinseo Deutschland RE GmbH & Co. KG and (e) Trinseo Europe.

Foreign Guaranty
means that certain Guaranty, dated as of the Issue Date, by the Foreign Guarantors in favor of the Trustee and the Collateral Agent,
as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and this Indenture.

Foreign Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person that is not organized or existing under the laws of the United States,
any state thereof or the District of Columbia and any Subsidiary of such Subsidiary.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time. At any time after the
Issue Date, the Company may elect to establish that GAAP shall mean GAAP as in effect on or prior to the date of such election; provided
that, at any time after the Issue Date, the Company may elect to apply IFRS accounting principles in lieu of GAAP and, upon any such
election, references herein to GAAP shall thereafter be construed to mean IFRS (except as otherwise provided in this Indenture); provided
that any such election made regarding IFRS, once made, shall be irrevocable; provided, further, that any calculation
or determination in this Indenture that requires the application of GAAP for periods that include fiscal quarters ended prior to the
Companys election to apply IFRS shall remain as previously calculated or determined in accordance with GAAP; provided,
further again, that the Company may only make such election if it also elects to report any subsequent financial reports required
to be made by the Company, including pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and Section 3.2
hereof, in IFRS. The Issuers shall give notice of any such election made in accordance with this definition to the Trustee and the
Holders.

-9- 

German Junior Pledge
and Security Confirmation Agreements means (i) the junior ranking share pledge and confirmation agreement in relation
to the shares in Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH, dated on or about the Issue Date between Trinseo Deutschland GmbH as pledgor,
the Collateral Agent as pledgee and Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH as pledged company, (ii) the junior ranking account
pledge and confirmation agreement in relation to certain bank accounts of Trinseo Deutschland GmbH, dated on or about the Issue Date
between Trinseo Deutschland GmbH as pledgor and the Collateral Agent as pledgee (iii) the junior ranking account pledge and confirmation
agreement in relation to certain bank accounts of Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH, dated on or about the Issue Date between
Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH as pledgor and the Collateral Agent as pledgee and (iv) the security confirmation and
amendment agreement with respect to the Original German Security Assignment Agreements and the Original German Security Transfer Agreements,
dated on or about the Issue Date between Trinseo Deutschland GmbH and Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH as security grantors
and the Collateral Agent as collateral agent (the German Security Confirmation and Amendment Agreement), each governed
by German law.

German Security
Documents means (i) the Original German Security Documents, (ii) the German Junior Pledge and Security Confirmation
Agreements,(iii) the German Security Trust Amendment and Restatement Agreement (including the German Security Trust Agreement attached
as a schedule thereto) and (iv) and any other German law governed agreement that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of
the Collateral Agent in connection with this Indenture.

German Security Trust
Agreement means the Existing German Security Trust Agreement as amended and restated pursuant to the German Security Trust Amendment
and Restatement Agreement.

German Security Trust
Amendment and Restatement Agreement means the amendment and restatement agreement dated on or about the Issue Date between among
others, Alter Domus (US) LLC as senior lien collateral agent, Alter Domus (US) LLC as junior lien collateral agent and the debtors
named therein relating to the Existing German Security Trust Agreement.

Governmental Authority
means any nation, sovereign or government, any state, province, territory or other political subdivision thereof, and any entity or authority
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory, self-regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government,
including a central bank or stock exchange.

Guarantee
means, as to any Person, without duplication, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having
the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary
obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to
purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (ii) to
purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary
obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity
capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable
the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any
other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect
such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness
or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation is assumed by such Person
(or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation to obtain any such Lien); provided,
however, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case, in the
ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Issue
Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Indenture (other than such obligations
with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount
of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable,
the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee
used as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Guarantor
means each of Trinseo PLC, Holdings, Aristech and Altuglas.

-10- 

Hedging Obligations
means, with respect to any Person, the obligations of such Person under any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement,
interest rate collar agreement, commodity swap agreement, commodity cap agreement, commodity collar agreement, foreign exchange contracts,
currency swap agreement or similar agreement providing for the transfer, modification or mitigation of interest rate, commodity price
or currency risks either generally or under specific contingencies.

Holder
means each Person in whose name the Notes are registered on the Registrars books, which shall initially be the nominee of DTC.

Holdings
means Trinseo NA Finance LLC.

IAI
means an institutional accredited investor as described in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities
Act.

IFRS
means International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

Immaterial Subsidiary
means, at any date of determination, any Restricted Subsidiary that has Total Assets together with all other Immaterial Subsidiaries
(as determined in accordance with GAAP) and gross revenues of less than 5.0% of the Companys Total Assets and gross revenues (measured,
in the case of Total Assets at the end of the most recent Test Period and, in the case of gross revenues, for the most recent Test Period,
in each case measured on a pro forma basis giving effect to any acquisitions or dispositions of companies, divisions or lines
of business since such balance sheet date or the start of such four quarter period, as applicable, and on or prior to the date of acquisition
of such Subsidiary).

Incur
means issue, create, assume, enter into any Guarantee of, incur, extend or otherwise become liable for; provided, however,
that any Indebtedness or Capital Stock of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (whether by merger,
consolidation, acquisition or otherwise) will be deemed to be Incurred by such Restricted Subsidiary at the time it becomes a Restricted
Subsidiary and the terms Incurred and Incurrence have meanings correlative to the foregoing
and any Indebtedness pursuant to any revolving credit or similar facility shall only be Incurred at the time any funds
are borrowed thereunder.

Indebtedness
means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following:

(1) all
obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements
or other similar instruments;

(2) the
maximum amount (after giving effect to any prior drawings or reductions which may have been reimbursed) of all outstanding letters of
credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds and similar instruments
issued or created by or for the account of such Person;

(3) all
obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (i) trade accounts payable in
the ordinary course of business and (ii) any earn-out obligation until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet
of such Person in accordance with GAAP and is not paid within thirty (30) Business Days after becoming due and payable);

(4) indebtedness
(excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising
under conditional sales or other title retention agreements and mortgage, industrial revenue bond, industrial development bond and similar
financings), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse;

(5) all
Attributable Indebtedness;

-11- 

(6) all
obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Stock to the extent that the foregoing would constitute indebtedness or a liability
in accordance with GAAP; and

(7) to
the extent not otherwise included above, all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing.

The amount of Indebtedness of any Person for
purposes of clause (4) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (a) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and
(b) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith.

Indenture
means this Indenture as amended or supplemented from time to time.

Independent Financial
Advisor means an investment banking or accounting firm of international standing or any third party appraiser of international
standing; provided, however, that such firm or appraiser is not an Affiliate of the Company.

Independent Manager
means an individual who is natural person and who: (i) for the five-year period prior to such persons appointment as Independent
Manager has not been, and during the continuation of such persons service as Independent Manager is not: (A) an employee,
director, stockholder, member, manager, partner or officer of any Note Party or any of its Affiliates (other than such persons
service as an Independent Manager); (B) a customer, creditor, service provider or supplier of any Note Party or any of its Affiliates
(other than such persons service as an Independent Manager); or (C) any member of the immediate family of a person described
in the foregoing clause (A) or (B); and (ii) has (A) prior experience as an Independent Manager for a corporation or limited
liability company whose charter or organizational documents required the unanimous consent of all Independent Managers thereof before
such corporation or limited liability company could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or
could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy; and (B) at least three years
of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management
or placement services (including providing independent managers) to issuers of structured finance instruments, agreements or securities.

Initial Notes
has the meaning ascribed to it in the first recital to this Indenture.

Initial Public
Offering means the initial public offering of 11,500,000 shares of ordinary shares of Trinseo PLC pursuant to the prospectus
dated June 11, 2014.

Intellectual Property
means all intellectual and similar intangible property of every kind and nature, including inventions, designs, patents, copyrights,
trademarks, domain names, trade secrets, the intellectual property rights in software and databases and related documentation and all
improvements to the foregoing.

Intercompany Note
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date.

Intercompany Parent
Note means that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2023, by and between the Company as lender and Trinseo
Luxco S. r.l., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite),
incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, registered
with the R.C.S. Luxembourg under number B153577 (Trinseo LuxCo) as borrower, pursuant to which the Company made
available to Trinseo LuxCo a loan in the principal amount of $128,865,980.

Intercreditor Agreements
means the 2025 Intercreditor Agreement and the Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement.

Interest Payment
Date means every February 15 and August 15 of each year, or if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding
Business Day, commencing on August 15, 2025.

-12- 

Investment
means, with respect to any Person, all investments by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the form of any direct or
indirect advance, loan or other extensions of credit (other than advances or extensions of credit to customers, suppliers, directors,
officers or employees of any Person in the ordinary course of business, and excluding any debt or extension of credit represented by
a bank deposit other than a time deposit) or capital contribution to (by means of any transfer of cash or other property to others or
any payment for property or services for the account or use of others), or the Incurrence of a Guarantee of any obligation of, or any
purchase or acquisition of Capital Stock, Indebtedness or other similar instruments issued by, such other Persons and all other
items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared on the basis of GAAP.

For purposes of the definition
of Permitted Investments:

(1) Investment
will include the portion (proportionate to the Companys Equity Interest in a Restricted Subsidiary to be designated as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary of the Company at the time that such Restricted
Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that upon a redesignation of such Subsidiary as a Restricted
Subsidiary, the Company will be deemed to continue to have a permanent Investment in an Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount
(if positive) equal to (a) the Companys Investment in such Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation less
(b) the portion (proportionate to the Companys Equity Interest in such Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets
(as conclusively determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith) of such Subsidiary at the time that such Subsidiary
is so re-designated a Restricted Subsidiary; and

(2) any
property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary will be valued at its fair market value at the time of such transfer, in each
case as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company.

The amount of any Investment
outstanding at any time shall be the original cost of such Investment (with the fair market value of such Investment being measured at
the time such Investment is made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value) as reduced by any dividend, distribution,
interest payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount (including in respect of dispositions) received in cash or Cash Equivalents
by a Company or a Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such Investment; provided that the aggregate amount of such dividend, distribution,
interest payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount shall not exceed the original amount of such Investment.

Investment Grade
Securities means:

(1) securities
issued or directly and fully Guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian government or any agency or instrumentality thereof
(other than Cash Equivalents);

(2) securities
issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United Kingdom or a member of the European Union, or any agency or instrumentality
thereof (other than Cash Equivalents);

(3) debt
securities or debt instruments with a rating of A- or higher from S&P or A3 or higher by Moodys
or the equivalent of such rating by such rating organization or, if no rating of Moodys or S&P then exists, the equivalent
of such rating by any other Nationally Recognized Statistical Ratings Organization, but excluding any debt securities or instruments
constituting loans or advances among the Company and its Subsidiaries;

(4) investments
in any fund that invests exclusively in investments of the type described in clauses (1), (2) and (3) above which fund
may also hold cash and Cash Equivalents pending investment or distribution; and

(5) corresponding
instruments in countries other than the United States customarily utilized for high-quality investments.

-13- 

Investment Grade
Status shall occur when the Notes receive both of the following:

(1) a
rating of BBB- or higher from S&P; and

(2) a
rating of Baa3 or higher from Moodys;

or the equivalent of such rating by either such
rating organization or, if no rating of Moodys or S&P then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any other Nationally Recognized
Statistical Ratings Organization.

Irish Mobility
Regulations means the European Union (Cross-Border Conversions, Mergers and Divisions) Regulations 2023 (as amended).

IRS
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.

Issue Date
means January 17, 2025.

Issuers
has the meaning ascribed to it in the introductory paragraph of this Indenture.

Junior Financing
has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 4.14.

Junior Financing
Documentation means any documentation governing any Junior Financing.

JV Agreement
means that certain Limited Liability Company Agreement of Americas Styrenics, dated as of May 2, 2008, by and between Chevron Phillips
Chemical Company LP and Trinseo LLC (as successor to The Dow Chemical Company), as amended prior to the Issue Date and as may be amended
after the Issue Date solely to the extent not prohibited by this Indenture.

JV Interests
means all Equity Interests of Americas Styrenics owned by Trinseo LLC, Trinseo Finance or any of their Affiliates at any time, which
shall in no event be less than 50% of the Equity Interests of Americas Styrenics.

JV Sale
means (a) a Disposition of all or a portion of the JV Interests or all or substantially all of the property or assets of Americas
Styrenics, or (b) any Disposition of non-cash proceeds received in connection with a transaction under clause (a) of this definition.

Laws
means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state, regional, provincial and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines,
regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration
thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative
orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority.

Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title
retention agreement or lease in the nature thereof); provided that in no event shall a Non-Finance Lease Obligation be deemed
to constitute a Lien.

Liability Management
Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Schedule II.

LMT Indebtedness
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.2(k).

Luxembourg
Insolvency Event means, in relation to any Luxembourg Note Party or any of its assets, any corporate action, legal proceedings
or other procedure or step in relation to bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation
volontaire ou judiciaire), administrative dissolution without liquidation (dissolution administrative sans liquidation), moratorium
or reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), or any of the out-of court or in-court reorganization procedures as provided for
in the Luxembourg law of 7 August 2023 on the preservation of enterprises and modernizing bankruptcy law, fraudulent conveyance
(actio pauliana), general settlement with creditors, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally.

-14- 

Luxembourg Note
Party means a Note Party incorporated in Luxembourg.

Luxembourg Receivables Pledge Agreement means
the Luxembourg law governed receivables pledge agreement, dated on or about the Issue Date, pursuant to which the Company pledges to the
Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, all receivables due to it, including in respect of the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans,
the 2023 Incremental Term Loans, the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (each such term under, and as defined in, the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement
as in effect on the Issue Date) and the Intercompany Parent Note.

Management Advances
means loans or advances made to, or Guarantees with respect to loans or advances made to, directors, officers, employees, managers or
consultants of any Parent, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary:

(1) (a) in
respect of travel, entertainment or moving related expenses or other similar expenses or payroll advances Incurred in the ordinary course
of business or (b) for purposes of funding any such persons purchase of Capital Stock (or similar obligations) of the Company,
its Subsidiaries or any Parent;

(2) in
respect of moving related expenses incurred in connection with any closing or consolidation of any facility or office; or

(3) not
exceeding $10.0 million in the aggregate outstanding at any time.

Market Capitalization
means an amount equal to (i) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common Capital Stock of Trinseo PLC, and its assigns
and successors, on the date of the declaration of the relevant dividend multiplied by (ii) the arithmetic mean of the closing prices
per share of such common stock or common Equity Interests for the 30 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of declaration
of such Restricted Payment.

Material Adverse
Effect means a (a) material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, liabilities (actual or contingent) or
financial condition of the Issuers, taken as a whole; (b) material adverse effect on the ability of the Note Parties (taken as a
whole) to fully and timely perform any of their payment obligations under any Note Document to which any of the Note Parties is a party;
or (c) material adverse effect on the rights and remedies available to the Holders or the Collateral Agent under any Note Document.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or any of its successors or assigns that is a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating
Organization.

Mortgage Policies
has the meaning specified in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

Mortgaged Properties
has the meaning specified in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

Mortgages
means collectively, the deeds of trust, trust deeds, debentures, hypothecs and mortgages made by the Note Parties in favor or for the
benefit of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Holders and the Trustee creating and evidencing a Lien on a Mortgaged Property in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, and any other mortgages executed and delivered pursuant to Section 3.9
and Section 3.10.

Nationally Recognized
Statistical Rating Organization means a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 436
under the Securities Act.

Non-Finance Lease
Obligations means a lease obligation that is not required to be accounted for as a finance lease on both the balance sheet
and the income statement for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. For the avoidance of doubt, a straight-line or operating
lease (including any lease that would not have been a capital lease under GAAP prior to giving effect to FASB ASC 842 (or any similar
accounting principle)) shall be considered a Non-Finance Lease Obligation.

Non-Guarantor
means any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor or an Issuer.

Non-Guarantor LMT
Indebtedness of Note Parties has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.2(k).

-15- 

Non-Recourse Indebtedness
means Indebtedness of a Person (i) as to which neither of the Issuers nor any Restricted Subsidiary (a) provides any guarantee
or credit support of any kind (including any undertaking, guarantee, indemnity, agreement or instrument that would constitute Indebtedness)
or (b) is directly or indirectly liable (as a guarantor or otherwise); and (ii) the incurrence of which will not result in
any recourse against any of the assets of either of the Issuers or a Restricted Subsidiary.

Non-U.S. Person
means a Person who is not a U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S).

Note Documents
means the Notes (including Additional Notes), the Note Guarantees, the Collateral Documents, the Intercreditor Agreements and this Indenture.

Note Guarantee
means (a) the Guarantee by a Guarantor of the Issuers and the other Guarantors obligations in respect of the Notes
and this Indenture and (b) the Guarantee by an Issuer of the other Issuers obligations in respect of the Notes and this Indenture.

Note Parties
means, collectively, the Issuers and the Guarantors.

Notes
has the meaning ascribed to it in the first recital to this Indenture.

Notes Custodian
means the custodian with respect to the Global Notes (as appointed by DTC), or any successor Person thereto and shall initially be the
Trustee.

Obligations
means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Note Party arising under any Note Document or
otherwise with respect to the Notes, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due
or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against
any Note Party of any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether
such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of the
Note Parties under the Note Documents include (a) the obligation (including guarantee obligations) to pay principal, interest, reimbursement
obligations, charges, expenses, fees, attorney costs, indemnities and other amounts payable by any Note Party under any Note Document
and (b) the obligation of any Note Party to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Holder, in its sole
discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of such Note Party.

Offering Memorandum
means the offering memorandum and consent solicitation statement, dated December 16, 2024, relating to the issuance by the Issuers
of $379,494,400 aggregate principal amount of 7.625% Second Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2029, and any future offering memorandum relating
to Additional Notes.

Officer
means, with respect to any Person, (1) the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief
Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, any Vice President, the Treasurer, any Managing Director or the Secretary(a) of such
Person or (b) if such Person is owned or managed by a single entity, of such entity, or (2) any other individual designated
as an Officer or any manager/director or duly authorized signatory for the purposes of this Indenture by the Board of Directors
of such Person.

Officers
Certificate means, with respect to any Person, a certificate signed by one Officer of such Person that meets the requirements
of Section 13.3 and Section 13.4 of this Indenture and delivered to the Trustee.

OpCo Credit Agreement
means the credit agreement dated as of September 6, 2017, by and among Trinseo Holdings, as the Company, Trinseo LuxCo, Trinseo
Materials Finance, Inc., as the Co-Borrower, certain of the Companys Subsidiaries identified therein, the senior Holders
(as named therein) and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as the administrative agent for the Holders, together with the related documents
thereto (including the revolving loans thereunder, any letters of credit and reimbursement obligations related thereto, any Guarantees
and security documents), as amended by the amendment to be entered into on or around the Issue Date by and among the Company, Trinseo
Holdings, certain of its Subsidiaries identified therein, the senior Holders (as named therein), Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as
the administrative agent for the Holders, as further amended, amended and restated, extended, renewed, restated, refunded, replaced,
refinanced, supplemented, modified or otherwise changed (in whole or in part, and without limitation as to amount, terms, conditions,
covenants and other provisions) from time to time, and any one or more agreements (and related documents) governing Indebtedness, including
indentures, incurred to refinance, substitute, supplement, replace or add to (including increasing the amount available for borrowing
or adding or removing any Person as an Issuer, issuer or guarantor thereunder), in whole or in part, the borrowings and commitments then
outstanding or permitted to be outstanding under the OpCo Credit Agreement or one or more successors to the OpCo Credit Agreement or
one or more new credit agreements.

-16- 

Opinion of Counsel
means a written opinion that meets the requirements of Section 13.3 and Section 13.4 of this Indenture from legal
counsel who shall be acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Company or its Subsidiaries.

Organization Documents
means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation, the articles of association, the bylaws
and the unanimous shareholder agreements or declarations (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S.
jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and the
operating or limited liability company agreement (or equivalent or comparable documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) or
articles of association; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the articles
of association, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument,
filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority
in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of
such entity.

Original German
Pledge Agreements means (i) the share pledge agreement in relation to the shares in Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft
mbH, dated 14 November 2023, between Trinseo Deutschland GmbH as pledgor, the Collateral Agent as pledgee and Trinseo Deutschland
Anlagengesellschaft mbH as pledged company, notorial deed no. F5287/2023 of notary public Dr. Sebastian Franck, Munich, Germany,
(ii) the account pledge agreement, dated 2 February 2024, between Trinseo Deutschland GmbH as pledgor and the Collateral Agent
as pledgee in relation to certain bank accounts of Trinseo Deutschland GmbH and (iii) the account pledge agreement, dated 2 February 2024,
between Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH as pledgor and the Collateral Agent as pledgee in relation to certain bank accounts
of Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH, each governed by German law.

Original German
Security Assignment Agreements means (i) the security assignment agreement dated 2 February 2024 between Trinseo
Deutschland GmbH as assignor and the Collateral Agent as collateral agent and assignee, in relation to certain trade, intercompany and
insurance receivables of Trinseo Deutschland GmbH and (ii) the security assignment agreement dated 2 February 2024 between
Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH as assignor and the Collateral Agent as collateral agent and assignee, in relation to certain
trade, intercompany and insurance receivables of Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH.

Original German
Security Documents means (i) the Original German Pledge Agreements, (ii) the Original German Security Assignment
Agreements and (iii) the Original German Security Transfer Agreements.

Original German
Security Transfer Agreements means (i) the security transfer agreement dated 2 February 2024 between Trinseo Deutschland
GmbH as transferor and the Collateral Agent as collateral agent and assignee, in relation to certain inventory of Trinseo Deutschland
GmbH and (ii) the security transfer agreement dated 2 February 2024 between Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH as
transferor and the Collateral Agent as collateral agent and assignee, in relation to certain inventory of Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft
mbH.

Parent
means any Person of which the Company at any time is or becomes a Subsidiary after the Issue Date and any holding companies established
by any Permitted Holder for purposes of holding its investment in any Parent.

Pari Passu Indebtedness
means Indebtedness (x) of the Company which ranks equally in right of payment to the Notes or (y) of any Guarantor if such
Indebtedness ranks equally in right of payment to the Note Guarantees.

-17- 

Paying Agent
means any Person authorized by the Issuers to pay the principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on any Note on behalf of the Issuers,
including the Principal Paying Agent.

Permitted Holders
means, collectively, (1) Senior Management, (2) any Person who is acting as an underwriter in connection with a public or private
offering of Capital Stock of any Parent or the Company, acting in such capacity, and (3) any group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or
Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision) of which any of the foregoing are members; provided that,
in the case of such group and without giving effect to the existence of such group or any other group, Senior Management has beneficial
ownership of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Company or any of its Parents held by such group.

Permitted Investment
means:

(1) ownership
of Equity Interests of any Note Party or any Subsidiary existing as of the Issue Date;

(2) unsecured
and subordinated Investments made by a Note Party in another Note Party evidenced by and subject to an intercompany subordination agreement
with respect to the Obligations;

(3) ownership
by Trinseo Finance of the JV Interests;

(4) Investments
in cash and Cash Equivalents;

(5) Investments
consisting of the 2023 Incremental Term Loans, the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans, the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (each such term under,
and as defined in, the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date) or any proceeds or distributions therefrom;

(6) Investments
received in connection with any Disposition permitted under Section 4.5; and

(7) Investments
in the ordinary course of business consisting of Uniform Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit.

(8) the
Intercompany Parent Note;

(9) Investments
in connection with the Transactions;

(10) any
unsecured Guarantee by any Note Party of the obligations of any Affiliate of such Note Party to suppliers, distributors, customers and
licensees in the ordinary course of business;

(11) to
the extent constituting an Investment, any Permitted Relocation; and

(12) solely
with respect to Aristech or Altuglas:

(a) Investments
in the form of deposits made to Trinseo Ireland Global IHB Limited using cash generated by Aristech and Altuglas, as applicable, in the
ordinary course of business, which loans shall be made in the ordinary course and consistent with past practice; provided, that
neither Aristech nor Altuglas shall make any additional investments pursuant to this clause (a) following the occurrence and during
the continuance of (i) an Event of Default pursuant to clause (8) or (9) of Section 6.1(a), or (ii) any
other Event of Default upon written notice from the Trustee (acting at the direction of the Required Holders);

(b) [reserved];

(c) Investments
in cash, Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities;

-18- 

(d) Investments
in receivables owing to Aristech or Altuglas created or acquired in the ordinary course of business;

(e) Investments
(i) in payroll, travel, entertainment expenses, moving expenses and similar advances to cover matters that are expected at the time
of such advances ultimately to be treated as expenses for accounting purposes and that are made in the ordinary course of business or
(ii) [reserved];

(f) [reserved];

(g) Investments
received in settlement of debts created in the ordinary course of business and owing to Aristech or Altuglas or in exchange for any other
Investment or accounts receivable held by Aristech or Altuglas, or as a result of foreclosure, perfection or enforcement of any Lien,
or in satisfaction of judgments or pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar arrangement including upon the bankruptcy or insolvency
of a debtor or otherwise with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment in
default;

(h) Investments
made as a result of the receipt of non-cash consideration from a sale or other disposition of property or assets, including a Disposition;

(i) Investments
existing or pursuant to agreements or arrangements in effect on the Issue Date or made pursuant to binding commitments in effect on the
Issue Date and any modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof; provided that the amount of any such Investment or
binding commitment may not be increased except (I) as required by the terms of such Investment or binding commitment as in existence
on the Issue Date or (II) as otherwise permitted under this Indenture;

(j) [reserved];

(k) pledges
or deposits with respect to leases or utilities provided to third parties in the ordinary course of business or Liens permitted under
Section 4.1;

(l) [reserved];

(m) Investments
consisting of purchases and acquisitions of assets, services, inventory, supplies, materials and equipment or licenses or leases of Intellectual
Property, in any case, in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with this Indenture;

(n) [reserved];

(o) [reserved];

(p) [reserved];

(q) Investments
consisting of licensing of Intellectual Property pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons;

(r) [reserved];

(s) [reserved];

(t) [reserved];

(u) any
Investment arising out of, or in connection with, Cash Management Practices;

-19- 

(v) any
Investment by Aristech and Altuglas in (x) a Securitization Entity or (y) any other Person in connection with a Permitted Securitization,
including Investments of funds held in accounts permitted or required by the arrangement governing such Permitted Securitization or any
related Indebtedness; provided that such Investment is in the form of a purchase money obligation, contribution of additional
Securitization Assets or equity interests;

(w) advances,
loans or extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business by Aristech or Altuglas and Investments consisting of extensions
of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business;

(x) Investments
in the ordinary course of business consisting of Uniform Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit and Article 4
customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with industry practice;

(y) any
Investment in securities or other assets not constituting Cash Equivalents and received in connection with a Disposition made under Section 4.5
or any other disposition of assets not constituting a Disposition;

(z) Investments
in prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection and lease, utility and workers compensation, performance and similar
deposits entered into as a result of the operations of the business in the ordinary course of business; and

(aa) Investments
made in the ordinary course of business in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client contracts and loans or advances
made to distributors in the ordinary course of business.

For the avoidance of doubt,
no Note Party (other than Trinseo PLC) shall form or acquire any Subsidiary after the Issue Date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Issuers will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to make any Investment that is incurred for the purposes of effectuating a Liability
Management Transaction.

Permitted Refinancing
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date.

Permitted Relocation
means a cross-border conversion by a Luxembourg Loan Party in accordance with Part 2, Chapter 3 of the Irish Mobility Regulations
and the corresponding Luxembourg legislation where:

(1) the
proposed converted company (within the meaning of the Irish Mobility Regulations) is an Irish company; and

(2) on
the date of the cross-border conversion no Default or Event of Default has occurred and no Default or Event of Default would occur as
a result of the cross-border conversion; and

(3) the
cross-border conversion does not materially and adversely affect the value and enforceability of the guarantees and Collateral
granted by the converting Luxembourg Loan Party; and

(4) the
Collateral Agent receives Irish law governed all asset Collateral substantially equivalent to the corresponding Luxembourg law governed
all asset Collateral in existence immediately prior to the cross-border conversion; and

(5) if
the shares in the converting Luxembourg Loan Party were subject to the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent immediately prior
to such cross-border conversion, the Collateral Agent will receive (provided this does not have the effect of (A) materially
and adversely affecting the value of the relevant Collateral; or (B) materially and adversely affecting the enforceability
of the relevant guarantees and Collateral) substantially equivalent Irish law governed Collateral over those shares.

-20- 

Permitted Securitization
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the OpCo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date.

Person
means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization,
limited liability company, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity.

Place of Payment
means the place or places where the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Notes are payable as specified in accordance
with this Indenture.

Predecessor Note
of any particular Note means every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note;
and, for the purposes of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.11 in exchange for or in lieu
of a mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen
Note.

Preferred Stock,
as applied to the Capital Stock of any Person, means Capital Stock of any class or classes (however designated) which is preferred as
to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of such
Person, over shares of Capital Stock of any other class of such Person.

Pro Rata Offer
Exception has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.2(k).

Purchase Money
Obligations means any Indebtedness Incurred to finance or refinance the acquisition, leasing, construction, repair, replacement
or improvement of property (real or personal) or assets (including Capital Stock), and whether acquired through the direct acquisition
of such property or assets or the acquisition of the Capital Stock of any Person owning such property or assets, or otherwise.

QIB
means any qualified institutional buyer as such term is defined in Rule 144A.

Real Property
means, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold, mineral or other estate) in and to any and all parcels of
or interests in real property owned or leased by any Person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all
easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles
and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof.

refinance
means refinance, refund, replace, renew, repay, modify, restate, defer, substitute, supplement, reissue, resell, extend or increase (including
pursuant to any defeasance or discharge mechanism) and the terms refinances, refinanced and
refinancing as used for any purpose in this Indenture shall have a correlative meaning.

Refinanced Debt
has the meaning provided in clause (1) of the definition of Refinancing Indebtedness.

Refinancing Indebtedness
means Indebtedness that is Incurred to refund, refinance, replace, exchange, renew, repay or extend (including pursuant to any defeasance
or discharge mechanism) any Indebtedness existing on the Issue Date or Incurred in compliance with this Indenture (including Indebtedness
of the Company that refinances Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary and Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that refinances
Indebtedness of the Company or another Restricted Subsidiary) including Indebtedness that refinances Refinancing Indebtedness; provided,
however, that:

(1) the
principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such new Indebtedness, does not exceed the principal amount of (or accreted value,
if applicable), plus any accrued and unpaid interest on, the Indebtedness, being so extended, replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed
or defeased (such Indebtedness, the Refinanced Debt), plus the amount of any tender premium or penalty or premium required
to be paid under the terms of the instrument or documents governing such Refinanced Debt and any defeasance costs and any fees and expenses
(including original issue discount, upfront fees or similar fees) incurred in connection with the issuance of such new Indebtedness or
the extension, replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance of such Refinanced Debt;

-21- 

(2) if
the Indebtedness being refinanced constitutes Subordinated Indebtedness, the Refinancing Indebtedness has a final Weighted Average Life
to Maturity at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred that is the same as or greater than the final Weighted Average Life
to Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced or, if less, the Notes, and such Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated to the Notes
on terms at least as favorable to the Holders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being refinanced; and

(3) Refinancing
Indebtedness shall not include:

(a) Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of the Company that is not a Guarantor that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock of the Company or a Guarantor; or

(b) Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary.

Refinancing Indebtedness
in respect of any Credit Facility or any other Indebtedness may be Incurred from time to time after the termination, discharge or repayment
of any such Credit Facility or other Indebtedness.

Regulated Bank
means an (x) a commercial bank with a consolidated combined capital and surplus of at least $5,000,000,000 that is (i) a U.S.
depository institution the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; (ii) a corporation organized
under section 25A of the U.S. Federal Reserve Act of 1913; (iii) a branch, agency or commercial lending company of a foreign bank
operating pursuant to approval by and under the supervision of the Board of Governors under 12 CFR part 211; (iv) a non-U.S. branch
of a foreign bank managed and controlled by a U.S. branch referred to in clause (iii); or (v) any other U.S. or non-U.S. depository
institution or any branch, agency or similar office thereof supervised by a bank regulatory authority in any jurisdiction or (y) any
Affiliate of a Person set forth in clause (x) above to the extent that (1) all of the Capital Stock of such Affiliate is directly
or indirectly owned by either (I) such Person set forth in clause (x) above or (II) a parent entity that also owns, directly
or indirectly, all of the Capital Stock of such Person set forth in clause (x) and (2) such Affiliate is a securities broker
or dealer registered with the SEC under Section 15 of the Exchange Act.

Regulation S
means Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Regulation S-X
means Regulation S-X under the Securities Act.

Related Taxes
means any Taxes, including sales, use, transfer, rental, ad valorem, value added, stamp, property, consumption, franchise, license, capital,
registration, business, customs, net worth, gross receipts, excise, occupancy, intangibles or similar Taxes (other than (x) Taxes
measured by income and (y) withholding Taxes), required to be paid (provided such Taxes are in fact paid) by any Parent by
virtue of its:

(a) being
organized or having Capital Stock outstanding (but not by virtue of owning stock or other Equity Interests of any corporation or other
entity other than, directly or indirectly, the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries);

(b) being
a holding company parent, directly or indirectly, of the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries;

(c) receiving
dividends from or other distributions in respect of the Capital Stock of, directly or indirectly, the Company or any of the Companys
Subsidiaries; or

-22- 

(d) having
made any payment in respect to any of the items for which the Company is permitted to make payments to any Parent pursuant to Section 4.6.

Required Holders
means, as of any date of determination, Holders having more than 50% of the principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes; provided,
that for the purpose of determining whether the Required Holders have provided any consent or approval contemplated under the Note Documents,
any Additional Notes incurred substantially concurrently with a Liability Management Transaction for the purpose of influencing such
consent or approval will not be included for purposes of determining whether the Required Holders have given consent or approval. In
the event any Additional Notes are not to be included in a determination of Required Holders, the Issuers shall deliver an Officers
Certificate to the Trustee at the time of the incurrence of such Additional Notes indicating that they have been incurred substantially
concurrently with a Liability Management Transaction for the purpose of influencing a consent or approval. If such Officers Certificate
is received by the Trustee, the holders of such Additional Notes shall not be included in the determination of Required Holders for any
consent or approval that is being sought substantially concurrently with the incurrence of such Additional Notes. The holders of such
Additional Notes shall be included, however, in any subsequent determination of Required Holders for which an Officers Certificate
is not required to be delivered in accordance with this definition.

Responsible
Officer shall mean, when used with respect to the Trustee or Collateral Agent, any officer within the corporate trust
department of the Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, senior associate, associate or
trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee or Collateral Agent who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by
the persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such officers
knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.

Restricted Cash
means cash and Cash Equivalents held by Restricted Subsidiaries that is contractually restricted from being distributed to the Company.

Restricted Investment
means any Investment other than a Permitted Investment.

Restricted Notes
means Initial Notes and Additional Notes bearing one of the restrictive legends described in Section 2.1(e).

Restricted Notes
Legend means the legend set forth in Section 2.1(e)(1) and, in the case of the Temporary Regulation S
Global Note, the legend set forth in Section 2.1(e)(2).

Restricted Payment
means (i) any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interest
of any Note Party, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on
account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interest, or
on account of any return of capital to a Note Partys stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof) and
(ii) any Restricted Investment.

Restricted Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of the Company other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary.

Rule 144A
means Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

S&P
means S&P Global Ratings or any of its successors or assigns that is a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization.

Sale and Leaseback
Transaction means any arrangement providing for the leasing by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any real
or tangible personal property, which property has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary to
a third Person in contemplation of such leasing.

Sanctions
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.22(a).

-23- 

SEC
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto.

Second Lien Intercreditor
Agreement means that certain intercreditor agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Collateral Agent, the
Trustee and Alter Domus (US) LLC in its capacity as collateral agent under the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement and the grantors party thereto,
as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, modified or replaced, in whole or in part, from time to time, in accordance
with its terms.

Secured Indebtedness
means any Indebtedness secured by a Lien (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Capitalized Lease Obligations).

Securities Act
means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, as amended.

Securitization
Asset has the meaning assigned to such term in the OpCo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date.

Securitization
Entity means a Subsidiary of the Company or another Person formed for the purposes of engaging in a Permitted Securitization
or which is regularly engaged in receivables financings and to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries transfers Securitization
Assets, and which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Company or of such other Person (as provided below) to be a Securitization
Entity (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (1) is guaranteed by
the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest
on, Indebtedness) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings), (2) is recourse to or obligates the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary of the Company (other than the Securitization Entity) in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings
or (3) subjects any property or asset of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (other than Securitization Assets
and related assets as provided in the definition of Permitted Securitization), directly or indirectly, contingently or
otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, (b) with which neither the Company
nor any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than on terms
which the Company reasonably believes to be no less favorable to the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary than those that might be obtained
at the time from Persons who are not Affiliates of the Company) other than fees payable in the ordinary course of business in
connection with servicing Securitization Assets, and (c) with which neither the Company nor any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company
has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entitys financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of
operating results. Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Company or of such other Person will be evidenced to the Trustee
by filing with the Trustee a certified copy of a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company or of such other Person giving effect
to such designation, together with an Officers Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing conditions.

Securitization
Facility means any of one or more securitization financing facilities as amended, supplemented, modified, extended, renewed,
restated or refunded from time to time, pursuant to which the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries sells its Securitization
Assets to either (a) Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary or (b) a Securitization Entity that in turn sells Securitization
Assets to a person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary.

Securitization
Fees means distributions or payments made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any Securitization Asset or participation
interest therein issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary in connection
with, any Permitted Securitization.

Security Agreement
means that certain Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Guarantors party thereto from time
to time and the Collateral Agent, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, modified or replaced, in whole or in part,
from time to time, in accordance with its terms.

-24- 

Senior Indebtedness
means:

(1) all
Indebtedness of any Issuer or any Guarantor outstanding under the Credit Agreements and the Notes and related Note Guarantees (including
interest accruing on or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or similar proceeding or for reorganization of any Issuer or any
Guarantor (at the rate provided for in the documentation with respect thereto, regardless of whether or not a claim for post-filing interest
is allowed in such proceedings)), and any and all other fees, expense reimbursement obligations, indemnification amounts, penalties,
and other amounts (whether existing on the Issue Date or thereafter created or incurred) and all obligations of the Issuers or any Guarantor
to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under letters of credit, acceptances or other similar instruments;

(2) all
(x) Hedging Obligations (and guarantees thereof) and (y) obligations in respect of Cash Management Services (and guarantees
thereof) owing to a lender under the Credit Agreements or any Affiliate of such lender (or any Person that was a lender or an Affiliate
of such lender at the time the applicable agreement giving rise to such Hedging Obligation was entered into); provided, that such Hedging
Obligations and obligations in respect of Cash Management Services, as the case may be, are permitted to be incurred under the terms
of this Indenture;

(3) any
other Indebtedness of the Issuers or any Guarantor permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Indenture, unless the instrument
under which such Indebtedness is incurred expressly provides that it is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or any related
Note Guarantee; and

(4) all
obligations with respect to the items listed in the preceding clauses (1), (2) and (3).

Senior Management
means the officers, directors, and other members of senior management of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, who at any date beneficially
own or have the right to acquire, directly or indirectly, Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Significant Subsidiary
means any Restricted Subsidiary that would be a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of
Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such regulation is in effect on the Issue Date.

Similar Business
means (a) any businesses, services or activities engaged in or proposed to be engaged in by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or any Associates on the Issue Date and (b) any businesses, services and activities engaged in by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or any Associates that are related, complementary, incidental, ancillary or similar to any of the foregoing or are extensions or developments
of any thereof.

Specified IP
means, collectively, (a) the Specified IP Rights and (b) the Specified IP License Agreements. Schedule 5.15 of the Super HoldCo
Credit Agreement contains a true and complete list of all patents, trademarks, service marks and copyrights included in the Specified
IP that are subject to a registration or pending application for registration with a Governmental Authority as of the Issue Date.

Specified IP License
Agreements means the Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement, dated January 1, 2022, entered into between Trinseo
Europe, as licensor, and Altuglas, as licensee, with respect to the use of Intellectual Property that is necessary to operate the businesses
of Altuglas (Altuglas IP License Agreement), and the Technology License Agreement, dated September 1, 2021,
entered into between Trinseo Europe, as licensor, and Aristech, as licensee, with respect to the use of Intellectual Property that is
necessary to operate the businesses of Aristech (Aristech IP License Agreement).

-25- 

Specified IP Rights
means all Intellectual Property in North America owned or Controlled by Trinseo Europe that is necessary to operate the businesses of
Aristech and Altuglas, respectively, provided that the Specified IP shall not include (i) any Trinseo Marks (except any rights
to use the Trinseo Marks that are licensed to Aristech or Altuglas pursuant to the Amended and Restated Specified IP License Agreements);
or (ii) any intent-to-use trademark applications prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or an Amendment
to Allege Use with respect thereto, only to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant
of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark application or any registration
issuing therefrom under applicable law. For the purposes of this definition, Controlled means, with respect to any Intellectual
Property rights, the right to grant a license or sublicense, as applicable, without (i) violating the terms of any agreement or
other arrangement with any other Person; (ii) requiring any consent, approvals or waivers from any other Person; (iii) requiring
the payment of material compensation to any other Person, or resulting in the acceleration of payments to any other Person or diminishment
of any royalties payable to Trinseo Europe; or (iv) incurring any additional obligation under any agreement or other arrangement
with any other Person.

Specified Transaction
means (v) any Investment that results in a Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, (w) any designation of a Subsidiary as
a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (x) any acquisition, merger or other business combination, (y) any disposition
that results in a Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuers and any disposition of a business unit,
line of business or division of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case whether by merger, consolidation, amalgamation or
otherwise or (z) any incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit
facility or line of credit) or Restricted Payment, in each case, that by the terms of this Indenture requires a financial ratio or test
to be calculated on a pro forma basis.

Standard Securitization
Undertakings means representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into by the Company or any Subsidiary of
the Company which the Company has determined in good faith to be customary in a Permitted Securitization, including, without limitation,
those relating to the servicing of the assets of a Securitization Entity.

Stated Maturity
means, with respect to any security, the date specified in such security as the fixed date on which the payment of principal of such
security is due and payable, including pursuant to any mandatory redemption provision, but shall not include any Contingent Obligations
to repay, redeem or repurchase any such principal prior to the date originally scheduled for the payment thereof.

Subordinated Indebtedness
means, with respect to the Notes, (i) any Indebtedness (whether outstanding on the Issue Date or thereafter Incurred) of an Issuer
which is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes pursuant to a written agreement and (ii) any Indebtedness of any
Guarantor which is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Note Guarantee of such Guarantor pursuant to a written agreement.

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person:

(1) any
corporation, association, or other business entity (other than a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity)
of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency)
to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time of determination owned or controlled, directly or indirectly,
by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; or

(2) any
partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity of which:

(a) more
than 50% of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting interests or general or limited partnership interests,
as applicable, are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person
or a combination thereof whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership interests or otherwise; and

(b) such
Person or any Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity.

-26- 

Super HoldCo Credit
Agreement means the credit agreement dated as of September 8, 2023, by and among Trinseo Luxco S. r.l. as Parent,
Trinseo NA Finance LLC as Holdings, the Company as the Lead Borrower, Trinseo Finance as the Co-Borrower, the guarantors party thereto,
the Lenders party thereto from time to time and Alter Domus (US) LLC as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, together with the
related documents thereto (including the revolving loans thereunder, any letters of credit and reimbursement obligations related thereto,
any Guarantees and security documents), as amended by the amendment to be entered into on or around the Issue Date by and among Trinseo
Luxco S. r.l., Trinseo NA Finance LLC, the Company, Trinseo Finance, the guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto
and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as further amended, amended and restated, extended, renewed, restated, refunded, replaced, refinanced, supplemented,
modified or otherwise changed (in whole or in part, and without limitation as to amount, terms, conditions, covenants and other provisions)
from time to time, and any one or more agreements (and related documents) governing Indebtedness, including indentures, incurred to refinance,
substitute, supplement, replace or add to (including increasing the amount available for borrowing or adding or removing any Person as
a Borrower, issuer or guarantor thereunder), in whole or in part, the borrowings and commitments then outstanding or permitted to be
outstanding under such Super HoldCo Credit Agreement or one or more successors to the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement or one or more new
credit agreements.

Superpriority RCF
Credit Agreement means the credit agreement dated as of the date hereof, by and among Trinseo Holdings, as the Lead Borrower,
Trinseo Luxco S. r.l., Trinseo Materials Finance, Inc., as the Co-Borrower, certain of the Companys Subsidiaries
identified therein, the senior Lenders (as named therein) and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as the administrative agent for the Lenders,
together with the related documents thereto (including the revolving loans thereunder, any letters of credit and reimbursement obligations
related thereto, any Guarantees and security documents), as amended by the 2024 Incremental Amendment to be entered into on or around
the Issue Date by and among the Company, Trinseo Holdings, certain of its Subsidiaries identified therein, the senior Lenders (as named
therein), Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as the administrative agent for the Lenders, as further amended, amended and restated, extended,
renewed, restated, refunded, replaced, refinanced, supplemented, modified or otherwise changed (in whole or in part, and without limitation
as to amount, terms, conditions, covenants and other provisions) from time to time, and any one or more agreements (and related documents)
governing Indebtedness, including indentures, incurred to refinance, substitute, supplement, replace or add to (including increasing
the amount available for borrowing or adding or removing any Person as a Borrower, issuer or guarantor thereunder), in whole or in part,
the borrowings and commitments then outstanding or permitted to be outstanding under such Superpriority RCF Credit Agreement or one or
more successors to the Superpriority RCF Credit Agreement or one or more new credit agreements.

Supplemental Collateral
Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.7(a).

Swiss Federal Tax Administration
means the tax authorities referred to in article 34 of the Federal Act on Anticipatory Tax of 13 October 1965 (Bundesgesetz ber
die Verrechnungssteuer).

Taxes
means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, duties and withholdings and any charges of a similar nature
(including interest, penalties and other liabilities with respect thereto) that are imposed by any government or other taxing authority.

Test Period
means the Companys most recently ended four fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available (as determined
in good faith by the Company).

Total Assets
means, as of any date, the total consolidated assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis
in accordance with GAAP, as shown on the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined
on a pro forma basis.

Transactions
means, the Transactions (as defined in the Transaction Support Agreement) described in the Transaction Support Agreement.

Transaction Support
Agreement means that certain Transaction Support Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2024, by and among the parties thereto,
together with all annexes, exhibits, schedules, and attachments thereto and, as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

-27- 

Treasury Rate
means the weekly average rounded to the nearest 1/100th of a percentage point (for the most recently completed week for which such information
is available as of the date that is at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the
date of delivery of the redemption notice with respect to the redemption date) yield to maturity at the time of computation of United
States Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release
H.15 with respect to each applicable day during such week (or, if such statistical release is not so published or available, any publicly
available source of similar market data selected by the Company in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date
to January 17, 2026; provided, however, that if the period from the redemption date to January 17, 2026 is
not equal to the constant maturity of a United States Treasury security for which a yield is given, the Treasury Rate shall be obtained
by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the yields of United States Treasury securities for which
such yields are given, except that if the period from the redemption date to such applicable date is less than one year, the weekly average
yield on actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.

Triggering Event
has the meaning set forth in Schedule II.

Trinseo Europe
means Trinseo Europe GmbH, a Swiss limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung) organized and existing under
the laws of Switzerland.

Trinseo Europe
Security Documents means, collectively, (i) that certain Security Agreement and (ii) that certain Quota Pledge Agreement,
in each case governed by the laws of Switzerland, by Trinseo Europe in favor of the Collateral Agent, in
each case in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or modified
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and this Indenture.

Trinseo Finance
has the meaning ascribed to it in the introductory paragraph of this Indenture and shall include any successor.

Trinseo Holdings
means Trinseo Holding S. r.l., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite),
incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, registered
with the R.C.S. Luxembourg under number B153582.

Trinseo Marks
means the TRINSEO trademark, including any word mark, service mark, design, logo, branding, corporate name, or other source
or business identifiers related thereto, whether or not registered, and any derivation, variation, translation or adaptation thereof,
together with all applications, registrations, renewals and extensions thereof and all goodwill associated with any of the foregoing.

Trinseo PLC Luxembourg
Share Pledge Agreement means, the Luxembourg law governed share pledge agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, pursuant to
which Trinseo PLC pledges to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Holders, all the shares issued by the Company.

Trust Indenture
Act or TIA means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.

Trustee
means the party named as such in the introductory paragraph of this Indenture until a successor replaces it and, thereafter, means the
successor.

Uniform Commercial
Code means the Uniform Commercial Code or any successor provision thereof as the same may from time to time be in effect in
the State of New York.

Unrestricted Subsidiary
means:

(1) any
Subsidiary of the Company that at the time of determination is an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as designated by the Board of Directors of
the Company in the manner provided below); and

(2) any
Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary.

-28- 

The Board of Directors of
the Company may not designate any Subsidiary of the Company (including any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary or a Person becoming
a Subsidiary through merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction, or Investment therein) other than the Company or
the Issuers, to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary without the written consent of the Required Holders.

U.S. Government
Obligations means securities that are (1) direct obligations of the United States of America for the timely payment of
which its full faith and credit is pledged or (2) obligations of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or
instrumentality of the United States of America the timely payment of which is unconditionally Guaranteed as a full faith and credit
obligation of the United States of America, which, in either case, are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof,
and shall also include a depositary receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act), as custodian
with respect to any such U.S. Government Obligations or a specific payment of principal of or interest on any such U.S. Government Obligations
held by such custodian for the account of the holder of such depositary receipt; provided that (except as required by law) such
custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depositary receipt from any amount received
by the custodian in respect of the U.S. Government Obligations or the specific payment of principal of or interest on the U.S. Government
Obligations evidenced by such depositary receipt.

U.S. Security Agreement
For Foreign Guarantors means that certain Security Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025, by the Foreign Guarantors
party thereto in favor of the Collateral Agent, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or modified from time to time in accordance
with the terms thereof and this Indenture, including pursuant to the joinder entered into on the Issue Date with respect to Trinseo Europe.

Voting Stock
of a Person means all classes of Capital Stock of such Person then outstanding and normally entitled to vote in the election of directors.

Weighted Average
Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at any
date, the quotient obtained by dividing:

(1) the
sum of the products of the number of years from the date of determination to the date of each successive scheduled principal payment
of such Indebtedness or redemption or similar payment with respect to such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock multiplied by the amount
of such payment, by

(2) the
sum of all such payments.

Wholly Owned Subsidiary
means a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, all of the Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares or shares
required by any applicable law or regulation to be held by a Person other than the Company or another Wholly Owned Subsidiary) is owned
by the Company or another Wholly Owned Subsidiary.

Yield Protection
Trigger Event means (a) any voluntary redemption of all, or any part, of the principal amount of the Notes pursuant to
Section 5.7, whether before or after (i) the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default or (ii) the commencement
of any proceeding with respect to any Issuer or Guarantor under any Bankruptcy Law and notwithstanding any acceleration (for any reason)
of the Notes; (b) the acceleration of all of the Notes for any reason, including, but not limited to, acceleration following or
pursuant to an Event of Default, including as a result of the commencement of a proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law (including, without
limitation, pursuant to clause (8) or (9) of Section 6.1(a)); (c) the satisfaction, release, payment, redemption,
restructuring, reorganization, replacement, reinstatement, defeasance or compromise of any of the Notes in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy
Law, foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the making of a distribution
of any kind in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law to the Holders (whether directly or indirectly, including through the Trustee
or Collateral Agent or any other distribution agent), in full or partial satisfaction of the Notes; (d) the substantial consummation
of any plan of reorganization with respect to any Issuer or Guarantor under any Bankruptcy Law; (e) the termination of any proceeding
with respect to any Issuer or Guarantor under any Bankruptcy Law; and (f) the termination of this Indenture for any reason.

-29- 

Section 1.2. Other
Definitions

Term 

Where
Defined

Accredited
Investor Note Section 2.1(c)

Additional
Amounts 1)a)i)(1)

Acceleration Section 6.2

Additional
Restricted Notes Section 2.1(c)

Agent
Members Section 2.1(f)(2)

Authenticating
Agent Section 2.2

Authorized
Officers Section 13.1

Automatic
Exchange Section 2.6(e)

Automatic
Exchange Date Section 2.6(e)

Automatic
Exchange Notice Section 2.6(e)

Automatic
Exchange Notice Date Section 2.6(e)

Change
in Tax Law Section 5.9(a)(1)

Defaulted
Interest Section 2.15

Event
of Default Section 6.1

Global
Notes Section 2.1(c)

Guaranteed
Obligations Section 11.1

Indemnified
Party Section 7.7

Institutional
Accredited Investor Global Notes Section 2.1(c)

Institutional
Accredited Investor Note Section 2.1(c)

Instructions Section 13.1

ISDA
CDS Definitions Section 10.2

Issuer
Order Section 2.2

Legal
Defeasance Section 9.2

Legal
Holiday Section 13.7

Net
Short Holder Section 10.2

Notes
Register Section 2.3

Permanent
Regulation S Global Note Section 2.1(c)

PIK
Notes Section 2.15(c)

protected
purchaser Section 2.11

Registrar Section 2.3

Regulation S
Global Note Section 2.1(c)

Regulation S
Notes Section 2.1(c)

Relevant
Taxing Jurisdiction Section 3.1(c)

Resale
Restriction Termination Date Section 2.6(b)

Restricted
Global Note Section 2.6(e)

Restricted
Period Section 2.1(c)

Rule 144A
Global Note Section 2.1(c)

Rule 144A
Notes Section 2.1(c)

Special
Interest Payment Date Section 2.15(a)

Special
Record Date Section 2.15(a)

Specified
Indebtedness Section 10.2

Taxes Section 3.1(c)

Temporary
Regulation S Global Note Section 2.1(c)

Transfer
Agreement Section 2.3

Unrestricted
Global Note Section 2.6(e)

Section 1.3. Rules of
Construction. Unless the context otherwise requires:

(1) a
term has the meaning assigned to it;

(2) an
accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP;

-30- 

(3) or
is not exclusive;

(4) including
means including without limitation;

(5) words
in the singular include the plural and words in the plural include the singular;

(6) will
shall be interpreted to express a command;

(7) the
principal amount of any non-interest bearing or other discount security at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would
be shown on a balance sheet of the Trinseo PLC dated such date prepared in accordance with GAAP;

(8) the
principal amount of any Preferred Stock shall be (i) the maximum liquidation value of such Preferred Stock or (ii) the maximum
mandatory redemption or mandatory repurchase price with respect to such Preferred Stock, whichever is greater;

(9) all
amounts expressed in this Indenture or in any of the Notes in terms of money refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America;

(10) the
words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture
as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision;

(11) unless
otherwise specifically indicated, the term consolidated with respect to any Person refers to such Person consolidated with
its Restricted Subsidiaries, and excludes from such consolidation any Unrestricted Subsidiary as if such Unrestricted Subsidiary were
not an Affiliate of such Person; and

(12) references
herein to any notice, direction, request or other communication to be delivered or provided to the Trustee or the Collateral Agent shall
mean a notice, direction, request or other communication that is provided in writing and delivered in connection with this Indenture.

Section 1.4. Other
Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Note Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such
other Note Document:

(a) The
meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms.

(b) The
words herein, hereto, hereof and hereunder and words of similar import when used
in any Note Document shall refer to such Note Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof.

(c) Article,
Section, Exhibit and Schedule references are to the Note Document in which such reference appears.

(d) The
term including is by way of example and not limitation.

(e) The
term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements
and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form.

(f) In
the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and
including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through
means to and including.

(g) Section headings
herein and in the other Note Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this
Agreement or any other Note Document.

-31- 

Section 1.5. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the Support Agreement Transactions (as defined in the Offering Memorandum), whether consummated
prior to, on or after the Issue Date, shall be and are permitted under the Indenture and the Note Documents.

Article II

THE
NOTES

Section 2.1. Form,
Dating and Terms

(a) The
aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited. The Notes issued on the
date hereof will be in an aggregate principal amount of $379,494,400. The Stated Maturity of the principal of the Notes shall be May 3,
2029. In addition, the Issuers may issue, from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture, PIK Notes and Additional
Notes (as provided herein). Furthermore, Notes may be authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer, exchange or in lieu
of other Notes pursuant to Section 2.2, Section 2.6, Section 2.11, Section 2.13, Section 5.6
or Section 9.5.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the Issuers may not issue any Additional Notes, unless such issuance is in compliance with
Section 4.1 and Section 4.2.

With respect to any Additional
Notes, the Issuers shall each set forth in (1) a Board Resolution and (2) (i) an Officers Certificate and (ii) one
or more indentures supplemental hereto, the following information:

(A) the
aggregate principal amount of such Additional Notes to be authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture;

(B) the
issue price and the issue date of such Additional Notes, including the date from which interest shall accrue; and

(C) whether
such Additional Notes shall be Restricted Notes.

In authenticating and delivering
Additional Notes, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive and shall be fully protected in relying upon, in addition to the Opinion of
Counsel and Officers Certificate required by Section 13.3, an Opinion of Counsel as to the due authorization, execution,
delivery, validity and enforceability of such Additional Notes.

The Additional Notes shall
have the same terms and conditions as those of the Initial Notes, other than the issue date, the issue price, the first interest payment
date, and the initial interest accrual date. The Initial Notes and the Additional Notes shall be considered collectively as a single
class for all purposes of this Indenture, including, without limitation, waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase; provided
that if the Issuers determine that the Additional Notes are not fungible with the Initial Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
such Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number or ISIN, as applicable. Holders of the Initial Notes and Additional Notes that
are treated as a single class will vote and consent together on all matters to which such Holders are entitled to vote or consent as
one class, and none of the Holders of the Initial Notes or the Additional Notes of such class shall have the right to vote or consent
as a separate class on any matter to which such Holders are entitled to vote or consent.

If any of the terms of any
Additional Notes are established by action taken pursuant to Board Resolutions of the Issuers, a copy of an appropriate record of such
action shall be certified by the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Issuers and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the
delivery of the Officers Certificate or the indenture supplemental hereto setting forth the terms of the Additional Notes.

-32- 

(c) The
Initial Notes and any Additional Notes (if issued as Restricted Notes) (the Additional Restricted Notes) will be
resold initially only to (A) QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A and (B) Non-U.S. Persons in reliance on Regulation S.
Such Initial Notes and Additional Restricted Notes may thereafter be transferred to, among others, QIBs, purchasers in reliance on Regulation S,
AIs and IAIs in accordance with Rule 501 under the Securities Act, in each case, in accordance with the procedure described herein.
Additional Notes offered after the date hereof may be offered and sold by the Issuers from time to time pursuant to one or more purchase
agreements in accordance with applicable law.

Initial Notes and Additional
Restricted Notes that are offered and sold to QIBs in the United States of America in reliance on Rule 144A (the Rule 144A
Notes) shall be issued in the form of a permanent global note substantially in the form of Exhibit A, which is
hereby incorporated by reference and made a part of this Indenture, including appropriate legends as set forth in Section 2.1(e) (the
Rule 144A Global Note), deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for DTC, duly executed by the Issuers and
authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided. The Rule 144A Global Note may be represented by more than one certificate,
if so required by DTCs rules regarding the maximum principal amount to be represented by a single certificate. The aggregate
principal amount of the Rule 144A Global Note may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records
of the Trustee, as custodian for DTC or its nominee as hereinafter provided.

Initial Notes and any Additional
Restricted Notes that are offered and sold outside the United States of America (the Regulation S Notes) in
reliance on Regulation S shall initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (the Temporary Regulation S
Global Note). Beneficial interests in the Temporary Regulation S Global Note will be exchanged for beneficial interests
in a corresponding permanent global note substantially in the form of Exhibit A, including appropriate legends as set forth
in Section 2.1(e) (the Permanent Regulation S Global Note and, together with the Temporary
Regulation S Global Note, each a Regulation S Global Note), within a reasonable period after the expiration
of the Restricted Period (as defined below) upon delivery of the certification contemplated by Section 2.7 and in accordance
with the applicable procedures of DTC. Each Regulation S Global Note will be deposited upon issuance with, or on behalf of, the
Trustee as custodian for DTC in the manner described in this Article II for credit to the respective accounts of the purchasers
(or to such other accounts as they may direct), including, but not limited to, accounts at Euroclear or Clearstream.

Prior to the 40th day
after the later of the commencement of the offering of the Initial Notes and the Issue Date (such period through and including such 40th
day, the Restricted Period), interests in a Temporary Regulation S Global Note may only be transferred to Non-U.S.
Persons pursuant to Regulation S, unless exchanged for interests in a Global Note in accordance with the transfer and certification
requirements described herein.

The Regulation S Global
Notes may be represented by more than one certificate, if so required by DTCs rules regarding the maximum principal amount
to be represented by a single certificate. The aggregate principal amount of the Regulation S Global Note may from time to time
be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for DTC or their nominee, as applicable, as
hereinafter provided.

Initial Notes and Additional
Restricted Notes that are resold to IAIs (the Institutional Accredited Investor Notes) in the United States of America
shall be issued in the form of a permanent global note substantially in the form of Exhibit A, including appropriate legends
as set forth in Section 2.1(e) (the Institutional Accredited Investor Global Note), deposited with
the Trustee, as custodian for DTC, duly executed by the Issuers and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided. The Institutional
Accredited Investor Global Note may be represented by more than one certificate, if so required by DTCs rules regarding the
maximum principal amount to be represented by a single certificate. The aggregate principal amount of the Institutional Accredited Investor
Global Note may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for DTC or
its nominee, as applicable, as hereinafter provided.

Initial Notes and Additional
Restricted Notes resold to AIs in the United States of America shall be issued in the form of a Definitive Note substantially in the
form of Exhibit A, including the legend as set forth in Section 2.1(e)(4) (each, an Accredited
Investor Note).

The Rule 144A Global
Notes, the Regulation S Global Notes and the Institutional Accredited Investor Global Note are sometimes collectively herein referred
to as the Global Notes.

-33- 

Investors may hold their
interests in the Regulation S Global Note through organizations other than Euroclear or Clearstream that are participants in DTCs
system or directly through Euroclear or Clearstream, if they are participants in such systems, or indirectly through organizations which
are participants in such systems. If such interests are held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Euroclear and Clearstream will hold such
interests in the applicable Regulation S Global Note on behalf of their participants through customers securities accounts in
their respective names on the books of their respective depositaries. Such depositaries, in turn, will hold such interests in the applicable
Regulation S Global Note in customers securities accounts in the depositaries names on the books of DTC.

The principal of (and premium,
if any) and interest on the Notes shall be payable at the office or agency of Paying Agent designated by the Issuers maintained for such
purpose. The Issuers will maintain one or more Paying Agents for the Notes. The Bank of New York Mellon will initially act as the Principal
Paying Agent; provided, however, that, at the option of the Paying Agent, each installment of interest may be paid by (i) check
mailed to addresses of the Persons entitled thereto as such addresses shall appear on the Notes Register or (ii) wire transfer to
an account located in the United States maintained by the payee, subject to the last sentence of this paragraph. Payments in respect
of Notes represented by a Global Note (including principal, premium, if any, and interest) will be made by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to the accounts specified by DTC. Payments in respect of Notes represented by Definitive Notes (including principal,
premium, if any, and interest) held by a Holder of at least $1,000,000, aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by Definitive
Notes will be made by wire transfer to a U.S. Dollar account maintained by the payee with a bank in the United States if such Holder
elects payment by wire transfer by giving written notice to the Trustee or the Paying Agent to such effect designating such account no
later than 15 days immediately preceding the relevant due date for payment (or such other date as the Trustee may accept in its
discretion).

The Notes may have notations,
legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage, in addition to those set forth on Exhibit A and
in Section 2.1(e). The Issuers shall approve any notation, endorsement or legend on the Notes. Each Note shall be dated the
date of its authentication. The terms of the Notes set forth in Exhibit A are part of the terms of this Indenture and, to
the extent applicable, the Issuers, the Guarantors and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree
to be bound by such terms.

(d) Denominations.
The Notes shall be issuable only in minimum denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof.

(e) Restrictive
Legends. Unless and until (i) an Initial Note or an Additional Note issued as a Restricted Note is sold under an effective registration
statement, or (ii) the Trustee receives an Opinion of Counsel reasonably satisfactory to it stating that neither such legend nor
the related restrictions on transfer are required in order to maintain compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act:

(1) The
Rule 144A Global Notes and the Regulation S Global Notes, the Institutional Accredited Investor Global Notes and the Accredited
Investor Notes shall bear the following legend on the face thereof:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER
JURISDICTION. NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED,
ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO,
SUCH REGISTRATION.

-34- 

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE
HEREOF, AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED SECURITIES, TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE
TRANSFER SUCH SECURITY, PRIOR TO THE DATE (THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE) THAT IS [IN THE CASE OF RULE
144A NOTES: ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF, THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE ISSUANCE OF ANY ADDITIONAL
NOTES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUERS OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUERS WAS THE OWNER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH
SECURITY),] [IN THE CASE OF REGULATION S NOTES: 40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF AND THE DATE ON WHICH
THIS SECURITY (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH SECURITY) WAS FIRST OFFERED TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS (AS DEFINED IN RULE 902 OF REGULATION
S) IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S], ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUERS OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT
THAT HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE SECURITIES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A), TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYER AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM
NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (D) PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS THAT
OCCUR OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (E) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED
INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT IS NOT A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYER AND THAT IS PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ANOTHER INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR, IN EACH CASE IN
A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF SECURITIES OR (F) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE ISSUERS AND THE TRUSTEES RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES
(D), (E) OR (F) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/ OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH
OF THEM. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE.

[IN THE CASE OF REGULATION S NOTES:
BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON
AND IS ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.]

BY
ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS SECURITY, THE HOLDER THEREOF WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) NO PORTION
OF THE ASSETS USED BY SUCH HOLDER TO ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS SECURITY CONSTITUTES THE ASSETS OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT
TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL
RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE
CODE), OR A PLAN OR OTHER ENTITY SUBJECT TO PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER
LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA OR THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS), OR OF AN ENTITY WHOSE
UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS OF ANY SUCH PLAN, ACCOUNT OR ARRANGEMENT, OR (2) THE ACQUISITION
AND HOLDING OF THIS SECURITY BY SUCH HOLDER WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A SIMILAR VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAWS, AND NONE OF THE ISSUERS OF THE SECURITIES
NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES IS A FIDUCIARY (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE
CODE, IF APPLICABLE OR WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAW) OF, NOR HAS BEEN RELIED UPON FOR ANY INVESTMENT ADVICE
BY SUCH HOLDER IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH HOLDERS INVESTMENT IN THIS SECURITY.

-35- 

THIS
NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD TO THE PUBLIC IN LUXEMBOURG, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, AND NEITHER THE INDENTURE NOR ANY OTHER CIRCULAR,
PROSPECTUS, FORM OF APPLICATION, ADVERTISEMENT OR OTHER MATERIAL RELATED TO SUCH OFFER MAY BE DISTRIBUTED, OR OTHERWISE BE
MADE AVAILABLE IN OR FROM, OR PUBLISHED IN, LUXEMBOURG EXCEPT IF A PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN DULY APPROVED BY THE COMMISSION DE SURVEILLANCE
DU SECTEUR FINANCIER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, AS AMENDED (THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION) AND THE LUXEMBOURG
LAW OF JULY 16, 2019 ON PROSPECTUS FOR SECURITIES (THE PROSPECTUS LAW) OR THE OFFER BENEFITS FROM AN EXEMPTION TO OR CONSTITUTES
A TRANSACTION OTHERWISE NOT SUBJECT TO THE REQUIREMENT TO PUBLISH A PROSPECTUS FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION OR PROSPECTUS
LAW.

(2) The
Temporary Regulation S Global Note shall bear the following additional legend on the face thereof:

THIS SECURITY IS A TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE.
PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE RESTRICTED PERIOD APPLICABLE HERETO, BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN MAY NOT BE HELD BY ANY PERSON OTHER
THAN (1) A NON-U.S. PERSON OR (2) A U.S. PERSON THAT PURCHASED SUCH INTEREST IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN ARE NOT EXCHANGEABLE FOR PHYSICAL NOTES OTHER THAN A PERMANENT GLOBAL NOTE IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE TERMS OF THE INDENTURE. TERMS IN THIS LEGEND ARE USED AS USED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

(3) Each
Global Note, whether or not an Initial Note, shall bear the following legend on the face thereof:

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), NEW YORK, NEW YORK,
TO THE ISSUERS OR THEIR AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME
OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE &
CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE
OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE
LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO DTC, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE
AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE
INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF.

-36- 

(4) Each
Accredited Investor Note shall bear the following legend on the face thereof:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER THIS SECURITY
NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED
OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION.

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE
HEREOF (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT), (B) IT IS A NON-U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO SUCH PURCHASER IN THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH PURCHASE IS MADE
OR (C) IT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 501 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND (2) AGREES
TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH SECURITY, PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE HOLDING PERIOD WITH RESPECT TO RESTRICTED
SECURITIES SET FORTH IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUERS OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) FOR
SO LONG AS THE SECURITIES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A, TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT
OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHICH NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (C) PURSUANT
TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS THAT OCCUR OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO IT IN THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH PURCHASE IS MADE, (D) TO AN ACCREDITED
INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 501 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT IS ACQUIRING THE SECURITY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR FOR
THE ACCOUNT OF SUCH AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR, FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR FOR OFFER OR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH,
ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, (E) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (F) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES
ACT, SUBJECT TO THE ISSUERS RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (C), (D) OR (F) TO
REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUERS, AND IN EACH OF THE
FOREGOING CASES, A CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER IN THE FORM APPEARING ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THIS SECURITY IS COMPLETED AND DELIVERED BY
THE TRANSFEROR TO THE TRUSTEE OR REGISTRAR. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE
HOLDING PERIOD WITH RESPECT TO RESTRICTED SECURITIES SET FORTH IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

-37- 

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS SECURITY THE
HOLDER AND ANY SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE HEREOF WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (I) THE PURCHASER IS NOT
ACQUIRING OR HOLDING SUCH NOTE OR AN INTEREST THEREIN WITH THE ASSETS OF (A) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED
IN SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA) THAT IS SUBJECT TO ERISA, (B) A PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), (C) ANY ENTITY DEEMED TO HOLD PLAN ASSETS OF ANY
OF THE FOREGOING BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS OR PLANS INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY OR (D) A GOVERNMENTAL PLAN
OR CHURCH PLAN SUBJECT TO SUCH PROVISIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA OR THE CODE (COLLECTIVELY, SIMILAR LAWS)
OR (II) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF SUCH NOTE BY THE PURCHASER, THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS SUCH NOTE AND THE DISPOSITION
OF SUCH NOTE OR AN INTEREST THEREIN WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, A BREACH OF FIDUCIARY DUTY UNDER ERISA OR A VIOLATION OF ANY PROVISIONS OF ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAW.

(5) Any
Notes issued with original issue discount shall bear the following legend on the face thereof:

THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL
ISSUE DISCOUNT (WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 1272 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED). UPON WRITTEN REQUEST,
THE COMPANY WILL PROMPTLY MAKE AVAILABLE TO ANY HOLDER OF THIS NOTE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: (1) THE ISSUE PRICE AND ISSUE DATE
OF THE NOTE, (2) THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ON THE NOTE AND (3) THE YIELD TO MATURITY OF THE NOTE. HOLDERS SHOULD
CONTACT: ATTN: TREASURER, TRINSEO, GWATTSTRASSE 15, CH-8808 PFAEFFIKON SZ, SWITZERLAND.

(f) Book-Entry
Provisions. This Section 2.1(f) shall apply only to Global Notes deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for DTC.

(1) Each
Global Note initially shall bear legends as set forth in Section 2.1(e). Transfers of a Global Note (but not a beneficial
interest therein) will be limited to transfers thereof in whole, but not in part, to DTC, its successors or its respective nominees,
except as set forth in Section 2.1(f)(4) and Section 2.1(g). If a beneficial interest in a Global Note is
transferred or exchanged for a beneficial interest in another Global Note, the Notes Custodian will (x) record a decrease in the
principal amount of the Global Note being transferred or exchanged equal to the principal amount of such transfer or exchange and (y) record
a like increase in the principal amount of the other Global Note. Any beneficial interest in one Global Note that is transferred to a
Person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in another Global Note, or exchanged for an interest in another Global Note, will,
upon transfer or exchange, cease to be an interest in such Global Note and become an interest in the other Global Note and, accordingly,
will thereafter be subject to all transfer and exchange restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests
in such other Global Note for as long as it remains such an interest.

(2) Members
of, or participants in, DTC (Agent Members) shall have no rights under this Indenture with respect to any Global
Note held on their behalf by DTC or by the Notes Custodian as the custodian of DTC or under such Global Note, and DTC may be treated
by the Issuers, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuers or the Trustee as the absolute owner of such Global Note for all purposes whatsoever.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Issuers, the Trustee or any agent of the Issuers or the Trustee from
giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by DTC or impair, as between DTC and its Agent Members,
the operation of customary practices of DTC governing the exercise of the rights of a holder of a beneficial interest in any Global Note.

-38- 

(3) In
connection with any transfer of a portion of the beneficial interest in a Global Note pursuant to Section 2.1(g) to
beneficial owners who are required to hold Definitive Notes, the Notes Custodian shall reflect on its books and records the date and
a decrease in the principal amount of such Global Note in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest in the Global
Note to be transferred, and the Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery, one or more
Definitive Notes of like tenor and amount.

(4) In
connection with the transfer of an entire Global Note to beneficial owners pursuant to Section 2.1(g), such Global Note shall
be deemed to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation, and the Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and make
available for delivery, to each beneficial owner identified by DTC in exchange for its beneficial interest in such Global Note, an equal
aggregate principal amount of Definitive Notes of authorized denominations.

(5) The
registered Holder of a Global Note may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may
hold interests through Agent Members, to take any action which a Holder is entitled to take under this Indenture or the Notes.

(6) Any
Holder of a Global Note shall, by acceptance of such Global Note, agree that transfers of beneficial interests in such Global Note may
be effected only through a book-entry system maintained by (i) the Holder of such Global Note (or its agent) or (ii) any holder
of a beneficial interest in such Global Note, and that ownership of a beneficial interest in such Global Note shall be required to be
reflected in a book entry.

(g) Definitive
Notes. Except as provided below, owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes.
Definitive Notes shall be transferred to all beneficial owners in exchange for their beneficial interests in a Global Note if (A) DTC
notifies the Issuers that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for such Global Note or DTC ceases to be a clearing agency
registered under the applicable law, at a time when DTC is required to be so registered in order to act as depositary, and in each case
a successor depositary is not appointed by the Issuers within 90 days of such notice, (B) the Issuers in their sole discretion
execute and deliver to the Trustee and Registrar an Officers Certificate stating that such Global Note shall be so exchangeable
or (C) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Registrar has received a written request from DTC. In the event
of the occurrence of any of the events specified in the second preceding sentence or in clause (A), (B) or (C) of the
preceding sentence, the Issuers shall promptly make available to the Trustee a reasonable supply of Definitive Notes. In addition, any
Note transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuers or evidencing a Note that has
been acquired by an affiliate in a transaction or series of transactions not involving any public offering must, until one year after
the last date on which either the Issuers or any affiliate of the Issuers was an owner of the Note, be in the form of a Definitive Note
and bear the legend regarding transfer restrictions in Section 2.1(e). If required to do so pursuant to any applicable law
or regulation, beneficial owners may also obtain Definitive Notes in exchange for their beneficial interests in a Global Note upon written
request in accordance with DTCs and the Registrars procedures.

(1) Any
Definitive Note delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Note pursuant to Section 2.1(f) shall, except as otherwise
provided by Section 2.6(d), bear the applicable legend regarding transfer restrictions applicable to the Global Note set
forth in Section 2.1(d).

(2) If
a Definitive Note is transferred or exchanged for a beneficial interest in a Global Note, the Trustee will (x) cancel such Definitive
Note, (y) record an increase in the principal amount of such Global Note equal to the principal amount of such transfer or exchange
and (z) in the event that such transfer or exchange involves less than the entire principal amount of the canceled Definitive Note,
the Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery to the transferring Holder, a new Definitive
Note representing the principal amount not so transferred.

(3) If
a Definitive Note is transferred or exchanged for another Definitive Note, (x) the Trustee will cancel the Definitive Note being
transferred or exchanged, (y) the Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery, one
or more new Definitive Notes in authorized denominations having an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such transfer
or exchange to the transferee (in the case of a transfer) or the Holder of the canceled Definitive Note (in the case of an exchange),
registered in the name of such transferee or Holder, as applicable, and (z) if such transfer or exchange involves less than the
entire principal amount of the canceled Definitive Note, the Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and make available
for delivery to the Holder thereof, one or more Definitive Notes in authorized denominations having an aggregate principal amount equal
to the untransferred or unexchanged portion of the canceled Definitive Notes, registered in the name of the Holder thereof.

-39- 

(4) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Indenture, in no event shall a Definitive Note be delivered upon exchange or transfer of a beneficial
interest in the Temporary Regulation S Global Note prior to the end of the Restricted Period.

Section 2.2. Execution
and Authentication.

(a) One
Officer shall sign the Notes for each Issuer by manual or electronic signature. If the Officer whose signature is on a Note no longer
holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates the Note, the Note shall be valid nevertheless.

(b) A
Note shall not be valid until an authorized signatory of the Trustee authenticates the Note by manual or electronic signature. The signature
of the Trustee on a Note shall be conclusive evidence that such Note has been duly and validly authenticated and issued under this Indenture.
A Note shall be dated the date of its authentication.

(c) At
any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Trustee shall authenticate and make available
for delivery (1) Initial Notes issued on the Issue Date in an aggregate principal amount of $379,494,400 and from time to time,
in accordance with the terms hereof, PIK Notes, (2) subject to the terms of this Indenture, Additional Notes for original issue
in an unlimited principal amount and (3) under the circumstances set forth in Section 2.6(e), Initial Notes in
the form of an Unrestricted Global Note, in each case upon a written order of each Issuer signed by one Officer (the Issuer
Order). Such Issuer Order shall specify whether the Notes will be in the form of Definitive Notes or Global Notes, the amount
of the Notes to be authenticated, the date on which the original issue of Notes is to be authenticated, the Holder of the Notes and whether
the Notes are to be Initial Notes or Additional Notes.

(d) The
Trustee may appoint an agent (the Authenticating Agent) reasonably acceptable to the Issuers to authenticate the
Notes. Any such appointment shall be evidenced by an instrument signed by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, a copy of which shall
be furnished to the Issuers. Unless limited by the terms of such appointment, any such Authenticating Agent may authenticate Notes whenever
the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by the Authenticating
Agent. An Authenticating Agent has the same rights as any Registrar, Paying Agent or agent for service of notices and demands.

(e) In
case either Issuer or any Guarantor shall be consolidated or merged with or into any other Person or shall convey, transfer, lease or
otherwise dispose of its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person, and the successor Person resulting from such
consolidation, or surviving such merger, or into which either Issuer or any Guarantor shall have been merged, or the Person which shall
have received a conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition as aforesaid, shall have executed an indenture supplemental hereto with
the Trustee pursuant to which such other Person assumes the obligations of such Issuer or Guarantor, as the case may be, hereunder, any
of the Notes authenticated or delivered prior to such consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition may (but
shall not be required), from time to time, at the request of the successor Person, be exchanged for other Notes executed in the name
of the successor Person with such changes in phraseology and form as may be appropriate to reflect such successor Person, but otherwise
in substance of like tenor as the Notes surrendered for such exchange and of like principal amount; and the Trustee, upon the Issuer
Order of the successor Person, shall authenticate and make available for delivery Notes as specified in such order for the purpose of
such exchange. If Notes shall at any time be authenticated and delivered in any new name of a successor Person pursuant to this Section 2.2
in exchange or substitution for or upon registration of transfer of any Notes, such successor Person, at the option of the Holders
but without expense to them, shall provide for the exchange of all Notes at the time outstanding for Notes authenticated and delivered
in such new name.

-40- 

Section 2.3. Registrar
and Paying Agent.

(a) The
Issuers or their agent shall maintain a register reflecting ownership of the Notes outstanding from time to time. The Issuers will also
maintain a transfer agent. The initial transfer agent and registrar (the Registrar) will be, and the Issuers hereby
appoint as transfer agent (the Transfer Agent), The Bank of New York Mellon. The Registrar shall keep a register
of the Notes on behalf of the Issuers for so long as the Notes remain outstanding reflecting ownership of Notes outstanding from time
to time and of their transfer and exchange (the Notes Register) and, upon written request from either of the Issuers
or the Collateral Agent, the Registrar shall provide the Issuers or Collateral Agent, as applicable, with a copy of the Notes Register
to enable them to maintain a register of the Notes at their offices. The Collateral Agent may request the Notes Register from the Registrar
at any time and may rely on the most recently delivered Notes Register as true and correct until delivery of an otherwise updated Notes
Register. The Issuers may have one or more co-Registrars and one or more additional Paying Agents. The Paying Agents will make payments
on, and the Transfer Agents will facilitate transfer of, Notes on behalf of the Issuers. In the event that the Notes are no longer listed,
the Issuers or their agent will maintain a register reflecting ownership of the Notes. The term Paying Agent includes any
additional Paying Agent and the term Registrar includes any co-Registrar.

(b) The
Issuers shall enter into an appropriate agency agreement with any Registrar or Paying Agent not a party to this Indenture. The agreement
shall implement the provisions of this Indenture that relate to such agent. The Issuers shall notify the Trustee in writing of the name
and address of each such agent. Any Issuer may act as Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent.

(c) The
Issuers initially appoint The Bank of New York Mellon as Paying Agent. The Issuers may change any Registrar, Paying Agent or Transfer
Agent without prior notice to the Holders, but the Issuers shall provide written notice to such Registrar or Paying Agent and to the
Trustee; provided, however, that no such removal shall become effective until (i) acceptance of any appointment by
a successor as evidenced by an appropriate agreement entered into by the Issuers and such successor Registrar or Paying Agent, as the
case may be, and delivered to the Trustee and the passage of any waiting or notice periods required by DTC procedures, or (ii) written
notification to the Trustee that the Trustee shall serve as Registrar or Paying Agent until the appointment of a successor in accordance
with clause (i) above. The Registrar or Paying Agent may resign at any time upon written notice to the Issuers and the Trustee.

Section 2.4. Paying
Agent to Hold Money in Trust. By no later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on the date on which any principal of, premium, if
any, or interest on any Note is due and payable, the Issuers shall deposit with the Paying Agent a sum sufficient in immediately available
funds to pay such principal, premium or interest when due. The Issuers shall require each Paying Agent (other than the Trustee) to agree
in writing that such Paying Agent shall hold in trust for the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all money held by such Paying Agent for
the payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes (whether such assets have been distributed to it by the Issuers
or other obligors on the Notes), shall notify the Trustee in writing of any Default by the Issuers in making any such payment and shall
during the continuance of any Default by the Issuers (or any other obligor upon the Notes) in the making of any payment in respect of
the Notes, upon the written request of the Trustee, forthwith deliver to the Trustee all sums held in trust by such Paying Agent for
payment in respect of the Notes together with a full accounting thereof. If either Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Company acts as Paying
Agent, it shall segregate the money held by it as Paying Agent and hold it as a separate trust fund. The Issuers at any time may require
a Paying Agent (other than the Trustee) to pay all money held by it to the Trustee and to account for any funds or assets disbursed by
such Paying Agent. Upon complying with this Section 2.4, the Paying Agent (if other than the Issuers or a Subsidiary of the
Company) shall have no further liability for the money delivered to the Trustee. Upon any bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding
with respect to the Issuers, the Trustee shall serve as Paying Agent for the Notes.

Section 2.5. Holder
Lists. The Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names
and addresses of Holders and shall otherwise comply with TIA Section 312(a). If the Trustee is not the Registrar, or to the extent
otherwise required under the TIA, the Issuers, on their own behalf and on behalf of each of the Guarantors, shall furnish or cause the
Registrar to furnish to the Trustee, in writing at least five Business Days before each Interest Payment Date and at such other times
as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and
addresses of Holders and the Issuers shall otherwise comply with TIA Section 312(a).

-41- 

Section 2.6. Transfer
and Exchange

(a) A
Holder may transfer a Note (or a beneficial interest therein) to another Person or exchange a Note (or a beneficial interest therein)
for another Note or Notes of any authorized denomination by presenting to the Trustee a written request therefor stating the name of
the proposed transferee or requesting such an exchange, accompanied by any certification, opinion or other document required by this
Section 2.6. The Registrar will promptly register any transfer or exchange that meets the requirements of this Section 2.6
by noting the same in the Notes Register maintained by the Registrar for the purpose, and no transfer or exchange will be effective
until it is registered in such Notes Register. The transfer or exchange of any Note (or a beneficial interest therein) may only be made
in accordance with this Section 2.6 and Section 2.1(f) and Section 2.1(g), as applicable, and,
in the case of a Global Note (or a beneficial interest therein), the applicable rules and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream.
The Trustee shall refuse to register any requested transfer or exchange that does not comply with this Section 2.6.

(b) Transfers
of Rule 144A Notes and Institutional Accredited Investor Notes. The following provisions shall apply with respect to any proposed
registration of transfer of a Rule 144A Note or an Institutional Accredited Investor Note prior to the date that is one year after
the later of the date of its original issue and the last date on which either Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuers was the owner of
such Notes (or any predecessor thereto) (the Resale Restriction Termination Date):

(1) a
registration of transfer of a Rule 144A Note or an Institutional Accredited Investor Note or a beneficial interest therein to a
QIB shall be made upon the representation of the transferee in the form as set forth on the reverse of the Note that it is purchasing
for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is a
qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A, and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance
on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information regarding the Issuers as the undersigned has requested pursuant
to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon its foregoing
representations in order to claim the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A; provided that no such written representation
or other written certification shall be required in connection with the transfer of a beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global
Note to a transferee in the form of a beneficial interest in that Rule 144A Global Note in accordance with this Indenture and the
applicable procedures of DTC;

(2) a
registration of transfer of a Rule 144A Note or an Institutional Accredited Investor Note or a beneficial interest therein to an
IAI or an AI shall be made upon receipt by the Registrar or its agent of a certificate substantially in the form set forth in Section 2.8
or Section 2.10, respectively, from the proposed transferee and the delivery of an Opinion of Counsel, certification
and/or other information satisfactory to Issuers and the Registrar; and

(3) a
registration of transfer of a Rule 144A Note or an Institutional Accredited Investor Note or a beneficial interest therein to a
Non-U.S. Person shall be made upon receipt by the Registrar or its agent of a certificate substantially in the form set forth in Section 2.9
from the proposed transferee and the delivery of an Opinion of Counsel, certification and/or other information satisfactory to Issuers
and the Registrar.

(c) Transfers
of Regulation S Notes. The following provisions shall apply with respect to any proposed transfer of a Regulation S Note
prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period:

(1) a
transfer of a Regulation S Note or a beneficial interest therein to a QIB shall be made upon the representation of the transferee,
in the form of assignment on the reverse of the certificate, that it is purchasing the Note for its own account or an account with respect
to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within
the meaning of Rule 144A, is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has
received such information regarding the Issuers as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to
request such information and that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon its foregoing representations in order to claim the
exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A;

-42- 

(2) a
transfer of a Regulation S Note or a beneficial interest therein to an IAI or an AI shall be made upon receipt by the Registrar
or its agent of a certificate substantially in the form set forth in Section 2.8 or Section 2.10, respectively,
from the proposed transferee and the delivery of an Opinion of Counsel, certification and/or other information satisfactory to the Issuers
and the Registrar; and

(3) a
transfer of a Regulation S Note or a beneficial interest therein to a Non-U.S. Person shall be made upon receipt by the Registrar
or its agent of a certificate substantially in the form set forth in Section 2.9 hereof from the proposed transferee and
receipt by the Registrar or its agent of an Opinion of Counsel, certification and/or other information satisfactory to the Issuers.

After the expiration of the
Restricted Period, interests in the Regulation S Note may be transferred in accordance with applicable law without requiring the
certification set forth in Section 2.8, Section 2.9 or Section 2.10 or any additional certification.

(d) Restricted
Notes Legend. Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Notes not bearing a Restricted Notes Legend, the Registrar shall deliver
Notes that do not bear a Restricted Notes Legend. Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Notes bearing a Restricted Notes Legend,
the Registrar shall deliver only Notes that bear a Restricted Notes Legend unless (1) an Initial Note is being transferred pursuant
to an effective registration statement, (2) Initial Notes are being exchanged for Notes that do not bear the Restricted Notes Legend
in accordance with Section 2.6(e) or (3) there is delivered to the Registrar an Opinion of Counsel reasonably satisfactory
to it stating that neither such legend nor the related restrictions on transfer are required in order to maintain compliance with the
provisions of the Securities Act. Any Additional Notes sold in a registered offering shall not be required to bear the Restricted Notes
Legend.

(e) Automatic
Exchange from Global Note Bearing Restricted Notes Legend to Global Note Not Bearing Restricted Notes Legend. Upon the Issuers
satisfaction that the Restricted Notes Legend shall no longer be required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act, beneficial
interests in a Global Note bearing the Restricted Notes Legend (a Restricted Global Note) may be automatically exchanged
into beneficial interests in a Global Note not bearing the Restricted Notes Legend (an Unrestricted Global Note)
without any action required by or on behalf of the Holder (the Automatic Exchange) at any time on or after the date
that is the 366th calendar day after (1) with respect to the Notes issued on the Issue Date, the Issue Date or (2) with respect
to Additional Notes, if any, the issue date of such Additional Notes or, in each case, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next
succeeding Business Day (the Automatic Exchange Date). Upon the Issuers satisfaction that the Restricted
Notes Legend shall no longer be required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act, the Issuers shall (i) provide
written notice to DTC and the Trustee at least fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the Automatic Exchange Date, instructing DTC
to exchange all of the outstanding beneficial interests in a particular Restricted Global Note to the Unrestricted Global Note, which
the Issuers shall have previously otherwise made eligible for exchange with DTC, (ii) provide prior written notice (the Automatic
Exchange Notice) to each Holder at such Holders address appearing in the register of Holders at least fifteen (15)
calendar days prior to the Automatic Exchange Date (the Automatic Exchange Notice Date), which notice must include
(w) the Automatic Exchange Date, (x) the section of this Indenture pursuant to which the Automatic Exchange shall occur, (y) the
CUSIP number of the Restricted Global Note from which such Holders beneficial interests will be transferred and
(z) the CUSIP number of the Unrestricted Global Note into which such Holders beneficial interests will be transferred
and (iii) on or prior to the Automatic Exchange Date, deliver to the Trustee for authentication one or more Unrestricted Global
Notes, duly executed by the Issuers, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of Restricted Global Notes
to be exchanged into such Unrestricted Global Notes. At the Issuers written request on no less than five (5) calendar
days notice prior to the Automatic Exchange Notice Date, the Trustee shall deliver, in the Issuers name and at their expense,
the Automatic Exchange Notice to each Holder at such Holders address appearing in the register of Holders; provided that
the Issuers have delivered to the Trustee the information required to be included in such Automatic Exchange Notice.

-43- 

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Section 2.6(e), during the fifteen (15) calendar day period prior to the Automatic Exchange
Date, no transfers or exchanges other than pursuant to this Section 2.6(e) shall be permitted without the prior written
consent of the Issuers. As a condition to any Automatic Exchange, the Issuers shall provide, and the Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively
rely upon, an Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to the Issuers to the effect that the Automatic Exchange shall be effected
in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Restricted Notes Legend shall
no longer be required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and that the aggregate principal amount of the particular
Restricted Global Note is to be transferred to the particular Unrestricted Global Note by adjustment made on the records of the Trustee,
as custodian for DTC to reflect the Automatic Exchange. Upon such exchange of beneficial interests pursuant to this Section 2.6(e),
the aggregate principal amount of the Global Notes shall be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee,
as custodian for DTC, to reflect the relevant increase or decrease in the principal amount of such Global Note resulting from the applicable
exchange. The Restricted Global Note from which beneficial interests are transferred pursuant to an Automatic Exchange shall be canceled
following the Automatic Exchange.

(f) Retention
of Written Communications. The Registrar shall retain copies of all letters, notices and other written communications received pursuant
to Section 2.1 or this Section 2.6. The Issuers shall have the right to inspect and make copies of all such letters,
notices or other written communications at any reasonable time upon the giving of reasonable prior written notice to the Registrar.

(g) Obligations
with Respect to Transfers and Exchanges of Notes. To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Issuers shall, subject
to the other terms and conditions of this Article II, execute and the Trustee shall authenticate Definitive Notes and Global
Notes at the Issuers and Registrars written request.

No service charge shall be
made to a Holder for any registration of transfer or exchange, but the Issuers may require the Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover
any transfer tax assessments or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other than any such transfer taxes, assessments
or similar governmental charges payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant to Section 2.2, Section 2.6, Section 2.11,
Section 2.13, Section 4.5, Section 5.6 or Section 10.4).

The Issuers (and the Registrar)
shall not be required to register the transfer of or exchange of any Note (A) for a period beginning (1) 15 calendar days
before the mailing of a notice of an offer to repurchase or redeem Notes and ending at the close of business on the day of such mailing
or (2) 15 calendar days before an Interest Payment Date and ending on such Interest Payment Date or (B) called for redemption,
except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.

Prior to the due presentation
for registration of transfer of any Note, the Issuers, the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Registrar may deem and treat the Person in
whose name a Note is registered as the owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of, premium, if any, and
(subject to paragraph 2 of the form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A) interest on such Note and for all other purposes
whatsoever, including without limitation the transfer or exchange of such Note, whether or not such Note is overdue, and none of the
Issuers, the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Registrar shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Any Definitive Note delivered
in exchange for an interest in a Global Note pursuant to Section 2.1(g) shall, except as otherwise provided by Section 2.6(d),
bear the applicable legend regarding transfer restrictions applicable to the Definitive Note set forth in Section 2.1(e).

All Notes issued upon any
transfer or exchange pursuant to the terms of this Indenture shall evidence the same debt and shall be entitled to the same benefits
under this Indenture as the Notes surrendered upon such transfer or exchange.

(h) No
Obligation of the Trustee. None of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Registrar shall have any responsibility or obligation to
any beneficial owner of a Global Note, a member of, or a participant in, DTC or other Person with respect to the accuracy of the records
of DTC or its nominee or of any participant or member thereof, with respect to any ownership interest in the Notes or with respect to
the delivery to any Agent Member, participant, member, beneficial owner or other Person (other than DTC) of any notice (including any
notice of redemption or purchase) or the payment of any amount or delivery of any Notes (or other security or property) under or with
respect to such Notes. All notices and communications to be given to the Holders and all payments to be made to Holders in respect of
the Notes shall be given or made only to or upon the order of the registered Holders (which shall be DTC or its nominee in the case of
a Global Note). The rights of beneficial owners in any Global Note shall be exercised only through DTC, subject to the applicable rules and
procedures of DTC. The Trustee, any Paying Agent and any Registrar may rely and shall be fully protected in relying upon information
furnished by DTC with respect to its members, participants and any beneficial owners.

-44- 

None of the Trustee, the
Paying Agent and the Registrar shall have any obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions
on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including
any transfers between or among DTC participants, members or beneficial owners in any Global Note) other than to require delivery of such
certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by, the terms
of this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof. Neither
the Trustee nor any of its agents shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by DTC.

Section 2.7. Form of
Certificate to Be Delivered upon Termination of Restricted Period

[Date]

Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l.

Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC

26, boulevard Royal

L-2449 Luxembourg

Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

Attention: Manager

The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

with a copy to (which copy shall be delivered as an accommodation
and shall not be required to be delivered in satisfaction of any requirement hereof):

Ropes & Gray LLP

1211 Avenue of the America

New York, NY 10036-8704

Attn: Sam Badawi

Re: Trinseo
Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l. and Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC (the Issuers) 7.625% Second Lien Senior
Secured Notes due 2029 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter relates to Notes
represented by a temporary global note (the Temporary Regulation S Global Note). Pursuant to Section 2.1
of the Indenture dated as of January 17, 2025 relating to the Notes (the Indenture), we hereby certify
that the persons who are the beneficial owners of $379,494,400 principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Regulation S
Global Note are persons outside the United States to whom beneficial interests in such Notes could be transferred in accordance with
Rule 904 of Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Accordingly, you are hereby requested to
issue a Permanent Regulation S Global Note representing the undersigneds interest in the principal amount of Notes represented
by the Temporary Regulation S Global Note, all in the manner provided by the Indenture. We certify that we [are][are not] an Affiliate
of either Issuer.

The Trustee and the Issuers
are entitled to conclusively rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested
party in any administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this letter
have the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[Name of Transferor]

By: 

Authorized Signature

-45- 

Section 2.8. Form of
Certificate to Be Delivered in Connection with Transfers to IAIs

[Date]

Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l.

Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC

c/o Trinseo LLC

1000 Chesterbrook Boulevard

Suite 300

Berwyn, PA 19312

Attention: Chief Legal Officer

The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S.
r.l. and Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This certificate is delivered
to request a transfer of $379,494,400 principal amount of the 7.625% Second Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the Notes)
of Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l. and Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC (the Issuers).

Upon transfer, the Notes would be registered in
the name of the new beneficial owner as follows:

Name: 

Address: 

Taxpayer ID Number: 

The undersigned represents and warrants to you
that:

1. We
are an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)) purchasing for our own account or for the account of such an institutional
accredited investor at least $250,000 principal amount of the Notes, and we are acquiring the Notes not with a view to,
or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act. We have such knowledge and experience in
financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risk of our investment in the Notes and we invest in or
purchase securities similar to the Notes in the normal course of our business. We and any accounts for which we are acting are each able
to bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

-46-

2. We
understand that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act and, unless so registered, may not be sold except as permitted
in the following sentence. We agree on our own behalf and on behalf of any investor account for which we are purchasing Notes to offer,
sell or otherwise transfer such Notes prior to the date that is one year after the later of the date of original issue and the last date
on which either Issuer or any affiliate of either Issuer was the owner of such Notes (or any predecessor thereto) (the Resale
Restriction Termination Date) only (a) to the Issuers or any Subsidiary thereof, (b) pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act, (c) in a transaction complying with the requirements of Rule 144A under the Securities
Act, to a person we reasonably believe is a qualified institutional buyer under Rule 144A of the Securities Act (a
QIB) that is purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB and to whom notice is given that the transfer
is being made in reliance on Rule 144A, (d) pursuant to offers and sales to Non-U.S. Persons that occur outside the United
States within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (e) to an institutional accredited investor
within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act that is purchasing for its own account
or for the account of such an institutional accredited investor, in each case in a minimum principal amount of Notes of
$250,000 for investment purposes and not with a view to or for offer or sale in connection with any distribution in violation of the
Securities Act or (f) pursuant to any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, subject
in each of the foregoing cases to any requirement of law that the disposition of our property or the property of such investor account
or accounts be at all times within our or their control and in compliance with any applicable state securities laws. The foregoing restrictions
on resale will not apply subsequent to the Resale Restriction Termination Date. If any resale or other transfer of the Notes is proposed
to be made pursuant to clause (e) above prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, the transferor shall deliver a letter
from the transferee substantially in the form of this letter to the Issuers and the Trustee, which shall provide, among other things,
that the transferee is an institutional accredited investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or
(7) under the Securities Act) and that it is acquiring such Notes for investment purposes and not for distribution in violation
of the Securities Act. Each purchaser acknowledges that the Issuers and the Trustee reserve the right prior to any offer, sale or other
transfer prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date of the Notes pursuant to clause (d), (e) or (f) above to require
the delivery of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory to the Issuers.

3. We
[are][are not] an Affiliate of either Issuer.

TRANSFEREE: 

BY: 

Section 2.9. Form of
Certificate to Be Delivered in Connection with Transfers Pursuant to Regulation S

[Date]

Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l.

Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC

c/o Trinseo LLC

1000 Chesterbrook Boulevard

Suite 300

Berwyn, PA 19312

Attention: Chief Legal Officer

The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: Trinseo
Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l. and Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC (the Issuers) 7.625% Second Lien Senior
Secured Notes due 2029 (the Notes)

-47-

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with our proposed
sale of $[ ] aggregate principal amount of the Notes, we confirm that such sale has been effected pursuant to and in accordance with
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and, accordingly,
we represent that:

(a) the
offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States;

(b) either
(i) at the time the buy order was originated, the transferee was outside the United States or we and any person acting on our behalf
reasonably believed that the transferee was outside the United States or (ii) the transaction was executed in, on or through the
facilities of a designated offshore securities market and neither we nor any person acting on our behalf knows that the transaction has
been pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States;

(c) no
directed selling efforts have been made in the United States in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(a)(2) or Rule 904(a)(2) of
Regulation S, as applicable; and

(d) the
transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

In addition, if the sale
is made during a restricted period and the provisions of Rule 903(b)(2), Rule 903(b)(3) or Rule 904(b)(1) of
Regulation S are applicable thereto, we confirm that such sale has been made in accordance with the applicable provisions of Rule 903(b)(2),
Rule 903(b)(3) or Rule 904(b)(1), as the case may be.

We also hereby certify that
we [are][are not] an Affiliate of either Issuer and, to our knowledge, the transferee of the Notes [is][is not] an Affiliate of either
Issuer.

The Trustee and the Issuers
are entitled to conclusively rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested
party in any administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate
have the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[Name of Transferor] 

By: 

Authorized Signature

Section 2.10. Form of
Certificate to Be Delivered in Connection with Transfers to AIs

[Date]

Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l.

Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC

c/o Trinseo LLC

1000 Chesterbrook Boulevard

Suite 300

Berwyn, PA 19312

Attention: Chief Legal Officer

The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S.
r.l. and Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC

-48-

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This certificate is delivered
to request a transfer of $[ ] principal amount of the 7.625% Second Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the Notes)
of Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l. and Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC (the Issuers).

Upon transfer, the Notes
would be registered in the name of the new beneficial owner as follows:

Name: 

Address: 

Taxpayer ID Number: 

The undersigned represents and warrants to you
that:

1. I
am an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(4) under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act)) and I am acquiring the Notes not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution
in violation of the Securities Act. I have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating
the merits and risk of my investment in the Notes and I invest in or purchase securities similar to the Notes in the normal course of
my business. I am able to bear the economic risk of my investment.

2. I
understand that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act and, unless so registered, may not be sold except as permitted
in the following sentence. I agree on my own behalf to offer, sell or otherwise transfer such Notes prior to the date that is one year
after the later of the date of original issue and the last date on which either Issuer or any affiliate of either Issuer was the owner
of such Notes (or any predecessor thereto) (the Resale Restriction Termination Date) only (a) to the Issuers
or any Subsidiary thereof, (b) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (c) in a transaction
complying with the requirements of Rule 144A under the Securities Act, to a person I reasonably believe is a qualified institutional
buyer under Rule 144A of the Securities Act (a QIB) that is purchasing for its own account or for the
account of a QIB and to whom notice is given that the transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A, (d) pursuant to offers
and sales to Non-U.S. Persons that occur outside the United States within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act,
(e) to an institutional accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under
the Securities Act that is purchasing for its own account or for the account of such an institutional accredited investor,
in each case in a minimum principal amount of Notes of $200,000 for investment purposes and not with a view to or for offer or sale in
connection with any distribution in violation of the Securities Act or (f) pursuant to any other available exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, subject in each of the foregoing cases to any requirement of law that the disposition of my property
be at all times within my control and in compliance with any applicable state securities laws. The foregoing restrictions on resale will
not apply subsequent to the Resale Restriction Termination Date. Each purchaser acknowledges that the Issuers and the Trustee reserve
the right prior to any offer, sale or other transfer prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date of the Notes pursuant to clauses (d),
(e) or (f) above to require the delivery of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory to
the Issuers.

3. I
understand and acknowledge that upon the issuance thereof, and until such time as the same is no longer required under applicable requirements
of the Securities Act or state securities laws, the Notes that I acquire will be certificated Notes that will bear, and all certificates
issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof will bear, a restrictive legend set forth in Section 2.1(e) of
the Indenture.

-49-

4. I
am an Affiliate of the Issuers.

TRANSFEREE: 

BY: 

Section 2.11. Mutilated,
Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes

If a mutilated Note is surrendered
to the Registrar or if the Holder of a Note claims that the Note has been lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, the Issuers shall issue
and the Trustee shall authenticate a replacement Note if the requirements of Section 8-405 of the Uniform Commercial Code are met,
such that the Holder (a) satisfies the Issuers and the Trustee that such Note has been lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken within
a reasonable time after such Holder has notice of such loss, destruction or wrongful taking and the Registrar has not registered a transfer
prior to receiving such notification, (b) makes such request to the Issuers and the Trustee prior to the Note being acquired by
a protected purchaser as defined in Section 8-303 of the Uniform Commercial Code (a protected purchaser) and
(c) satisfies any other reasonable requirements of the Trustee; provided, however, if after the delivery of such replacement
Note, a protected purchaser of the Note for which such replacement Note was issued presents for payment or registration such replaced
Note, the Trustee and/or the Issuers shall be entitled to recover such replacement Note from the Person to whom it was issued and delivered
or any Person taking therefrom, except a protected purchaser, and shall be entitled to recover upon the security and/or indemnity provided
therefor to the extent of any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred by the Issuers or the Trustee in connection therewith. Such Holder
shall furnish security and/or indemnity sufficient in the judgment of the Trustee and the Issuers to protect them from any loss which
any of them may suffer from any claim, loss, cost or liability resulting from such lost or stolen Note, and, in the absence of notice
to the Issuers, any Guarantor or the Trustee that such Note has been acquired by a protected purchaser, the Issuers shall execute, and
upon receipt of an Issuer Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery, in exchange for any such mutilated Note
or in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a new Note of like tenor and principal amount, bearing a number not contemporaneously
outstanding.

In case any such mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Note has become or is about to become due and payable, the Issuers in their discretion may, instead of issuing
a new Note, pay such Note.

Upon the issuance of any
new Note under this Section 2.11, the Issuers may require that such Holder pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of counsel and of
the Trustee) in connection therewith.

Subject to the proviso in
the initial paragraph of this Section 2.11, every new Note issued pursuant to this Section 2.11, in lieu of any
mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Issuers, any Guarantor
(if applicable) and any other obligor upon the Notes, whether or not the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be at any time
enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes
duly issued hereunder.

The provisions of this Section 2.11
are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment
of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes.

Section 2.12. Outstanding
Notes

Notes outstanding at any
time are all Notes authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered to it for cancellation, those paid pursuant
to Section 2.11 and those described in this Section as not outstanding. A Note does not cease to be outstanding in the
event either Issuer or an Affiliate of either Issuer holds the Note; provided, however, that (i) for purposes of determining
which are outstanding for consent or voting purposes hereunder, the provisions of Section 13.5 shall apply and (ii) in
determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in making a determination whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of
outstanding Notes are present at a meeting of Holders of Notes for quorum purposes or have consented to or voted in favor of any request,
demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver, amendment or modification hereunder, or relying upon any such quorum, consent
or vote, only Notes which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows to be held by either Issuer or an Affiliate of either Issuer
shall not be considered outstanding.

-50-

If a Note is replaced pursuant
to Section 2.11 (other than a mutilated Note surrendered for replacement), it ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee
and the Issuers receive proof satisfactory to them that the replaced Note is held by a protected purchaser. A mutilated Note ceases to
be outstanding upon surrender of such Note and replacement pursuant to Section 2.11.

If the Paying Agent segregates
and holds in trust, in accordance with this Indenture, on a redemption date or maturity date, money sufficient to pay all principal,
premium, if any, and accrued interest payable on that date with respect to the Notes (or portions thereof) to be redeemed or maturing,
as the case may be, and the Paying Agent is not prohibited from paying such money to the Holders on that date pursuant to the terms of
this Indenture, then on and after that date such Notes (or portions thereof) cease to be outstanding and interest on them ceases to accrue.

Section 2.13. Temporary
Notes

In the event that Definitive
Notes are to be issued under the terms of this Indenture, until such Definitive Notes are ready for delivery, the Issuers may prepare
and the Trustee shall authenticate temporary Notes. Temporary Notes shall be substantially in the form, and shall carry all rights, of
Definitive Notes but may have variations that the Issuers consider appropriate for temporary Notes. Without unreasonable delay, the Issuers
shall prepare and the Trustee shall authenticate Definitive Notes. After the preparation of Definitive Notes, the temporary Notes shall
be exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon surrender of the temporary Notes at any office or agency maintained by the Issuers for that
purpose and such exchange shall be without charge to the Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one or more temporary Notes,
the Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Issuer Order, authenticate and make available for delivery in exchange
therefor, one or more Definitive Notes representing an equal principal amount of Notes. Until so exchanged, the Holder of temporary Notes
shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as a Holder of Definitive Notes.

Section 2.14. Cancellation

The Issuers at any time may
deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar and the Paying Agent shall forward to the Trustee any Notes surrendered
to them for registration of transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee and no one else shall cancel all Notes surrendered for registration
of transfer, exchange, payment or cancellation and dispose of such Notes in accordance with its internal policies and customary procedures
(subject to the record retention requirements of the Exchange Act and the Trustee). If the Issuers or any Guarantor acquire any of the
Notes, such acquisition shall not operate as a redemption or satisfaction of the Indebtedness represented by such Notes unless and until
the same are surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation pursuant to this Section 2.14. The Issuers may not issue new Notes
to replace Notes they have paid or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation for any reason other than in connection with a transfer
or exchange.

At such time as all beneficial
interests in a Global Note have either been exchanged for Definitive Notes, transferred, redeemed, repurchased or canceled, such Global
Note shall be returned by DTC to the Trustee for cancellation or retained and canceled by the Trustee. At any time prior to such cancellation,
if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, transferred in exchange for an interest in another Global
Note, redeemed, repurchased or canceled, the principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note shall be reduced and an adjustment
shall be made on the books and records of the Trustee (if it is then the Notes Custodian for such Global Note) with respect to such Global
Note, by the Trustee or the Notes Custodian, to reflect such reduction.

Section 2.15. Payment
of Interest; Defaulted Interest

Interest on any Note which
is payable, and is punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such
Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) is registered at the close of business on the regular record date for such payment at the office
or agency of the Issuers maintained for such purpose pursuant to Section 2.3. From the Issue Date through and including the
sixth Interest Payment Date following the Issue Date, the Issuers shall pay interest as follows: (a) 5.125% per annum in cash plus
(b) 2.50% per annum of the stated interest either (i) by increasing the principal amount of the outstanding Notes, or (ii) issuing
Additional Notes, unless the Issuers elect to instead pay such 2.50% per annum in cash. Thereafter until maturity, the entire 7.625%
per annum shall be payable in cash.

-51-

Any interest on any Note
which is payable, but is not paid when the same becomes due and payable and such nonpayment continues for a period of 30 days, shall
forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the regular record date, and such defaulted interest and (to the extent lawful) interest
on such defaulted interest at the rate borne by the Notes (such defaulted interest and interest thereon herein collectively called Defaulted
Interest) shall be paid by the Issuers, at their election in each case, as provided in clause (a) or (b) below:

(a) The
Issuers may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective predecessor
Notes) are registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date (as defined below) for the payment of such Defaulted Interest,
which shall be fixed in the following manner. The Issuers shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of Defaulted Interest proposed
to be paid on each Note and the date (not less than 30 days after such notice) of the proposed payment (the Special Interest
Payment Date), and at the same time the Issuers shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount
proposed to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Interest or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit prior
to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such Defaulted
Interest as in this Section 2.15(a). Thereupon the Issuers shall fix a record date (the Special Record Date)
for the payment of such Defaulted Interest, which date shall be not more than 20 calendar days and not less than 15 calendar
days prior to the Special Interest Payment Date and not less than 10 calendar days after the receipt by the Trustee of the
notice of the proposed payment. The Issuers shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of such Special Record Date, and in the name
and at the expense of the Issuers, the Trustee shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special
Record Date and Special Interest Payment Date therefor to be given in the manner provided for in Section 13.1, not less than
10 calendar days prior to such Special Record Date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special
Record Date and Special Interest Payment Date therefor having been so given, such Defaulted Interest shall be paid on the Special Interest
Payment Date to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business
on such Special Record Date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the provisions in Section 2.15(b).

(b) The
Issuers may make payment of any Defaulted Interest in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities
exchange on which the Notes may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, if, after written notice given by
the Issuers to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this Section 2.15(b), such manner of payment shall be deemed
practicable by the Trustee.

(c) The
Company shall make payments of interest in accordance with the provisions of Section 1 and Section 2 of the Notes. In connection
with the payment of any interest in kind, (x) if the Notes are represented by one or more Definitive Notes, by issuing additional
Definitive Notes to the relevant record Holder on the relevant Interest Payment Date (the PIK Notes) in an aggregate
principal amount equal to the relevant amount of interest to be paid in kind (rounded up to the nearest $1.00) and the Trustee will,
upon receipt of an Issuer Order, authenticate and deliver such PIK Notes in the form of Definitive Notes for original issuance to the
Holders on the relevant record date, as shown by the records of the Registrar and (y) if the Notes are represented by one or more
Global Notes registered in the name of, or held by, DTC or its nominee on the relevant record date, by increasing the principal amount
of the outstanding Global Note by an amount equal to the amount of in-kind interest for the applicable interest period (rounded up to
the nearest $1.00), and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Issuer Order, will increase the principal amount of the outstanding Global Note
by such amount. The issuance of any PIK Notes to any Holder shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes
held by such Holder. Any PIK Notes issued as Definitive Notes shall be dated as of the applicable Interest Payment Date and shall bear
interest from and after such date. All PIK Notes shall be governed by, and subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of, this Indenture
and shall have the same rights and benefits as the Notes issued on the initial issue date of such Notes. Any PIK Notes shall be issued
with the description PIK Note on the face of such Note. References in this Indenture and the Notes to the principal
amount of the Notes shall include any increase in the principal amount of the outstanding Notes as a result of any payment of
interest in kind. The Notes issued on the initial issue date, any increase in the balance of such Notes in connection with the payment
of any interest in-kind and any PIK Notes shall be treated as a single class for all purposes under this Indenture. Following an increase
in the principal amount of the outstanding Global Notes as a result of a payment of interest in kind, the Global Notes shall bear interest
on such increased principal amount from and after the date of such payment.

-52-

Subject to the foregoing
provisions of this Section 2.15, each Note delivered under this Indenture upon registration of, transfer of or in exchange
for or in lieu of any other Note shall carry the rights to interest accrued and unpaid, and to accrue, which were carried by such other
Note.

Section 2.16. CUSIP
and ISIN Numbers

The Issuers in issuing the
Notes may use CUSIP and ISIN numbers and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP and ISIN
numbers in notices of redemption or purchase as a convenience to Holders; provided, however, that any such notice may state
that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of
a redemption or purchase and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes, and any such
redemption or purchase shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such CUSIP and ISIN numbers. The Issuers shall promptly
notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP and ISIN numbers.

Article III

AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS

Section 3.1. Payment
of Notes.

(a) The
Issuers shall promptly pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes on the dates and in the manner provided in the
Notes and in this Indenture. Principal, premium, if any, and interest shall be considered paid on the date due if by 10:00 a.m. New
York time on such date the Trustee or the Paying Agent holds in accordance with this Indenture money sufficient to pay all principal,
premium, if any, and interest then due and the Trustee or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, is not prohibited from paying such money
to the Holders on that date pursuant to the terms of this Indenture. PIK Interest shall be considered paid on the date due if on such
date the Trustee has received (i) an Issuer Order, pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, from the Issuers signed by an Officer
of each Issuer to increase the balance of the outstanding Global Notes to reflect such PIK Interest or (ii) a PIK Note duly executed
by the Issuers together with an Issuer Order, pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, of each Issuer signed by an Officer of each
Issuer requesting the authentication of such PIK Notes by the Trustee.

(b) The
Issuers shall pay interest on overdue principal at the rate specified therefor in the Notes, and they shall pay interest on overdue installments
of interest at the same rate to the extent lawful.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Indenture, the Issuers may, to the extent they are required to do so by law, deduct or withhold income or other similar taxes
imposed by the United States of America from principal or interest payments hereunder.

(c) (1) All
payments that the Issuers make under or with respect to the Notes and that any Guarantor makes under or with respect to any Note Guarantee
will be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any Taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf
of the United States, any jurisdiction in which either Issuer or any Guarantor is incorporated, organized or otherwise resident for tax
purposes or from or through which any of the foregoing makes any payment on the Notes or by or within any department or political subdivision
or Governmental Authority or in any of the foregoing having the power to tax (each, a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction),
unless withholding or deduction is then required by law or by the official interpretation or administration of law. If either Issuer
or any Guarantor is required to withhold or deduct any amount for or on account of Taxes of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction from any payment
made under or with respect to the Notes, such Issuer or such Guarantor, as the case may be, will pay additional amounts (Additional
Amounts) as may be necessary to ensure that the net amount received by each Holder or beneficial owner of the Notes (including
Additional Amounts) after such withholding or deduction will be not less than the amount the Holder or beneficial owner would have received
if such Taxes had not been required to be withheld or deducted.

-53-

(d) Neither
Issuer nor any Guarantor will pay Additional Amounts to a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes in respect or on account of:

(1) any
Taxes that would not have been imposed or levied by a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction but for the holders or beneficial owners
present or former connection with such Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (other than the mere receipt or holding of Notes or by reason of
the receipt of payments thereunder or the exercise or enforcement of rights under the Notes, this Indenture or any Note Guarantee);

(2) any
Taxes that are imposed or withheld by reason of the failure of the Holder or beneficial owner of Notes to (i) comply with any certification
or identification requirements, whether required or imposed by statute, regulation or administrative practice of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction,
as a precondition to exemption from, or reduction in the rate of deduction or withholding of, Taxes imposed by the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction
(including, without limitation, a certification that the holder or beneficial owner is not resident in the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction),
but in each case only to the extent that the holder or beneficial owner, as the case may be, is legally entitled to provide such certification
or (ii) provide an IRS Form W-9 or applicable IRS Form W-8 (together with any required attachments and including any successor
forms;

(3) any
Taxes imposed by reason of such holder's past or present status as the actual or constructive owner of 10% or more of the total combined
voting power of all classes of stock of Trinseo US Holding, Inc. entitled to vote;

(4) any
Taxes imposed on a holder by reason of its past or present status as a bank that acquired the Notes in consideration for an extension
made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business;

(5) any
estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar Taxes;

(6) any
Tax which is payable otherwise than by deduction or withholding from payments made under or with respect to the Notes;

(7) any
Tax imposed on or with respect to any payment by the Issuers or a Guarantor to the holder if such holder is a fiduciary or partnership
or person other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent that Taxes would not have been imposed on such payment had
the beneficiary, partner or other beneficial owner directly held the Note;

(8) any
Tax that is imposed or levied by reason of the presentation (where presentation is required in order to receive payment) of the Notes
for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which such payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof
is duly provided for, whichever is later, except to the extent that the beneficial owner or holder thereof would have been entitled to
Additional Amounts had the Notes been presented for payment on any date during such 30 day period;

(9) any
Tax that is imposed or levied on or with respect to a Note presented for payment on behalf of a holder or beneficial owner who would
have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a member state of the
European Union or the United Kingdom; or

(10) any
U.S. backup withholding taxes;

(11) any
Tax due pursuant to the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, introducing a withholding tax on certain interest payments
to Luxembourg resident individuals; or

(12) any
withholding or deduction imposed pursuant to FATCA.

-54-

(e) The
Issuers and each Guarantor will (i) make such withholding or deduction required by applicable law and (ii) remit the full amount
deducted or withheld to the relevant taxing authority in accordance with applicable law.

(f) Upon
request, the Issuers or the relevant Guarantor will take reasonable efforts to furnish to the Trustee or a holder within a reasonable
time certified copies of tax receipts evidencing the payment by the Issuers or such Guarantor, as the case may be, of any Taxes imposed
or levied by a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction.

(g) If,
notwithstanding the reasonable efforts of the Issuers or such Guarantor to obtain such receipts, the same are not obtainable, then the
Issuers or such Guarantor will provide such holder with other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the holder of such payment by the Issuers
or such Guarantor.

(h) The
Issuers and each Guarantor shall pay (i) any present or future stamp, issue, registration, court documentation, excise or property
taxes or other similar taxes, charges and duties, including interest and penalties with respect thereto, imposed by any Relevant Taxing
Jurisdiction in respect of the execution, issue, delivery or registration of the Notes, any Note Guarantee or this Indenture or any other
document or instrument referred to thereunder or hereunder and any such taxes, charges, duties or similar levies imposed by any jurisdiction
as a result of, or in connection with, the enforcement of the Notes, such Note Guarantee or this Indenture or any such other document
or instrument following the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Notes, and (ii) any stamp, court, or documentary
taxes (or similar charges or levies) imposed by any Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction with respect to the receipt of any payments with respect
to the Notes or such Note Guarantee. Neither the Issuers nor any Guarantor will, however, pay such amounts that are (a) imposed
on or result from a sale or other transfer or disposition by a Holder or beneficial owner of a Note, or (b) any registration duties
due in Luxembourg in case of voluntary registration (prsentation lenregistrement) of the Notes, any Note
Guarantee or this Indenture or any other document or instrument referred to thereunder or hereunder, by a Holder or beneficial owner
of a Note with the Registration, Estates and VAT Department (Administration de lenregistrement, des domaines et de la TVA)
in Luxembourg or where such registration is not required to establish, maintain, preserve or enforce the rights of the Holder.

(i) Section 3.1(c) through
(j) will survive any termination, defeasance or discharge of this Indenture and shall apply mutatis mutandis to any
jurisdiction in which any successor person to the Issuers or any Guarantor is organized, incorporated or otherwise resident for tax purposes
and any political subdivision or taxing authority or agency thereof or therein.

(j) At
least 30 days prior to each date on which any payment under or with respect to the Notes is due and payable (unless such obligation to
pay Additional Amounts arises after the 30th day prior to the date on which payment under or with respect to the Notes is due and payable,
in which case it will be promptly thereafter), if the Issuers will be obligated to pay Additional Amounts with respect to such payment,
the Issuers will deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that such Additional Amounts will be payable and the amounts
so payable and setting forth such other information (other than the identities of Holders and beneficial owners) as is necessary to enable
the Trustee or Paying Agent, as the case may be, to pay such Additional Amounts to the Holders of such Notes on the payment date.

Section 3.2. Reports.

(a) Whether
or not required by the SEC, so long as any Notes are outstanding, if not filed electronically with the SEC through the SECs Electronic
Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval System (or any successor system) (EDGAR), the Company will furnish to the
Holders of the Notes, within fifteen (15) days after the time periods specified below:

(1) all
financial information of Trinseo PLC that would be required to be contained in a filing with the SEC on Forms 10-Q and 10-K (or Form 6-K
and Form 20-F if Trinseo PLC were a foreign private issuer as such term is defined under the rules and regulations
of the SEC), if Trinseo PLC were required to file such Forms, including a Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and, with respect to the annual information only, a report on the annual financial statements
by Trinseo PLCs certified independent accountants, within, in the case of annual information, 120 days after the end of each fiscal
year and within, in the case of quarterly information, 60 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal
year; and

-55-

(2) as
promptly as provided in the SECs rules and regulations, all current reports that would be required to be filed with the SEC
on Form 8-K (or Form 6-K if Trinseo PLC was a foreign private issuer as such term is defined under the rules and
regulations of the SEC) if Trinseo PLC were required to file such reports;

in each case, in a manner that complies in all
material respects with the requirements specified in such form. To the extent any such information is not so filed or furnished, as applicable,
within the time periods specified above and such information is subsequently filed or furnished, as applicable, the Company will be deemed
to have satisfied its obligations with respect thereto at such time and any Default with respect thereto shall be deemed to have been
cured. In addition, to the extent not satisfied by the foregoing, the Company agrees that, for so long as any Notes are outstanding,
it will furnish to Holders and to securities analysts and prospective purchasers, upon their request, the information required to be
delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.

(b) Substantially
concurrently with the furnishing or making such information available to the Holders pursuant to Section 3.2(a), unless otherwise
made available on EDGAR, the Company shall also post copies of such information required by Section 3.2(a) on a website
(which may be nonpublic and may be maintained by the Company or a third party) to which access will be given to Holders, prospective
purchasers of the Notes (which prospective purchasers shall be limited to qualified institutional buyers within the meaning
of Rule 144A of the Securities Act or non-U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) that certify their
status as such to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company), and securities analysts and market making financial institutions that
are reasonably satisfactory to the Company; provided, further, that such Holders, prospective investors, security analysts or
market makers will agree to (1) treat all such reports (and the information contained therein) and information as confidential,
(2) not use such reports (and the information contained therein) and information for any purpose other than their investment or
potential investment in the Notes and (3) not publicly disclose or distribute any such reports (and the information contained therein)
and information.

(c) The
Company may satisfy its obligations set forth in Sections 3.2(a) and (b) by furnishing reports relating to any
parent entity or holding company of Trinseo PLC (including by making such reports available through EDGAR).

(d) The
Company will also hold quarterly conference calls for the Holders of the Notes to discuss financial information for the previous quarter;
it being understood that such quarterly conference call may be the same conference call as with the lenders under any Credit Facility
(if applicable) or with any equity investors of the Companys (or any Parents) and analysts. In the event the Company (or
any Parent) does not hold any such conference call for equity investors and analysts, the conference call for the Holders of the Notes
will be held following the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts
to cause such call to be held not later than ten (10) Business Days from the time that the Company distributes the financial information
as set forth in Section 3.2(b). The Company will issue a press release announcing the time and date of such conference call
and providing instructions for Holders, securities analysts and prospective investors to obtain access to such call.

(e) Delivery
of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustees receipt of such
shall not constitute actual or constructive knowledge or notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information
contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of its covenants under this Indenture (as to which the Trustee is
entitled to rely exclusively on Officers Certificates).

Section 3.3. Maintenance
of Office or Agency. The Issuers will maintain an office or agency where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for payment, where,
if applicable, the Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices to or upon the Issuers in respect
of the Notes and this Indenture may be delivered. The Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee shall be such office or agency of the Issuers,
unless the Issuers shall designate and maintain some other office or agency for one or more of such purposes. The Issuers will give prompt
written notice to the Trustee of any change in the location of any such office or agency. If at any time the Issuers shall fail to maintain
any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations and surrenders may
be made at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and the Issuers hereby appoint the Trustee as their agent to receive all such presentations
and surrenders.

-56-

The Issuers may also from
time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes
and may from time to time rescind any such designation. The Issuers will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation
or rescission and any change in the location of any such other office or agency.

Section 3.4. Corporate
Existence. Except as otherwise provided in this Article III, Article IV and Section 10.2(b),
the Issuers will do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect their legal existence and
the corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other existence of each Restricted Subsidiary and the rights (charter and statutory),
licenses and franchises of the Issuers and each Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that the Issuers shall not be
required to preserve any such right, license or franchise or the corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other existence
of any Restricted Subsidiary if the respective Board of Directors or, with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Significant
Subsidiary (or group of Restricted Subsidiaries that taken together would not be a Significant Subsidiary), senior management of the
Company determines that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Company and each of its
Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and that the loss thereof is not, and will not be, disadvantageous in any material respect
to the Holders.

Section 3.5. Payment
of Taxes. Each Issuer shall pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged, before the same shall become delinquent, all material
taxes, assessments and governmental charges levied or imposed upon it or any of its Subsidiaries; provided, however, that
the Issuers shall not be required to pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged any such tax, assessment, charge or claim the
amount, applicability or validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves,
if necessary (in the good faith judgment of management of the relevant Issuer), are being maintained in accordance with GAAP or where
the failure to effect such payment will not be disadvantageous to the Holders.

Section 3.6. Payments
for Consent. The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid
any consideration to or for the benefit of any holder of Notes for or as an inducement to any consent, waiver or amendment of any of
the terms or provisions of this Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees unless such consideration is offered to be paid and is paid
to all holders of the Notes that consent, waive or agree to amend in the time frame set forth in the solicitation documents relating
to such consent, waiver or agreement.

Section 3.7. Compliance
Certificate. The Issuers shall deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Issuers an Officers
Certificate, one of the signers of which shall be the principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting
officer of the Company, stating that in the course of the performance by the signer of his or her duties as an Officer of the Company
he or she would normally have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default and whether or not the signer knows of any Default or Event
of Default that occurred during the previous fiscal year; provided that no such Officers Certificate shall be required
for any fiscal year ended prior to the Issue Date. If such Officer does have such knowledge, the certificate shall describe the Default
or Event of Default, its status and the action the Issuers are taking or propose to take with respect thereto.

Section 3.8. Statement
by Officers as to Default. Each Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days after
the Issuers become aware of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, an Officers Certificate setting forth the details
of such Event of Default or Default, its status and the actions which the Issuers are taking or propose to take with respect thereto.

Section 3.9. Additional
Collateral. Subject to the Intercreditor Agreements, at the Issuers expense, subject to the limitations and exceptions of
this Indenture, including, without limitation, the provisions of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and any applicable limitation
in any Collateral Document, the Issuers shall take all action necessary or reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent to ensure that
the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement continues to be satisfied, including always ensuring that the obligations are secured by a second
priority security interest in all Collateral, including, but not limited to, the Equity Interests of the Issuers and the Specified IP.

-57-

Section 3.10. Further
Assurances. The Issuers shall, promptly upon reasonable request by the Collateral Agent (a) correct any material defect or error
that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document or other document or instrument
relating to any Collateral, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register
any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as necessary from time to time in order to carry
out more effectively the purposes of the Collateral Documents, to the extent required pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement
and subject to the Intercreditor Agreements.

Article IV

NEGATIVE
COVENANTS

Section 4.1. Liens.
No Note Party shall, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following:

(a) Liens
pursuant to any Note Document;

(b) Liens
for Taxes, assessments or governmental charges that are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or that are being contested in
good faith and by appropriate actions; provided that adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the
applicable Person in accordance with GAAP or equivalent accounting principles in the relevant jurisdiction;

(c) Liens
securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 6.1(a)(5);

(d) Liens
in favor of a banking or other financial institution arising as a matter of Law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering
deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution including any netting and the right of setoff, and that are within the
general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institutions general terms and conditions;

(e) Liens
in favor of any Note Party;

(f) 
Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statement or similar filings;

(g) Liens
on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto;

(h) Liens
that are contractual rights of setoff or rights of pledge relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks or other financial
institutions not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness;

(i) Liens
to secure Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Section 4.2(g); and

(j) solely
with respect to Aristech or Altuglas:

(1) Liens
existing on the Issue Date and any modifications, replacements, renewals, refinancings or extensions thereof; provided, that (i) the
Lien does not extend to any additional property other than after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property
covered by such Lien and proceeds and products thereof, and (ii) the replacement, renewal, refinancing or extension of the obligations
secured or benefited by such Liens, to the extent constituting Indebtedness, is permitted by Section 4.2;

(2) Liens
for taxes, assessments or governmental charges that are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or that are being contested in
good faith and by appropriate actions; provided that adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books
of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP or equivalent accounting principles in the relevant jurisdiction;

-58-

(3) statutory
or common law Liens of landlords, sublandlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, repairmen, construction contractors or
other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and (x) which do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value
of any property or assets of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, or materially impair the operation of the business of Aristech or Altuglas,
as applicable, or (y) which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing
the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien;

(4) (i) pledges
or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, health, disability or employee benefits,
unemployment insurance and other social security laws or similar legislation or regulation or other insurance-related obligations (including
in respect of deductibles, self-insured retention amounts and premiums and adjustments thereto) and (ii) pledges and deposits in
the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect
of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to
Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable;

(5) deposits
to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), statutory
obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure
health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(6) (i) easements,
rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions), encroachments, protrusions, matters which would be disclosed by an accurate
survey or inspection of any Real Property and other, similar encumbrances and minor title defects affecting Real Property that do not
in the aggregate materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, and any exceptions
on the Mortgage Policies issued in connection with the Mortgaged Properties or (ii) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions (including
zoning restrictions) or encroachments that are reserved for the benefit of The Dow Chemical Company on any leased Real Property;

(7) Liens
securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default;

(8) leases,
licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not (i) interfere in any material
respect with the business of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, or (ii) secure any Indebtedness;

(9) Liens
(i) in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of Law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with
the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business or (ii) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds
of any Person securing such Persons obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit issued or created
for the account of such person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods in the ordinary course
of business;

(10) Liens
(i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of collection, (ii) attaching
to commodity trading accounts or other commodities brokerage accounts and (iii) in favor of a banking or other financial institution
arising as a matter of Law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial
institution and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institutions
general terms and conditions;

(11) Liens
on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 4.6
or, to the extent related to any of the foregoing, to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment, or consisting of an
agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 4.5, in each case, solely to the extent
such Investment or Disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien;

-59-

(12) Liens
attaching solely to cash earnest money deposits in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted hereunder;

(13) Liens
deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase agreements permitted under Section 4.6;

(14) Liens
encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other
brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;

(15) Liens
that are contractual rights of setoff or rights of pledge (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks or
other financial institutions not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness or (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep
accounts of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary
course of business of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable;

(16) ground
leases in respect of Real Property on which facilities owned or leased by Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable;

(17) any
interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor or sublicensor under leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses entered into by Aristech
or Altuglas, as applicable, in the ordinary course of business;

(18) Liens
arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale of goods entered into by Aristech or Altuglas,
as applicable, in the ordinary course of business permitted by this Indenture;

(19) Liens
to secure Indebtedness permitted under Section 4.2(j)(1); provided, that (i) such Liens are created within 270 days
of the acquisition, construction, repair, lease, replacement or improvement of the property subject to such Liens, (ii) such Liens
do not at any time encumber property (except for replacements, additions and accessions to such property) other than the property financed
by such Indebtedness and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits and (iii) with respect to Capitalized
Lease Obligations, such Liens do not at any time extend to or cover any assets (except for replacements, additions and accessions to
such assets) other than the assets subject to such Capitalized Lease Obligations and the proceeds and products thereof and customary
security deposits; provided, that individual financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross collateralized to other
financings of equipment provided by such lender;

(20) Liens
existing on property at the time of the acquisition thereof, in each case after the Issue Date (including Capital Leases as provided
for in Section 4.2); provided that (i) such Lien was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and (ii) such
Lien does not extend to or cover any other assets or property (other than the proceeds or products thereof and other than after-acquired
property subjected to a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other
obligations are permitted hereunder that require, pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of after-acquired property, it being
understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but
for such acquisition or such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary);

(21) (i) zoning,
building, entitlement and other land use regulations by Governmental Authorities with which the normal operation of the business complies,
and (ii) any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of
any real property that does not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable;

-60-

(22) Liens
arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statement or similar filings;

(23) Liens
on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto;

(24) Liens
on Securitization Assets purported to be sold or otherwise transferred in connection with a Permitted Securitization;

(25) the
modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Lien permitted by clauses (k)(xxii) and (k)(xxiv) of this Section 4.1;
provided that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property, other than (A) after acquired property that is
affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien and (B) proceeds and products thereof, and (ii) their modification,
renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens is permitted by Section 4.2 (to the
extent constituting Indebtedness); and

(26) other
Liens with respect to property or assets of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, securing obligations in an aggregate principal amount
outstanding at any time not to exceed $5,000,000.

The expansion of Liens by
virtue of accrual of interest and the payment of interest will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Liens for purposes of this Section 4.1.

Section 4.2. Indebtedness.
No Note Party shall, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except:

(a) Indebtedness
of any Note Party under the Note Documents (other than any Additional Notes);

(b) the
Intercompany Parent Note;

(c) intercompany
Indebtedness owing by the Company to Trinseo Finance in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of net proceeds received by Trinseo
Finance from or in connection with any JV Sale; provided that any such intercompany Indebtedness shall be unsecured and subordinated
to the Obligations in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Required Holders and be evidenced by an Intercompany Note which shall be
pledged to the Collateral Agent;

(d) intercompany
Indebtedness owing by the Company to any Foreign Guarantor in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of net proceeds received by
such Foreign Guarantor from a Disposition of its assets; provided that any such intercompany Indebtedness shall be unsecured and
subordinated to the Obligations in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Required Holders and be evidenced by an Intercompany Note which
shall be pledged to the Collateral Agent;

(e) obligations
owed by the Company or Trinseo Finance to any financial institution in respect of any overdraft and related liabilities arising from
treasury, depository and cash management services or any automated clearing house transfers of funds and other Indebtedness in respect
of netting services, overdraft protections and similar arrangements in each case in connection with deposit accounts;

(f) Indebtedness
consisting of (a) the financing of insurance premiums or (b) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each
case, in the ordinary course of business;

(g) Indebtedness
under the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement not to exceed the outstanding principal amount of term loans outstanding under the Super HoldCo
Credit Agreement on the Issue Date plus any capitalized interest thereon, as such amount is reduced from time to time pursuant to repayments
or other transactions with respect to Indebtedness under the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement;

-61-

(h) all
premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations
described in clauses (a) through (h) above;

(i) any
unsecured Guarantee by any Note Party of the obligations of any Affiliate of such Note Party to suppliers, distributors, customers and
licensees in the ordinary course of business;

(j) solely
with respect to Aristech or Altuglas:

(1) Indebtedness
outstanding on the Issue Date and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

(2) (i) Attributable
Indebtedness and other Indebtedness (including Capitalized Lease Obligations) financing an acquisition, construction, repair, replacement,
lease or improvement of a fixed or capital asset incurred by Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, prior to or within 270 days after the
acquisition, lease, construction, repair, replacement, or improvement of the applicable asset in an aggregate outstanding principal amount
not to exceed at any time outstanding $5,000,000, in each case determined at the time of incurrence, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof
and (ii) Attributable Indebtedness arising out of sale-leaseback transactions permitted by Section 4.5 and any Permitted
Refinancing thereof; provided, that no Indebtedness may be incurred pursuant to this clause (2) for the purposes of effectuating
a Liability Management Transaction;

(3) Indebtedness
in respect of Swap Contracts (as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date) designed to hedge against exposure
of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, to interest rates, foreign exchange rates or commodities pricing risks incurred in the ordinary
course of business and not for speculative purposes;

(4) Indebtedness
representing deferred compensation to employees of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(5) Indebtedness arising out of, or in connection with, Cash Management
Practices, provided that any such Indebtedness owed by Note Parties to Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Note Parties shall
be subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to a subordination agreement and related documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Required Holders;

(6) Indebtedness
consisting of (a) the financing of insurance premiums or (b) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each
case, in the ordinary course of business;

(7) Indebtedness
incurred by Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, in the form of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers acceptances or similar
instruments issued or created in the ordinary course of business, including in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability
or other employee benefits or property casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement
type obligations regarding workers compensation claims;

(8) obligations
in respect of performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and performance and completion guarantees and similar obligations provided by
Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, or obligations in the form of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments related
thereto, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice;

(9) to
the extent constituting Indebtedness, obligations of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, if a seller or servicer (or any obligation
of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, in respect of a seller or servicer) in a Permitted Securitization in respect of any Standard
Securitization Undertakings (as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date) as to such Permitted Securitization;

-62-

(10) Indebtedness
which, when aggregated with the principal amount of all other Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (xix) and then outstanding,
does not exceed $5,000,000, in each case determined at the time of incurrence, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof; and

(11) unsecured
Indebtedness in respect of obligations of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, to pay the deferred purchase price of goods or services
or progress payments in connection with such goods and services; provided that such obligations are incurred in connection with
open accounts extended by suppliers on customary trade terms in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing
of money; and

(12) [reserved];
and

(k) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Issuers will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume, guarantee, suffer to exist
or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable with respect to any Indebtedness that is incurred for the purposes of effectuating
a Liability Management Transaction (such creation, incurrence, assumption or guaranty being referred to as LMT Indebtedness),
unless each directly and adversely affected Holder promptly, or has been, offered an opportunity to fund or otherwise provide its pro
rata share (in each case, based on the amount of Obligations that are adversely affected thereby held by each such Holder and calculated
without regard to such LMT Indebtedness) of such LMT Indebtedness on the same terms as offered to all other Holders (other than bona
fide backstop or support fees and reimbursement of counsel and financial advisor fees and other expenses in connection with the negotiation
of the terms of such transaction) pursuant to a written offer made to each such Holder describing the material terms of such LMT Indebtedness,
which offer shall remain open to each such Holder for a period of not less than five Business Days; provided, however,
that any such Holder may designate any of its Affiliates to provide such LMT Indebtedness on its behalf with the Obligations of such
Holder being treated, for purposes hereof, as though such Holder had provided such LMT Indebtedness itself, without the written consent
of each such Holder; provided that the foregoing will not restrict the incurrence of LMT Indebtedness by any Issuer or any Subsidiary
in connection with any DIP Financing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither any Issuer nor any Guarantors shall be permitted to create,
incur, assume, guarantee, suffer to exist or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable with respect to any LMT Indebtedness that
is from or of a Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor (such creation, incurrence, assumption or guaranty being referred to as Non-Guarantor
LMT Indebtedness of Note Parties) to the extent that any Indebtedness of any Issuer or any such Subsidiaries, together with
any Non-Guarantor LMT Indebtedness of Note Parties, would or would reasonably be expected to result in two or more bankruptcy claims
against the same Guarantor (including direct claims and indirect claims, such as through an intercompany claim in connection with a double
dip), arising from one transaction or series of transactions relating to the same underlying Non-Guarantor LMT Indebtedness of
Note Parties, unless each directly and adversely affected Holder has been offered an opportunity to fund or otherwise provide its pro
rata share (based on the amount of Obligations that are adversely affected thereby held by each such Holder and calculated without regard
to such Non-Guarantor LMT Indebtedness of Note Parties) of such Non-Guarantor LMT Indebtedness of Note Parties on the same terms as offered
to all other such Holders (other than bona fide backstop or support fees and reimbursement of counsel and financial advisor fees and
other expenses in connection with the negotiation of the terms of such transaction) pursuant to a written offer made to each such Holder
describing the material terms of such Non-Guarantor LMT Indebtedness of Note Parties, which offer shall remain open to each such Holder
for a period of not less than five Business Days; provided, however, that any such Holder may designate any of its Affiliates
to provide such Non-Guarantor LMT Indebtedness of Note Parties on its behalf with the Obligations of such Holder being treated, for purposes
hereof, as though such Holder had provided such Non-Guarantor LMT Indebtedness of Note Parties itself, without the written consent of
each such Holder (the Pro Rata Offer Exception). Subject to the Pro Rata Offer Exception mutatis mutandis,
any LMT Indebtedness that benefits from pari passu liens on any Collateral may not also benefit from guarantees from any subsidiary
of any Issuer or any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor.

For purposes of determining
compliance with this Section 4.2, Indebtedness incurred under the Note Documents shall only be classified as incurred
under Section 4.2(a).

The accrual of interest and
the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness for purposes of
this Section 4.2. The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other discount security constituting Indebtedness
at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet of the applicable Note Party dated such date
prepared in accordance with GAAP.

-63-

Section 4.3. Subsidiaries.
No Note Party shall form or acquire any direct Subsidiary after the Issue Date.

Section 4.4. Fundamental
Changes. No Note Party shall merge, amalgamate, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or dispose of (whether
in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to
or in favor of any Person, except that (a) Trinseo Finance, Altuglas and Aristech may effect a Disposition permitted pursuant to
Section 4.5 and (b) the Luxembourg Loan Parties may undertake a Permitted Relocation.

Section 4.5. Dispositions.
No Note Party shall, directly or indirectly, make any Disposition or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition, except:

(a) the
JV Sale so long as (i) Trinseo Finance receives at least Fair Market Value therefor, (ii) 75% of the consideration is
paid in cash or Cash Equivalents (in each case free and clear of all Liens at the time received), and (iii) at the date of entry
into a definitive document for the JV Sale, no Default or Event of Default exists or will result therefrom, and on the closing date of
the JV Sale, no Event of Default pursuant to Section 6.1(a)(1), (8) or (9) exists or will result therefrom.

(b) Dispositions
that constitute a Restricted Payment permitted by Section 4.6, a Permitted Investment or Liens permitted by Section 4.1;

(c) Dispositions
of cash and Cash Equivalents;

(d) the
Note Parties may consummate the Transactions; and

(e) solely
with respect to Aristech or Altuglas:

(1) (x) Dispositions
of obsolete, worn out, used or surplus property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business and Dispositions
of property no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, and (y) Dispositions
to landlords of improvements made to leased real property pursuant to customary terms of leases entered into in the ordinary course of
business;

(2) Dispositions
of inventory, goods held for sale in the ordinary course of business and immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business (including
allowing any issuances, registrations or any applications for registration of any immaterial Intellectual Property to lapse or become
abandoned in the ordinary course of business);

(3) Dispositions
of property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property
or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property;

(4) Dispositions
that otherwise constitute a Restricted Payment permitted by Section 4.6 or a Permitted Investment (other than a Permitted
Investment pursuant to clause (d) or (y) of the definition thereof) and Liens permitted by Section 4.1;

(5) [reserved];

(6) (i) leases,
subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software or the licensing of other Intellectual Property rights) and termination
thereof, in each case in the ordinary course of business and which do not materially interfere with the business of Aristech or Altuglas,
as applicable, and (ii) Dispositions of Intellectual Property that are not material to the business of Aristech or Altuglas, as
applicable;

-64-

(7) transfers
of property subject to any event that gives rise to the receipt by a Person of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in
respect of any equipment, fixed assets or real property (including any improvements thereon) to replace or repair such equipment, fixed
assets or real property;

(8) Dispositions
or discounts without recourse of accounts receivable in connection with the compromise or collection thereof in the ordinary course of
business;

(9) so
long as Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, receives at least fair market value therefor (taking into account any Securitization Sellers
Retained Interest (as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date)), any sale of Securitization Assets in connection
with a Permitted Securitization;

(10) Dispositions
of property; provided, that (i) at the time of such Disposition no Event of Default shall exist or would result from such
Disposition (other than, except in the case of an Event of Default under Section 6.1(a)(1), any such Disposition made pursuant
to a legally binding commitment entered into at a time when no Event of Default exists) and (ii) Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable,
shall receive not less than 75% of such consideration in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents;

(11) any
swap of assets in exchange for services or other assets in the ordinary course of business of comparable or greater value or usefulness
to the business of the Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, as determined in good faith by the management of Aristech or Altuglas, as
applicable;

(12) the
unwinding of any Swap Contracts (as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date) pursuant to its terms; and

(13) Dispositions
in the aggregate pursuant to this clause (13) not to exceed $5,000,000, as determined at the time of such Disposition;

provided
that any Disposition of any property pursuant to Section 4.5(e)(10) or (13) shall be for no less than
the fair market value of such property at the time of such Disposition.

To the extent any Collateral is Disposed of as
expressly permitted by this Section 4.5 to any Person other than a Note Party, such Collateral shall be sold free and clear
of the Liens created by the Note Documents, and the Trustee or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, upon receipt of an Officers
Certificate and Opinion of Counsel, shall be authorized to take any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect the foregoing.

Section 4.6. Restricted
Payments. No Note Party (other than Trinseo PLC) shall declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except:

(a) so
long as no Event of Default exists or shall result therefrom (whether or not waived), (i) Trinseo Finance and Holdings may
make Restricted Payments, in each case, in an amount not to exceed the amount of Excess Cash Distributions (as such term
is defined in the JV Agreement) received on account of the JV Interests but not any special or liquidating dividend or distribution and
(ii) Aristech and Altuglas may make Restricted Payments in cash to Trinseo US Holding, Inc.;

(b) the
Company may make Restricted Payments as permitted by Section 7.06(b) and (c) of the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement as in
effect as of the date hereof; and

(c) Restricted
Payments by the Issuers with the proceeds from any prepayment of Indebtedness incurred by the Company under Section 4.2(c) to
the extent such prepayment was permitted herein.

-65-

Section 4.7. Certain
Undertakings Relating to Separateness. Each of the Note Parties (other than Trinseo PLC, Aristech and Altuglas) shall conduct its
business and operations separate and apart from that of any other Person (including the holders of its Equity Interests and their respective
Affiliates) and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Note Party (other than Trinseo PLC, Aristech and Altuglas) shall:

(a) not
become involved in the day to day management of any other Person, other than in the case of Trinseo Finance, its role as a member
of Americas Styrenics;

(b) not
engage in transactions with any other Person other than (i) entering into the Note Documents, (ii) in the case of the Company,
the making of the 2023 Incremental Term Loans, the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (each such term under,
and as defined in, the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date), (iii) activities permitted by its Organization
Documents, (iv) in the case of Trinseo Finance, the JV Agreement and activities permitted thereunder and (v) matters incident
or ancillary to the foregoing;

(c) observe
all formalities required of a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware, the State of Kentucky and of a private
limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite), organized and established under
the laws of Luxembourg, as applicable;

(d) (i) maintain
separate company records and books of account from any other Person and (ii) to the extent applicable, clearly identify its offices,
if any, as its offices and, to the extent that such Note Party and its Affiliates have offices in the same location, allocate fairly
and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with an Affiliate, including for services performed by an employee of an Affiliate;

(e) except
to the extent otherwise permitted by the Note Documents, maintain its assets separately from the assets of any other Person (including
through the maintenance of a separate bank account) in a manner that is not costly or difficult to segregate, identify or ascertain such
assets;

(f) maintain
separate financial statements (or if part of a consolidated group, then it will show as a separate member of such group), books and records
from any other Person;

(g) allocate
and charge fairly and reasonably any overhead shared with Affiliates;

(h) transact
all business with Affiliates on an arms length basis and pursuant to written, enforceable agreements, except to the extent otherwise
provided in the Note Documents;

(i) not
assume, pay or Guarantee any other Persons obligations or advance funds to any other Person for the payment of expenses or otherwise,
except pursuant to the Note Documents;

(j) conduct
all business correspondence and other communications in its own name, and use separate stationery, invoices, and checks;

(k) not
act as an agent of any other Person in any capacity except pursuant to contractual documents indicating such capacity and only in respect
of transactions permitted by its Organization Documents, the Note Documents and matters necessarily incident thereto;

(l) not
permit any Affiliate to guarantee, provide indemnification for, or pay its obligations, except for any indemnities and guarantees in
connection with the Note Documents or any consolidated tax liabilities, or except as permitted by its Organization Documents;

(m) compensate
its consultants or agents, if any, from its own funds;

(n) maintain
adequate capital in light of its contemplated business purpose, transactions and liabilities;

-66-

(o) fail
at any time to have at least one (1) Independent Manager on its board of managers; provided, however, if such Independent
Manager is deceased, withdraws, resigns or is removed for cause, such Note Party shall not breach or violate this Section 4.7(o) if
such Note Party uses commercially reasonable efforts to replace such Independent Manager with another Independent Manager acceptable
to the Required Lenders under, and as defined in, the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date, provided,
further, however, that during such period, no matter that requires the vote of the Independent Manager under such Note Partys
Organization Documents shall be considered, approved of, or otherwise voted on by the board of managers of any Note Party or any committee
or sub-committee thereof;

(p) appoint
any Person as an Independent Manager who does not satisfy the definition of an Independent Manager; and

(q) not
amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify its Organization Documents in violation of this Indenture or in any respect that would
impair its ability to comply with the Note Documents.

Each
Note Party hereby acknowledges that the Trustee and each Holder is entering into the transactions contemplated by this Indenture in reliance
upon each Note Partys (other than the Trinseo PLCs) identity as a legal entity that is separate from its Affiliates.

Section 4.8. Transactions
with Affiliates. No Note Party (other than Trinseo PLC) shall, directly or indirectly, enter into any transaction of any kind with
any Affiliate involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of $1,000,000 for any individual transaction or series of related
transactions, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than (i) transactions among Note Parties, (ii) 2023
Incremental Term Loans, the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (each such term under, and as defined in,
the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Issue Date) and all transactions related thereto, (iii) transactions permitted
under Section 4.2, Section 4.4, Section 4.5 or Section 4.6, (iv) transactions on
terms substantially as favorable to the Note Parties as would be obtainable by such Note Party at the time in a comparable arms-length
transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate, (v) the Intercompany Note or the Intercompany Parent Note, (vi) solely with
respect to Aristech or Altuglas; and (vii) transactions related to Cash Management Practices:

(a) so
long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred, transactions between Aristech and Altuglas on one hand, and Subsidiaries
of Trinseo PLC on the other hand, in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;

(b) on
terms substantially as favorable to Aristech or Altuglas as would be obtainable thereby at the time in a comparable arms-length
transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate;

(c) Restricted
Payments permitted under Section 4.6 and Permitted Investments;

(d) employment,
consulting, and severance and other service or benefit-related arrangements between Aristech or Altuglas and their respective officers
and employees in the ordinary course of business and transactions pursuant to stock option plans and other equity award and employee
benefit plans and arrangements in the ordinary course of business;

(e) the
payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, directors, officers, employees
and consultants of Aristech or Altuglas in the ordinary course of business;

(f) the
Transactions;

(g) transactions
pursuant to agreements in existence on the Issue Date (to the extent not otherwise permitted by this Indenture) or any amendment thereto
to the extent such an amendment is not adverse to the Holders in any material respect;

(h) transactions
related to Permitted Securitizations; and

(i) transactions
with customers, clients, joint venture partners, suppliers or purchasers or sellers of goods or services, in each case in the ordinary
course of business and otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Indenture that are fair to the Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable,
in the reasonable determination of the board of directors or the senior management thereof, or are on terms at least as favorable as
might reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party.

-67-

Section 4.9. Burdensome
Agreements. No Note Party shall enter into or permit to exist any contractual obligation (other than this Indenture, the Super HoldCo
Credit Agreement and documentation related thereto or any other Note Document) that limits the ability of any Note Party to create, incur,
assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person for the benefit of the Holders with respect to the Obligations or under the
Note Documents; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to contractual obligations which:

(a) exist
in the JV Agreement as of the Issue Date;

(b) arise
in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 4.4 or 4.5 and relate solely to the assets or Person subject
to such Disposition;

(c) arise
in connection with Indebtedness permitted by Section 4.2; and

(d) arise
in connection with cash or other deposits permitted under Section IV and the definition of Permitted Investments and limited
to such cash or deposit.

Section 4.10. Americas
Styrenics. Trinseo Finance shall not consent to any amendment to the JV Agreement that would materially and adversely affect the
interests of the Note Parties (taken as a whole) or the Holders.

Trinseo Finance shall not
consent, and shall cause its Class D Directors (as defined in the JV Agreement) not to consent, to Americas Styrenics incurring
any Indebtedness except (i) Indebtedness in respect of Capitalized Lease Obligations and equipment financing incurred in the ordinary
course of business, (ii) Indebtedness not to exceed $25,000,000 in the aggregate outstanding at any time and (iii) that certain
revolving facility in existence on the date hereof not to exceed $60,000,000 in the aggregate outstanding at any time; provided
that the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) shall only be used for working capital
and general corporate purposes but not to make distributions or dividends.

Section 4.11. OpCo
Credit Agreement. The Company shall not consent to any amendment to the OpCo Credit Agreement that would materially and adversely
affect the interests of the Holders, provided that the Company shall consent on the Issue Date to (a) entry into (i) that
certain 2025 Incremental Amendment to the OpCo Credit Agreement and (ii) the Superpriority RCF Credit Agreement and (b) the
incurrence of Indebtedness under the Superpriority RCF Credit Agreement.

Section 4.12. Accounting
Changes. No Note Party shall make any change in its fiscal year.

Section 4.13. Conduct
of Business. The Issuers will not, and will not permit any of their Restricted Subsidiaries to, engage in any businesses other than
any business conducted or proposed to be conducted by the Issuers and their Restricted Subsidiaries on the Issue Date or any business
that is similar, reasonably related, incidental or ancillary thereto or any reasonable extension thereof.

Section 4.14. Prepayments,
Etc. of Indebtedness.

(a) No
Note Party shall prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner (it being
understood that payments of regularly scheduled principal and interest shall be permitted) any Indebtedness that is required to be expressly
subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment or security pursuant to the terms of the Note Documents (collectively, Junior
Financing) or make any payment in violation of any subordination terms of any Junior Financing Documentation, except (i) [reserved],
(ii) the conversion of any Junior Financing to Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of Trinseo PLC, (iii) the prepayment
of Indebtedness of the Company owing to Trinseo Finance, a Foreign Guarantor or the prepayment of Indebtedness of Trinseo PLC owing to
the Company, in each case to the extent not prohibited by the subordination provisions contained in the Intercompany Note, the Intercompany
Parent Note, or such other intercompany note, as applicable, and (iv) prepayments or purchases of Junior Financings to the extent
such prepayments or purchases are not prohibited by the Junior Financing Documentation evidencing such Junior Financing.

-68-

(b) No
Note Party shall amend, modify or change in any manner materially adverse to the interests of the Holders any term or condition of any
Junior Financing Documentation without the consent of the Required Holders (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed; provided that, to the extent the same would be true under the Intercreditor Agreements, if and to the extent such
materially adverse amendment, modification or change is consented to by the agent under the Super Holdco Credit Agreement in accordance
with its terms (as in effect on the Issue Date), then such consent shall be deemed to be granted hereunder).

Section 4.15. Specified
IP Covenant.

(a) No
Note Party or Trinseo Europe shall terminate, suffer the termination, revocation, expiration or non-renewal of, amend, modify or otherwise
change in any manner any of the Specified IP License Agreements or any term and condition thereof, without the consent of the Required
Holders, in each case in a manner that is adverse to Aristech, Altuglas or the Holders.

(b) Following
the Issue Date, no Note Party or any of its Affiliates shall enter into any intellectual property license agreement, sublicense, covenant
not to sue or other license or similar arrangement allowing for the use of the Specified IP Rights by any Person (other than Aristech
or Altuglas) to use, develop, manufacture, sell, offer for sale, import or otherwise commercialize any products licensed under the applicable
Specified IP License Agreement (Licensed Products) in North America, other than contract manufacturing rights granted
to a Person (including a Note Party or any of its Affiliates) to manufacture Licensed Products for sale solely by or on behalf of Aristech
or Altuglas.

(c) No
Note Party or any of its Affiliates (other than Aristech or Altuglas) shall use or assist any third party to use any Specified IP for
purposes of using, developing, manufacturing, selling, offering for sale, importing or otherwise commercializing any Licensed Products
in North America, other than contract manufacturing rights granted to a Person (including a Loan Party or any of its Affiliates) to manufacture
Licensed Products for sale solely by or on behalf of Aristech or Altuglas.

(d) No
Note Party or any of its Affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, make any Disposition or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition
of any of the Specified IP Rights or the Specified IP License Agreements.

(e) In
the event of any failure to perform or observe any term, covenant, or agreement contained in this Section 4.15, the Amended
and Restated Specified IP License Agreements will automatically become effective and shall replace their respective Specified IP License
Agreements for purposes of this Indenture. In addition, any failure to perform or observe any term, covenant, or agreement contained
in this Section 4.15 by any Affiliate of any Note Party, including Trinseo Europe, will be considered a failure by the Note
Party for purposes of Article VI of this Indenture.

Section 4.16. No
Flowback. None of the Notes proceeds may be used in Switzerland in a manner which would constitute a use of proceeds in Switzerland
as interpreted by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration for purposes of Swiss Withholding Tax unless: (i) a tax ruling countersigned
by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration is obtained confirming that any such use of proceeds in Switzerland does not result in Swiss
Withholding Tax consequences, or (ii) any such use of proceeds in Switzerland does not result in any Swiss Withholding Tax consequences
under then applicable Swiss tax laws.

Article V

REDEMPTION
OF SECURITIES

Section 5.1. Notices
to Trustee.

(a) If
the Issuers elect to redeem Notes pursuant to the optional redemption provisions of Section 5.7 hereof, they must furnish
to the Trustee and the Collateral Agent, at least 5 days (or such shorter period acceptable to the Trustee) but not more than 60
days before delivering a notice of redemption to the Holders, an Officers Certificate setting forth:

(1) the
clause of this Indenture pursuant to which the redemption shall occur;

-69-

(2) the
redemption date;

(3) the
principal amount of Notes to be redeemed; and

(4) the
redemption price;

provided,
that any Officers Certificate pursuant to this Section 5.1 may be furnished more than 60 days prior to a redemption
date if (x) the Officers Certificate is furnished in connection with Article VIII or Article XI hereof
or (ii) such Officers Certificate relates to a redemption that is conditioned upon satisfaction (or waiver by the Issuers
in their sole discretion) of one or more conditions precedent and any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived
by the Issuers in their sole discretion).

(b) Any
optional redemption referenced in such Officers Certificate may be canceled by the Issuers at any time prior to notice of redemption
being sent to any Holder and thereafter shall be null and void.

Section 5.2. Selection
of Notes to Be Redeemed or Purchased.

(a) If
less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed pursuant to Section 5.7 or Section 5.9, the Trustee will select
Notes for redemption or purchase (a) if the Notes are in global form, in accordance with the procedures of DTC, and (b) if
the Notes are in definitive form, by lot (subject to adjustments to maintain the authorized Notes denomination requirements) except:

(1) if
the Notes are listed on any national securities exchange, in compliance with the requirements of the principal national securities exchange
on which the Notes are listed; or

(2) if
otherwise required by law.

(b) No
Notes in an unauthorized denomination of less than $2,000 and in integral multiples $1.00 in excess thereof shall be redeemed in part.
In the event of partial redemption, the particular Notes to be redeemed or purchased will be selected, unless otherwise provided herein,
not less than 15 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption or purchase date by the Trustee from the outstanding Notes not
previously called for redemption or purchase.

(c) The
Trustee will promptly notify the Issuers in writing of the Notes selected for redemption or purchase and, in the case of any Note selected
for partial redemption or purchase, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed or purchased. Notes and portions of Notes selected will
be in amounts of $2,000 or whole multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof; except that if all of the Notes of a Holder are to be redeemed
or purchased, the entire outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder, even if not a multiple of $1.00, shall be redeemed or purchased.
Except as provided in the preceding sentence, provisions of this Indenture that apply to Notes called for redemption or purchase also
apply to portions of Notes called for redemption or purchase.

Section 5.3. Notice
of Redemption.

(a) Except
in the case of redemptions due to a Change in Tax Law (for which the time frame will be as set forth in Section 5.9), at
least 15 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, the Issuers will send or cause to be delivered electronically
or mailed by first class mail postage prepaid, a notice of redemption to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed at its registered
address or otherwise in accordance with the procedures of DTC, except that redemption notices may be delivered electronically or mailed
more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction
and discharge of this Indenture pursuant to Article VIII or XI hereof or in the event the redemption date is delayed
as a result of any condition precedent to the occurrence thereof not being satisfied or waived by the Issuers.

-70-

(b) The
notice will identify the Notes (including the CUSIP or ISIN number) to be redeemed and will state:

(1) the
redemption date;

(2) the
redemption price;

(3) if
any Note is being redeemed in part, the portion of the principal amount of such Note to be redeemed and that, after the redemption date
upon surrender of such Note, a new Note or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion will be issued upon cancellation
of the original Note;

(4) the
name and address of the Paying Agent;

(5) that
Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price;

(6) that,
unless the Issuers default in making such redemption payment, interest on Notes called for redemption ceases to accrue on and after the
redemption date;

(7) the
paragraph of the Notes and/or Section of this Indenture pursuant to which the Notes called for redemption are being redeemed;

(8) that
no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP number, if any, listed in such notice or printed on the Notes;
and

(9) any
condition to such redemption.

(c) At
the Issuers request, the Trustee will give the notice of redemption in the Issuers name and at its expense; provided,
however, that the Issuers have delivered to the Trustee, at least 5 days prior to delivery of such notice of redemption to the
Holders (or such shorter period as is acceptable to the Trustee), an Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such
notice and setting forth the information to be stated in such notice as provided in the preceding paragraph.

(d) The
Issuers may provide in such notice of redemption that payment of the redemption price and performance of the Issuers obligations
with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person.

(e) Any
redemption and notice of redemption may, at the Issuers discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent
(including, in the case of a redemption related to an Equity Offering, the consummation of such Equity Offering) and if applicable, such
notice of redemption shall state that, in the Issuers sole discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time as any
or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuers in their sole discretion), or that such redemption may not occur
and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuers
in their sole discretion) or, in the good faith judgment of the Issuers, cannot be satisfied, by the redemption date as stated in such
notice, or by the redemption date as so delayed.

Section 5.4. Effect
of Notice of Redemption. Once notice of redemption is sent in accordance with Section 5.3 hereof, Notes called for redemption
become irrevocably due and payable on the redemption date at the redemption price. Notice of redemption may, at the Issuers option
and discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, as the case may be.

Section 5.5. Deposit
of Redemption or Purchase Price.

(a) By
no later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on the redemption or purchase date, the Issuers will deposit with the Trustee or with the
Paying Agent money sufficient to pay the redemption or purchase price of and accrued interest on all Notes to be redeemed or purchased
on that date. The Trustee or the Paying Agent will promptly return to the Issuers any money deposited with the Trustee or the Paying
Agent by the Issuers in excess of the amounts necessary to pay the redemption or purchase price of, and accrued interest on, all Notes
to be redeemed or purchased.

-71-

(b) If
the Issuers comply with the provisions of the preceding paragraph, on and after the redemption or purchase date, interest will cease
to accrue on the Notes or the portions of Notes called for redemption or purchase. If a Note is redeemed or purchased on or after an
interest record date but on or prior to the related Interest Payment Date, then any accrued and unpaid interest shall be paid to the
Person in whose name such Note was registered at the close of business on such record date. If any Note called for redemption or purchase
is not so paid upon surrender for redemption or purchase because of the failure of the Issuers to comply with the preceding paragraph,
interest shall be paid on the unpaid principal, from the redemption or purchase date until such principal is paid, and to the extent
lawful on any interest not paid on such unpaid principal, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes and in Section 3.1(a) hereof.

Section 5.6. Notes
Redeemed or Purchased in Part. Upon surrender of a Note that is redeemed or purchased in part, the Issuers will issue and, upon receipt
of an Issuer Order, the Trustee will authenticate for the Holder at the expense of the Issuers a new Note equal in principal amount to
the unredeemed or unpurchased portion of the Note surrendered; provided that each such new Note will be in a minimum principal
amount of $2,000 or integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof.

Section 5.7. Optional
Redemption.

(a) At
any time prior to January 17, 2026, the Issuers may redeem the Notes in whole or in part, at their option, at a redemption price
equal to 100.000% of the principal amount of such Notes redeemed plus the relevant Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest
to, but not including, the redemption date.

(b) At
any time and from time to time on or after January 17, 2026, the Issuers may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption
price equal to the percentage of the principal amount of such Notes set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes redeemed,
to, but not including, the applicable date of redemption, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on January 17 of
the year indicated below:

12 Month Period Commencing January 17 in year Percentage 

2026 103.813 %

2027 and thereafter 100.000 %

(c) Unless
the Issuers default in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for
redemption on the applicable redemption date.

(d) Any
redemption pursuant to this Section 5.7 shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.1 through Section 5.6.

(e) If
the optional redemption date is on or after an interest record date and on or before the related Interest Payment Date, the accrued and
unpaid interest will be paid to the Person in whose name the Note is registered at the close of business on such interest record date,
and no additional interest will be payable to Holders whose Notes will be subject to redemption by the Issuers.

Section 5.8. Mandatory
Redemption. Upon the occurrence of any event described in Section 2.05(b)(ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) of the Super
HoldCo Credit Agreement as in effect as of the date hereof or Sections 13(c) and (d) of the Foreign Guaranty, the Issuers shall,
within 10 Business Days thereafter, send a notice of redemption in accordance with this Article V setting a redemption date
not later than 30 days after the date of such notice, redeem the Notes at par plus accrued and unpaid interest to but not including such
redemption date; provided that until the obligations under the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement (other than contingent obligations)
are paid in full in cash, the Issuers shall not be required pursuant to this Section to redeem the Notes. Subject to the Intercreditor
Agreements, Issuers may at any time and from time to time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise.

-72-

Section 5.9. Tax
Redemption.

(a) The
Issuers may, at their option, redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time upon not less than 15 days nor more than
60 days notice to the Holders (which notice shall be given in accordance with the procedures described in Section 5.3),
at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including,
the redemption date, premium, if any, and all Additional Amounts, if any, then due and that will become due on the date of redemption
as a result of the redemption or otherwise, if the Issuers determine in good faith that any Issuer or any Guarantor is, or on the next
date on which any amount would be payable in respect of the Notes, would be obligated to pay Additional Amounts in respect of the Notes
pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof, which such Issuer or such Guarantor, as the case may be, cannot avoid by the use of reasonable
measures available to it (including, without limitation, making payment through a Paying Agent located in another jurisdiction), as a
result of:

(1) any
change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated thereunder) of any Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction affecting
taxation that becomes effective on or after the Issue Date or, in the case of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction that arises after the Issue
Date, the date on which such Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction became a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction under this Indenture (or, in the case
of a successor Person, after the date of assumption by the successor person of the obligations thereunder); or

(2) any
change in the official application, administration, or interpretation of the laws, regulations or rulings of any Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction
(including a holding, judgment, or order by a court of competent jurisdiction), on or after the Issue Date or, in the case of a Relevant
Taxing Jurisdiction has changed since the Issue Date, the date on which such Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction became a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction
under this Indenture (or, in the case of a successor Person, after the date of assumption by the successor person of the obligations
thereunder) (each of Section 5.9(a)(1) and Section 5.9(a)(2), a Change in Tax Law).

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Issuers may not redeem the Notes under this Section 5.9 if a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction changes under
this Indenture and the Issuers are obligated to pay Additional Amounts as a result of a Change in Tax Law of such Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction
that was officially announced at the time the latter became a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction.

(c) In
the case of a Guarantor that becomes a party to this Indenture after the Issue Date or a successor person (including a surviving entity),
the Change in Tax Law must become effective after the date that such entity (or another person organized or resident in the same jurisdiction)
becomes a party to this Indenture. In the case of Additional Amounts required to be paid as a result of the Issuers conducting business
in any jurisdiction other than a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, the Change in Tax Law must become effective after the date the Issuers
begin to conduct the business giving rise to the relevant withholding or deduction.

(d) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no such notice of redemption will be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuers
or any Guarantor would be obliged to make such payment of Additional Amounts or withholding if a payment in respect of the Notes or the
relevant Note Guarantee, as the case may be, were then due and (ii) unless at the time such notice is given, the obligation to pay
Additional Amounts remains in effect.

(e) Unless
the Issuers default in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for
redemption on the applicable redemption date.

(f) The
foregoing provisions shall apply mutatis mutandis to any successor Person, after such successor Person becomes a party to this
Indenture, with respect to a Change in Tax Law occurring after the time such successor person becomes a party to this Indenture.

-73-

Article VI

DEFAULTS
AND REMEDIES

Section 6.1. Events
of Default.

(a) Each
of the following is an Event of Default:

(1) default
in payment of interest, if any, on any Note when due and payable, continued for 30 consecutive days;

(2) default
in the payment of the principal amount of or premium, if any, on any Note issued under this Indenture when due at its Stated Maturity,
upon optional redemption, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise;

(3) failure
to comply for 60 days (or in the case of a failure to comply with Section 3.2, 120 days) after written notice by the
Trustee on behalf of the Holders or by the Holders of at least 30% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes with the Issuers
agreements or obligations contained in this Indenture (other than a default referred to in clause (1) or (2) above);

(4) default
under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any Indebtedness
for money borrowed by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (or the payment of which is Guaranteed by the Company or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries), other than Indebtedness owed to the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, whether such Indebtedness
or Guarantee now exists or is created after the Issue Date, which default:

(A) is
caused by a failure to pay principal of such Indebtedness, at its stated final maturity (after giving effect to any applicable grace
periods) provided in such Indebtedness; or

(B) results
in the acceleration of such Indebtedness prior to its stated final maturity (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods);

and, in each case, the principal amount
of any such Indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other such Indebtedness under which there has been a payment default
or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, aggregates $125.0 million or more;

(5) failure
by the Issuers or any Significant Subsidiary (or group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (determined as of the most recent consolidated
financial statements of the Issuers for a fiscal period end provided as required under Section 3.2) would constitute a Significant
Subsidiary), to pay final judgments aggregating in excess of $125.0 million other than any judgments covered by indemnities provided
by, or insurance policies issued by, reputable and creditworthy companies, which final judgments remain unpaid, undischarged and unstayed
for a period of more than 60 consecutive days after such judgment becomes final, and in the event such judgment is covered by insurance,
an enforcement proceeding has been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or decree which is not promptly stayed;

(6) any
Note Guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect, other than in accordance with the terms of this Indenture or a Guarantor denies
or disaffirms its obligations under its Note Guarantee, other than in accordance with the terms of this Indenture or upon release of
such Note Guarantee in accordance with this Indenture;

-74-

(7) any
security interest or Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent purported to be created by any Collateral Document in any material portion
of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, ceases to be in full force and effect, or is asserted by the Company or any Guarantor
in writing not to be a valid and perfected security interest in or Lien on the Collateral covered thereby (in each case, except (A) the
failure of the Collateral Agent to maintain possession of possessory Collateral received by it or to have filed UCC continuation statements,
which failure is not a direct result of any act, omission, advice or direction of the Company, (B) in connection with a transaction
expressly permitted under this Indenture or the Collateral Documents, in each case solely to the extent such termination or release is
permitted under this Indenture or the Collateral Documents, or (C) as a result of the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture
as set forth herein);

(8) any
Note Party:

(A) commences
a voluntary case or proceeding;

(B) consents
to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case or proceeding;

(C) consents
to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for substantially all of its property;

(D) makes
a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors;

(E) consents
to or acquiesces in the institution of a bankruptcy or an insolvency proceeding against it; or

(F) takes
any comparable action under any foreign laws relating to insolvency;

(9) a
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:

(A) is
for relief against the Company or any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Guarantors that, taken together as of
the latest audited consolidated financial statements for the Company, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, in an involuntary case;

(B) appoints
a Custodian of the Company, any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Guarantors that, taken together as of the
latest audited consolidated financial statements for the Company, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, for substantially all of
its property;

(C) orders
the winding up or liquidation of the Company, any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Guarantors that, taken together
as of the latest audited consolidated financial statements for the Company, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary;

(D) any
similar relief is granted under any foreign laws and the order, decree or relief remains unstayed and in effect for 60 consecutive days;
or

(E) a
Luxembourg Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Company or any Guarantor organized under the laws of Luxembourg that is a Significant
Subsidiary;

(10) a
Change of Control occurs; or

(11) a
Triggering Event occurs.

A Default under clauses (3),
(4), (5) or (11) above will not constitute an Event of Default until the Trustee or the Holders of at least 30% in principal amount
of the outstanding Notes notify the Issuers (and, in the case of notice from the Holders, the Trustee) of the Default and, with respect
to clauses (3) and (5), the Issuers do not cure such Default within the time specified in clauses (3) or (5), as applicable,
after receipt of such notice.

-75-

Section 6.2. Acceleration.

(a) If
an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default described in clause (8) or (9) of Section 6.1(a)) occurs
and is continuing, (i) the Trustee by notice to the Issuers or (ii) the Holders of at least 30% in principal amount of the
outstanding Notes by written notice to the Issuers and the Trustee, may declare the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid
interest on, all the Notes to be immediately due and payable as if the Notes were being redeemed on such date in accordance with Section 5.7.
Upon such a declaration, such principal, premium and accrued and unpaid interest will be due and payable immediately.

(b) In
the event of any Event of Default specified in clause (4) of Section 6.1(a) has occurred and is continuing,
such Event of Default and all consequences thereof shall be annulled, waived and rescinded, automatically and without any action by the
Trustee or the Holders, if within 30 days after such Event of Default arose:

(1) (x) the
Indebtedness that gave rise to such Event of Default shall have been discharged in full; or

(y) the
holders thereof have rescinded or waived the acceleration, notice or action (as the case may be) giving rise to such Event of Default;
or

(z) if
the default that is the basis for such Event of Default has been cured; and

(2) (a) the
annulment of the acceleration of the Notes would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction; and

(c) all
existing Events of Default, except nonpayment of principal, premium or interest on the Notes that became due solely because of the acceleration
of the Notes, have been cured or waived.

If an Event of Default described
in clause (8) or (9) of Section 6.1(a) occurs and is continuing, the principal of, premium, if
any, and accrued and unpaid interest on, all the Notes will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other
act on the part of the Trustee or any Holders as if the Notes were being redeemed on such date in accordance with Section 5.7.

If the principal of, premium,
and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes becomes due and payable as provided above (an Acceleration),
the principal of, and the premium, if any, and accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes that shall be due and payable in connection with
any payment that occurs following such Acceleration shall equal the redemption price at such time, as if such Acceleration were an optional
redemption of the Notes pursuant to Section 5.7 affected thereby on the date such amount is paid. Subject to applicable Law,
the amount described in the preceding sentence is intended to be liquidated damages and not unmatured interest or a penalty. EACH OF
THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTORS EXPRESSLY WAIVES (TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LAWFULLY DO SO) THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE
STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE REDEMPTION PRICE DESCRIBED ABOVE UPON ANY SUCH ACCELERATION.
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantors expressly agrees (to the fullest extent that it may lawfully do so) that: (A) the redemption
price is reasonable and is the product of an arm's length transaction between sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel;
(B) no portion of the redemption price described above shall constitute, or be deemed or considered to be, unmatured interest on
the Notes or other amount and none of the Issuers or any Guarantor shall argue under any circumstance that the redemption price described
above or any portion thereof constitutes unmatured interest on the Notes; (C) the redemption price described above shall be payable
notwithstanding the then prevailing market rates at the time payment is made; (D) there has been a course of conduct between the
Holders and the Issuers and the Guarantors giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the redemption
price described above; (E) each of the Issuers and each Guarantor shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as
agreed to in this paragraph; and (F) in view of the impracticability and extreme difficulty of ascertaining actual damages, the
Issuers and the Guarantors on the one hand, and each of the Holders, by holding the Notes, on the other hand, mutually agree that the
redemption price described above is a reasonable calculation of the Holders' lost profits as a result of any such prepayments and is
not a penalty. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuers or any Guarantors payment of the redemption price described above
shall not be in lieu of, or otherwise reduce or eliminate, the Issuers obligations to the Trustee, the Collateral Agent or any
other agent under this Indenture or any other Note Documents.

-76-

Section 6.3. Other
Remedies.

(a) If
an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may pursue any available remedy by proceeding at law or in equity to collect
the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of the Notes
or this Indenture.

(b) The
Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in the proceeding. A delay
or omission by the Trustee or any Holder in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair the right
or remedy or constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Event of Default. No remedy is exclusive of any other remedy. All available
remedies are cumulative.

Section 6.4. Waiver
of Past Defaults. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by written notice to the
Trustee may, on behalf of all of the Holders, (a) waive, by their consent (including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection
with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, Notes), an existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences under
this Indenture except (i) a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on a
Note or (ii) a Default or Event of Default in respect of a provision that under Section 9.2 cannot be amended without
the consent of each Holder affected and (b) rescind any acceleration with respect to the Notes and its consequences if (1) such
rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction, (2) all existing Events of Default
have been cured or waived except nonpayment of principal, premium, if any, or interest that has become due solely because of the acceleration,
(3) to the extent the payment of such interest is lawful, interest on overdue installments of interest, premium, if any, and overdue
principal, which has become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration, has been paid, (4) the Issuers have paid the
Trustee its compensation and reimbursed the Trustee for its reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances and (5) in the event
of the cure or waiver of an Event of Default of the type described in clause (4) of Section 6.1(a), the Trustee
shall have received an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that such Event of Default has been cured or waived.
No such rescission shall affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereto. When a Default or Event of Default is
waived, it is deemed cured, but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any consequent
right.

Section 6.5. Control
by Majority. The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may direct the time, method and place for conducting
any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or the Collateral Agent or for exercising any trust or power conferred on the
Trustee or the Collateral Agent, subject to the Intercreditor Agreements. However, the Trustee or the Collateral Agent may refuse to
follow any direction that conflicts with law, this Indenture, the Notes or the Intercreditor Agreements or, subject to Section 7.1
and Section 7.2, that the Trustee or the Collateral Agent determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders
or would subject the Trustee or the Collateral Agent to personal liability; provided, however, that the Trustee and the
Collateral Agent may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent that is not inconsistent with such direction.
Prior to taking any such action hereunder, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to indemnification satisfactory to
them against all fees, losses, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) that may be caused by taking or
not taking such action.

Section 6.6. Limitation
on Suits.

(a) Subject
to Section 6.7, a Holder may not pursue any remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes unless:

(1) such
Holder has previously given the Trustee written notice that an Event of Default is continuing;

-77-

(2) Holders
of at least 30% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes have requested in writing the Trustee to pursue the remedy;

(3) such
Holders have offered in writing to the Trustee security and/or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense;

(4) the
Trustee has not complied with such request within 60 days after the receipt of the written request and the offer of security and/or
indemnity; and

(5) the
Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes have not given the Trustee a written direction that is inconsistent
with such request within such 60-day period.

(b) A
Holder may not use this Indenture to prejudice the rights of another Holder or to obtain a preference or priority over another Holder
(it being understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not such actions or forbearances are
unduly prejudicial to such Holders).

Section 6.7. Rights
of Holders to Receive Payment. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture (including, without limitation, Section 6.6),
the right of any Holder to receive payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes held by such Holder, on or after
the respective due dates expressed or provided for in the Notes, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after
such respective dates, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder.

Section 6.8. Collection
Suit by Trustee. If an Event of Default specified in clause (1) or (2) of Section 6.1(a) occurs and
is continuing, the Trustee may recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Issuers for the whole
amount then due and owing (together with interest on any unpaid interest and, if any, to the extent lawful) and the amounts provided
for in Section 7.7.

Section 6.9. Trustee
May File Proofs of Claim.

(a) The
Trustee may file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the
Trustee or Collateral Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee,
the Collateral Agent, their agents and their counsel) and the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Issuers, their
Subsidiaries or their respective creditors or properties and, unless prohibited by law or applicable regulations, may be entitled and
empowered to participate as a member of any official committee of creditors appointed in such matter and may vote on behalf of the Holders
in any election of a trustee in bankruptcy or other Person performing similar functions, and any Custodian in any such judicial proceeding
is hereby authorized by each Holder to make payments to the Trustee and the Collateral Agent and, in the event that the Trustee or the
Collateral Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee or the Collateral Agent
any amount due it for the compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent, their agents and their
counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.7.

(b) No
provision of this Indenture shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee or the Collateral Agent to consent to or accept or adopt on behalf
of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder thereof
or to authorize the Trustee or the Collateral Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

-78-

Section 6.10. Priorities.

(a) Subject
to the Intercreditor Agreements, if the Trustee or the Collateral Agent collects any money or property pursuant to this Article VI
or, after an Event of Default, any money or other property distributable in respect of the Issuers obligations under this
Indenture, it shall pay out the money or property in the following order:

(1) FIRST:
to the Trustee (including any predecessor trustee) and the Collateral Agent, and their agents and attorneys for amounts due to them under
Section 7.7 of this Indenture or under any Note Document;

(2) SECOND:
to Holders for amounts due and unpaid on the Notes for principal of, or premium, if any, and interest ratably, without preference or
priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on the Notes for principal of, or premium, if any, and interest, respectively;
and

(3) THIRD:
to the Issuers, or to the extent the Trustee collects any amount for any Guarantor, to such Guarantor.

(b) The
Trustee may fix a record date and payment date for any payment to Holders pursuant to this Section 6.10. At least 15 days
before such record date, the Issuers shall send or cause to be sent to each Holder and the Trustee a notice that states the record date,
the payment date and amount to be paid.

Section 6.11. Undertaking
for Costs. In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee or the
Collateral Agent for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee or the Collateral Agent, a court in its discretion may require the
filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess reasonable
costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits
and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This Section 6.11 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee
or Collateral Agent, a suit by the Issuers, a suit by a Holder pursuant to Section 6.7 or a suit by Holders of more than
10% in outstanding principal amount of the Notes.

Article VII

TRUSTEE

Section 7.1. Duties
of Trustee.

(a) If
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture
and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise as a prudent person would use in the conduct of his or her own affairs.

(b) Except
during the continuance of an Event of Default:

(1) the
Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no implied covenants
or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and

(2) in
the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the
opinions expressed therein, upon certificates, opinions or orders furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this
Indenture or the Notes, as the case may be. However, in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any provisions hereof
are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall examine such certificates and opinions to determine whether
or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture or the Notes, as the case may be (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy
of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein).

(c) The
Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct,
except that:

(1) this
Section 7.1(c) does not limit the effect of clause (b) of this Section 7.1;

(2) the
Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer unless it is proved that the Trustee
was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;

-79-

(3) the
Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received
by it pursuant to Section 6.5; and

(4) No
provision of this Indenture or the Notes shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise Incur financial liability
in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or thereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable
grounds to believe that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.

(d) Every
provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 7.1.

(e) The
Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Issuers.

(f) Money
held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

Section 7.2. Rights
of Trustee. Subject to Section 7.1:

(a) The
Trustee may conclusively rely on and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order or other paper or document (whether in its original or electronic
form) reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper Person or Persons. The Trustee shall
receive and retain financial reports and statements of the Company as provided herein, but shall have no duty to review or analyze such
reports or statements to determine compliance with covenants or other obligations of the Company and shall not be deemed to have knowledge
of any matter contained therein.

(b) The
Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document. the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into
the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent,
order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make
such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such
further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Issuers, personally or by agent
or attorney at the sole cost of the Issuers and shall Incur no liability or additional liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry
or investigation.

(c) Before
the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers Certificate and/or an Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee shall
not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on an Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel.

(d) The
Trustee may execute any of the trusts and powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or through its attorneys and
agents and shall not be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any agent or attorney appointed with due care by it hereunder.

(e) The
Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith which it believes to be authorized or within its discretion,
rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture.

(f) The
Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection, and the advice or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization
and protection from liability in respect of any action taken, omitted or suffered by it hereunder or under the Notes in good faith and
in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel.

(g) The
Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default or whether any entity or group of entities constitutes
a Significant Subsidiary unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a Default or Event of Default or of any such Significant
Subsidiary is received by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references
the Notes and this Indenture.

-80-

(h) The
rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified,
are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and to each agent, custodian and other
Person employed to act hereunder.

(i) The
Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture or the Notes at the request,
order or direction of any of the Holders pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture, unless such Holders shall have offered to the
Trustee security and/or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which may be incurred therein
or thereby.

(j) The
Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any fact or matter unless such fact or matter is known to a Responsible Officer of the
Trustee.

(k) Whenever
in the administration of this Indenture or the Notes the Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior
to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder or thereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed)
may, in the absence of bad faith or willful misconduct on its part, conclusively rely upon an Officers Certificate.

(l) The
Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, coupon or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion,
may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make
such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine, during business hours and upon reasonable notice, the books,
records and premises of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries, personally or by agent or attorney, at the sole cost of the Issuers
and shall Incur no liability or additional liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation.

(m) The
Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the performance of its powers and duties hereunder.

(n) The
Trustee may request that the Issuers deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized
at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture or the Notes.

(o) In
no event shall the Trustee be liable to any Person for special, punitive, indirect, consequential or incidental loss or damage of any
kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or
damage.

(p) Unless
otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Issuers shall be sufficient if signed
by one Officer of the Issuers and any resolution of the Board of Directors may be sufficiently evidenced by a Board Resolution.

(q) The
Trustee shall have no obligation to monitor or verify compliance by the Issuers or any Guarantor with any other obligation or covenant
under this Indenture.

Section 7.3. Individual
Rights of Trustee. The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise
deal with the Issuers, Guarantors or their Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. Any Paying Agent, Registrar,
co-Registrar or co-Paying Agent may do the same with like rights. However, the Trustee must comply with Section 7.10 and
Section 7.11. In addition, the Trustee shall be permitted to engage in transactions with the Issuers and their Affiliates
and Subsidiaries; provided, however, that if the Trustee acquires any conflicting interest within the meaning of Section 310(b) of
the TIA, the Trustee must (i) eliminate such conflict within 90 days of acquiring such conflicting interest or (ii) resign.

Section 7.4. Trustees
Disclaimer. The Trustee shall not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity, sufficiency or adequacy of this
Indenture, or the Notes, shall not be accountable for the Issuers use of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes, shall not be
responsible for the use or application of any money received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee or any money or proceeds paid
to the Issuers pursuant to the terms of this Indenture and shall not be responsible for the recitals or any statement of the Issuers
in this Indenture or in any document issued in connection with the sale of the Notes or in the Notes, other than the Trustees
certificate of authentication, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee shall not be responsible
to make any calculation with respect to any matter under this Indenture. The Trustee shall have no duty to monitor or investigate the
Issuers compliance with or the breach of, or cause to be performed or observed, any representation, warranty, or covenant, or
agreement of any Person, other than the Trustee, made in this Indenture.

-81-

Section 7.5. Notice
of Defaults. If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing and if a Responsible Officer has received written notice thereof,
the Trustee shall send electronically or by first class mail to each Holder at the address set forth in the Notes Register notice of
the Default or Event of Default within 60 days after receipt of such notice by a Responsible Officer. Except in the case of a Default
or Event of Default in payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on any Note (including payments pursuant to the optional
redemption or required repurchase provisions of such Note), the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long it in good faith determines
that withholding the notice is in the interests of Holders.

Section 7.6. Reports
by Trustee to Holders. Within 60 days after each April 30 beginning April 30, 2025, the Trustee shall mail to each Holder
a brief report dated as of such April 30 that complies with TIA Section 313(a) if and to the extent required thereby.
The Trustee also shall comply with Trust Indenture Act Section 313(b)(2), to the extent applicable. The Trustee shall also transmit
by mail all reports as required by Trust Indenture Act Section 313(c).

Section 7.7. Compensation
and Indemnity.

(a) The
Company shall pay to the Trustee and the Collateral Agent from time to time such compensation, for their acceptance of this Indenture
and services hereunder, as the parties shall agree in writing from time to time. The Trustee and Collateral Agents compensation
shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuers and the Guarantors, jointly and severally,
shall reimburse the Trustee and the Collateral Agent promptly upon request for all out-of-pocket disbursements, advances and expenses
incurred or made by it in addition to the compensation for its services, including pursuant to the Collateral Agent Fee Letter. Such
expenses shall include the reasonable compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustees agents and counsel and the Collateral
Agents agents and counsel.

(b) The
Issuers and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, shall indemnify the Trustee, the Collateral Agent and each of their officers, directors,
employees, agents and any predecessor trustee and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents (the Trustee, the Collateral
Agent and each such party, an Indemnified Party) for, and hold each Indemnified Party harmless against, any and
all loss, damage, claims, liability or expense (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by any Indemnified
Party in connection with the acceptance and administration of this trust and the performance of its duties hereunder (including the reasonable
costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the Issuers or any of the Guarantors (including this Section 7.7)
or defending itself against any claim whether asserted by any Holder, any Issuer or any Guarantor or any holder of Pari Passu Indebtedness,
or liability in connection with the acceptance, exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder), including taxes (but
excluding taxes imposed on such Persons in connection with compensation for such administration or performance). Each Indemnified Party
shall notify the Company promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity. Failure by such Indemnified Party to so notify the Company
shall not relieve the Issuers and the Guarantors of their obligations hereunder. The Company shall defend the claim and each Indemnified
Party may have separate counsel and the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. Neither Issuer nor any Guarantor
need reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by the Trustee due to the Trustees own
willful misconduct or negligence as determined by a final order of a court of competent jurisdiction. Neither Issuer nor any Guarantor
need reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by the Collateral Agent due to the Collateral
Agents own willful misconduct or gross negligence as determined by a final order of a court of competent jurisdiction. Neither
Issuer nor any Guarantor need pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(c) The
obligations of the Company under this Section 7.7 shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the earlier
resignation or removal of the Trustee or the Collateral Agent or the termination for any reason of this Indenture.

-82-

(d) To
secure the payment obligations of the Issuers and the Guarantors in this Section 7.7, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent
shall have a Lien prior to the Notes on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee or Collateral Agent, except money or property
held in trust to pay principal and interest on particular Notes. Such Lien shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture,
the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee or the Collateral Agent or the termination for any reason of this Indenture.

(e) When
the Trustee or the Collateral Agent Incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(a)(7) or
Section 6.1(a)(8) hereof occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services (including the reasonable fees and
expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law.

Section 7.8. Replacement
of Trustee.

(a) The
Trustee may resign at any time by so notifying the Issuers in writing not less than 30 days prior to the effective date of such resignation.
The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes may remove the Trustee by so notifying the removed Trustee in writing not
less than 30 days prior to the effective date of such removal and may appoint a successor Trustee with the Issuers written
consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. The Issuers shall remove the Trustee if:

(1) the
Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10 hereof;

(2) the
Trustee is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent;

(3) the
Trustee has or acquires a conflict of interest that is not eliminated;

(4) a
receiver or other public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or

(4) the
Trustee otherwise becomes incapable of acting.

(b) If
the Trustee resigns or is removed by the Issuers or by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes and such Holders do
not reasonably promptly appoint a successor Trustee as described in the preceding paragraph, or if a vacancy exists in the office of
the Trustee for any reason (the Trustee in such event being referred to herein as the retiring Trustee), the Issuers shall promptly appoint
a successor Trustee.

(c) A
successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Issuers. Thereupon the resignation
or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of
the Trustee under this Indenture. The successor Trustee shall mail a notice of its succession to Holders. The retiring Trustee shall,
at the expense of the Issuers, promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee, subject to the Lien provided
for in Section 7.7.

(d) If
a successor Trustee does not take office within 60 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee or
the Holders of at least 10% in principal amount of the Notes may petition, at the Issuers expense, any court of competent jurisdiction
for the appointment of a successor Trustee.

(e) If
the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10, any Holder who has been a bona fide holder of a Note for at least six
months may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee.

(f) Notwithstanding
the replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 7.8, the Issuers obligations under Section 7.7
shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee. The predecessor Trustee shall have no liability for any action or inaction of
any successor Trustee.

-83-

Section 7.9. Successor
Trustee by Merger.

(a) If
the Trustee consolidates with, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all its corporate trust business or assets
to, another corporation or banking association, the resulting, surviving or transferee corporation or banking association without any
further act shall be the successor Trustee.

(b) In
case at the time such successor or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created
by this Indenture, any of the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt the
certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee, and deliver such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that time any of the
Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name of any predecessor
hereunder or in the name of the successor to the Trustee; provided that the right to adopt the certificate of authentication of
any predecessor Trustee or authenticate Notes in the name of any predecessor Trustee shall only apply to its successor or successors
by merger, consolidation or conversion.

Section 7.10. Eligibility;
Disqualification. This Indenture shall always have a Trustee that satisfies the requirements of TIA Sections 310(a)(1), (2) and
(5) in every respect. The Trustee shall have a combined capital and surplus of at least $100 million as set forth in its most
recent published annual report of condition. The Trustee shall comply with TIA Section 310(b); provided, however,
that there shall be excluded from the operation of TIA Section 310(b)(1) any indenture or indentures under which other securities
or certificates of interest or participation in other securities of the Issuers are outstanding if the requirements for such exclusion
set forth in TIA Section 310(b)(1) are met.

Section 7.11. Preferential
Collection of Claims Against the Issuers. The Trustee shall comply with TIA Section 311(a), excluding any creditor relationship
listed in TIA Section 311(b). A Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to TIA Section 311(a) to the
extent indicated.

Section 7.12. FATCA
Withholding.

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to make a deduction or withholding from any payment that it makes
under this Indenture for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or charges if and to the extent so required by FATCA, including
by virtue of the relevant holder failing to satisfy any certification or other requirements under FATCA in respect of the Notes, in which
event the Trustee shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant authorities
for the amount so withheld or deducted, and shall have no obligation to gross up any payment hereunder or pay any additional amount as
a result of such withholding tax.

(b) The
Issuers hereby covenant with the Trustee that they will provide the Trustee with sufficient information to enable the Trustee
to determine whether or not the Trustee is obliged, in respect of any payments to be made by it pursuant to this Indenture, to make any
withholding or deduction pursuant to FATCA.

Section 7.13. Trustees
Application for Instruction from the Issuers. Any application by the Trustee for written instructions from the Issuers may, at the
option of the Trustee, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken or omitted by the Trustee under this Indenture and the date
on and/or after which such action shall be taken or such omission shall be effective. The Trustee shall not be liable for any action
taken by, or omission of, the Trustee in accordance with a proposal included in such application on or after the date specified in such
application (which date shall not be less than three Business Days after the date any Officer of the Issuers actually receives such application,
unless any such Officer shall have consented in writing to any earlier date) unless prior to taking any such action (or the effective
date in the case of an omission), the Trustee shall have received written instructions in response to such application specifying the
action to be taken or omitted.

-84-

Article VIII

COLLATERAL
and SECURITY

Section 8.1. Security
Interest; Collateral Agent.

(a) The
due and punctual payment of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes when and as the same shall be due and payable,
whether on an Interest Payment Date, at maturity, by acceleration, repurchase, redemption, prepayment, demand or otherwise, and interest
on the overdue principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes and payment and performance of all other obligations of the
Issuers and the Guarantors to the Holders, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent under this Indenture, the Notes and the Note Guarantees,
according to the terms hereunder or thereunder, are secured as provided in the Collateral Documents.

(b) The
Issuers consent and agree to be bound, and to cause the Guarantors to consent and agree to be bound by the terms of the Collateral Documents,
as the same may be in effect from time to time, and agrees to perform its, and to cause the Guarantors to perform their, obligations
thereunder in accordance therewith. The Issuers will and will cause each Guarantor to, do or cause to be done all such acts and things
as may be required by the provisions of the Collateral Documents to assure and confirm to the Trustee that the Collateral Agent holds
for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders duly created, enforceable and perfected Liens as contemplated by the Collateral Documents
or any part thereof, as from time to time constituted.

(c) The
Collateral Agent agrees that it will, subject to the Intercreditor Agreements, hold the Collateral created under the Collateral Documents
to which it is a party as contemplated by this Indenture, and any and all proceeds thereof, for the benefit of the Holders and the Trustee,
without limiting the Collateral Agents rights to act, when directed by the Required Holders, in preservation of the security interest
in the Collateral. The Collateral Agent is authorized and empowered, when directed by the Required Holders, to appoint one or more co-Collateral
Agents as may be necessary or appropriate; provided, however, that no Collateral Agent hereunder shall be personally liable
by reason of any act or omission of any other Collateral Agent hereunder. Except as so directed, and only if indemnified to its reasonable
satisfaction, the Collateral Agent will not be obligated:

(1) to
act upon direction purported to be delivered to it by any Person;

(2) to
foreclose upon or otherwise enforce any Lien created under the Collateral Documents; or

(3) to
take any other action whatsoever with regard to any or all of the Liens, Collateral Documents or Collateral.

The Collateral Agent will be accountable only
for amounts that it actually receives as a result of the enforcement of the Liens or Collateral Documents.

(d) In
acting as Collateral Agent hereunder and under the Collateral Documents, the Collateral Agent shall be afforded, and shall be entitled
to enforce, each and all of the rights, privileges, protections, immunities, indemnities and benefits of the Trustee in this Indenture
and the other Note Documents, including, without limitation, under Article VII; provided that in that context any
references in this Indenture to Trustee shall be references to Collateral Agent, and Section 7.1(a) does
not apply to the Collateral Agent.

(e) Neither
the Trustee nor the Collateral Agent nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys or agents shall:

(1) be
responsible or liable for the existence, genuineness, value or protection of any Collateral, for the legality, enforceability, effectiveness,
or sufficiency of the Collateral Documents, for the creation, perfection, continuation, priority, sufficiency or protection of any Lien,
including without limitation not being responsible for payment of any taxes, charges or assessments upon the Collateral or otherwise
as to the maintenance of the Collateral, or for any defect or deficiency as to any such matters, or to monitor the status of any Lien
or performance of the Collateral, or for any failure to demand, collect, foreclose or realize upon or otherwise enforce any of the Liens
or Collateral Documents or any delay in doing so. Neither the Trustee nor the Collateral Agent nor any of their respective officers,
directors, employees, attorneys or agents will be responsible or liable for making any filings or recordings to perfect or maintain the
perfection of the Collateral Agents Lien in the Collateral, including without limitation, the filing of any UCC financing statements,
continuation statements, or any filings with respect to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or U.S. Copyright Office.

-85-

(f) At
all times when the Trustee is not itself the Collateral Agent, the Issuers will deliver to the Trustee copies of all Collateral Documents
delivered to the Collateral Agent and copies of all documents delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents.

(g) Notwithstanding
any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Indenture and the Collateral Documents, the duties of the Collateral Agent
shall be ministerial and administrative in nature, and the Collateral Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those
expressly set forth herein and in the Collateral Documents, to which the Collateral Agent is a party, nor shall the Collateral Agent
have or be deemed to have any trust or other fiduciary relationship with the Trustee, any Holder, or any other party, and no implied
covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Indenture and the Collateral Documents,
or otherwise exist against the Collateral Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent
in this Indenture with reference to the Collateral Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations
arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom and is intended to
create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties.

(h) No
provision of this Indenture or any Collateral Document shall require the Collateral Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise
Incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or thereunder or to take or omit to take any action hereunder
or thereunder or take any action at the request or direction of Holders or the Trustee unless it shall have received indemnity reasonably
satisfactory to the Collateral Agent against potential costs and liabilities incurred by the Collateral Agent relating thereto. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Indenture or the Collateral Documents, in the event the Collateral Agent is entitled or required
to commence an action to foreclose or otherwise exercise its remedies to acquire control or possession of the Collateral, the Collateral
Agent shall not be required to commence any such action or exercise any remedy or take any such other action if the Collateral Agent
has determined that the Collateral Agent may Incur personal liability as a result of the presence at, or release on or from, the Collateral
or such property, of any hazardous substances unless the Collateral Agent has received security and/or indemnity from the Holders in
an amount and in a form satisfactory to the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion, protecting the Collateral Agent from all such liability.
The Collateral Agent shall at any time be entitled to cease taking any action described in this clause if it no longer reasonably deems
any indemnity, security or undertaking from the Issuers or the Holders to be sufficient.

(i) Subject
to Section 8.4 hereof, in each case that the Collateral Agent may or is required hereunder to take any action (an Action),
including without limitation to make any determination, to give consents, to exercise rights, powers or remedies, to release or sell
Collateral or otherwise to act hereunder or under any Collateral Document, the Collateral Agent may seek direction from the Trustee or
the Required Holders. Neither the Trustee nor the Collateral Agent shall be liable with respect to any Action taken or omitted to be
taken by it in accordance with the direction from the Required Holders and any such action taken or omitted to be taken shall not be
considered due to the Trustees or Collateral Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct in any respect. If the Trustee
or the Collateral Agent shall request direction from the Required Holders with respect to any Action, the Trustee and the Collateral
Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such Action unless and until the Trustee or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall have received
direction from the Required Holders, and neither the Trustee nor the Collateral Agent shall Incur liability to any Person by reason of
so refraining.

(j) The
Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, unless the Collateral
Agent shall have received written notice from the Trustee, a Holder or the Issuers referring to this Indenture, describing such Default
or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default. The Collateral Agent shall take such action with
respect to such Default or Event of Default as may be requested by the Trustee in accordance with Article VI or the Required
Holders subject to this Article VIII.

-86-

(k) The
parties hereto and the Holders hereby agree and acknowledge that neither the Collateral Agent nor the Trustee shall assume, be responsible
for or otherwise be obligated for any liabilities, claims, causes of action, suits, losses, allegations, requests, demands, penalties,
fines, settlements, damages (including foreseeable and unforeseeable), judgments, expenses and costs (including but not limited to, any
remediation, corrective action, response, removal or remedial action, or investigation, operations and maintenance or monitoring costs,
for personal injury or property damages, real or personal) of any kind whatsoever, pursuant to any environmental law as a result of this
Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreements, the Collateral Documents or any actions taken pursuant hereto or thereto. Further, the parties
hereto and the Holders hereby agree and acknowledge that in the exercise of its rights under this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreements
and the Collateral Documents, the Collateral Agent and the Trustee may hold or obtain indicia of ownership primarily to protect the security
interest of the Collateral Agent or the Trustee, as applicable, in the Collateral and that any such actions taken by the Collateral Agent
or the Trustee shall not be construed as or otherwise constitute any participation in the management of such Collateral. In the event
that the Collateral Agent or the Trustee is required to acquire title to an asset for any reason, or take any managerial action of any
kind in regard thereto, in order to carry out any obligation for the benefit of another, which in either the Collateral Agents
or Trustees sole discretion may cause the Collateral Agent or Trustee, as applicable, to be considered an owner or operator
under the provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA), 42 U.S.C.
9601, et seq., or otherwise cause the Collateral Agent or Trustee, as applicable, to Incur liability under CERCLA or any other
federal, state or local law, the Collateral Agent and the Trustee reserves the right, instead of taking such action, to either resign
or arrange for the transfer of the title or control of the asset to a court-appointed receiver. Neither the Collateral Agent nor the
Trustee shall be liable to any person for any environmental claims or contribution actions under any federal, state or local law, rule or
regulation by reason of the Collateral Agents or the Trustees actions and conduct as authorized, empowered and directed
hereunder or relating to the discharge, release or threatened release of hazardous materials into the environment. If at any time it
is necessary or advisable for property to be possessed, owned, operated or managed by any person (including the Collateral Agent or the
Trustee) other than the Issuers, the Required Holders shall direct the Collateral Agent or the Trustee to appoint an appropriately qualified
Person (excluding the Collateral Agent or the Trustee) who they shall designate to possess, own, operate or manage, as the case may be,
the property.

(l) Beyond
the exercise of reasonable care in the custody thereof, neither the Trustee nor the Collateral Agent shall have any duty as to any Collateral
in its possession or control or in the possession or control of any agent or bailee or any income thereon or as to preservation of rights
against prior parties or any other rights pertaining thereto and neither the Trustee nor the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for
filing any financing or continuation statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public office at any time or times or
otherwise perfecting or maintaining the perfection of any security interest in the Collateral. Each of the Trustee and the Collateral
Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody of the Collateral in its possession if the Collateral is accorded
treatment substantially equal to that which it accords its own property and shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or diminution
in the value of any of the Collateral, by reason of the act or omission of any carrier, forwarding agency or other agent or bailee selected
by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, in good faith.

(m) Each
successor Trustee may become the successor Collateral Agent as and when the successor Trustee becomes the Trustee.

(n) The
Collateral Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreements
or the Collateral Documents unless it shall be directed by the Trustee (acting at the direction of the Required Holders) or the Required
Holders. If the Collateral Agent so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Holders against any and all liability
and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Collateral Agent and the Trustee
shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreements or
the Collateral Documents in accordance with a request, direction, instruction, or consent of the Required Holders or, in the case of
the Collateral Agent, at the request, direction, instruction, or consent of the Trustee (acting at the direction of the Required Holders)
and any such action taken or omitted to be taken shall not be considered due to the Trustees or the Collateral Agents gross
negligence or willful misconduct in any respect. Such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding
upon all of the Holders.

(o) Except
as otherwise explicitly provided herein or in the Collateral Documents or the Intercreditor Agreements, the Collateral Agent, the Trustee
nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents shall be liable for failure to demand, collect or realize upon any
of the Collateral or for any delay in doing so or shall be under any obligation to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral upon the
request of any other Person or to take any other action whatsoever with regard to the Collateral or any part thereof.

-87-

(p) The
Collateral Agent and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for any failure or delay in performance or any breach by the Issuers or any
other grantor under this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreements and the Collateral Documents. The Collateral Agent and the Trustee shall
not have any obligation to any Holder or any other Person to ascertain or inquire into the existence of any Default or Event of Default,
the observance or performance by any obligor of any terms of this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreements or the Collateral Documents,
or the satisfaction of any conditions precedent contained in this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreements or any Collateral Documents.
The Collateral Agent and the Trustee shall not be required to initiate or conduct any litigation or collection or other proceeding under
this Indenture or the Collateral Documents.

(q) Subject
to the provisions of the applicable Collateral Documents and this Indenture, each Holder, by acceptance of the Notes, agrees that the
Collateral Agent and the Trustee shall execute and deliver such Intercreditor Agreements as it may be presented from time to time and
the Collateral Documents to which it is a party and all agreements, documents and instruments incidental thereto (including any releases
permitted hereunder), and act in accordance with the terms thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Agent shall not be required
to exercise discretion under this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreements or the Collateral Documents and shall not be required to make
or give any determination, consent, approval, request or direction without the Required Holders or the Trustee (acting at the direction
of the Required Holders). Any such direction from the Required Holders to the Collateral Agent shall be facilitated through the Trustee.

Section 8.2. Authorization
of Actions to be Taken by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent under the Collateral Documents.

(a) Subject
to the Intercreditor Agreements, the provisions of Section 8.1 and the terms of the Collateral Documents, the Trustee may
(but shall have no obligation to), in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Holders, direct, on behalf of the Holders of
Notes, the Collateral Agent to take all actions it deems necessary or appropriate in order to:

(1) enforce
any of the terms of the Collateral Documents and the Intercreditor Agreements; and

(2) collect
and receive any and all amounts payable in respect of the obligations of the Issuers and the Guarantors under this Indenture, the Notes,
the Intercreditor Agreements and the Collateral Documents.

(b) Subject
to the provisions of this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreements and the Collateral Documents, the Trustee and/or the Collateral Agent
will have power to institute and maintain such suits and proceedings as it may deem expedient (or as directed by the Required Holders)
to prevent any impairment of the Collateral by any acts that may be unlawful or in violation of this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreements
or the Collateral Documents, and such suits and proceedings as may be necessary to preserve or protect the interests of the Trustee,
the Collateral Agent and the interests of the Holders in the Collateral. The foregoing includes the power to institute and maintain suits
or proceedings to restrain the enforcement of or compliance with any legislative or other governmental enactment, rule or order
that may be unconstitutional or otherwise invalid if the enforcement of, or compliance with, such enactment, rule or order would
impair the security interest under the Collateral Documents or be prejudicial to the interests of the Holders or of the Trustee and/or
the Collateral Agent; provided, that neither the Collateral Agent nor the Trustee has any obligations to monitor or evaluate any
proposed legislation, rule or order.

(c) with
respect to any Swiss law governed security interests Swiss Security:

(1) the
Collateral Agent (and any successor collateral agent) shall accept, hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or release: (A) any
Swiss Security of accessory nature (akzessorische Sicherheiten); and (B) any proceeds of such Swiss Security, acting in its
own name and as representative (direkter Stellvertreter) in the name and for the account of the Junior Lien Secured Parties (as
defined in the Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement, the Secured Parties);

-88-

(2) the
Collateral Agent (and any successor collateral agent) shall accept, hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or release: (A) any
Swiss Security of non-accessory nature (nicht-akzessorische Sicherheiten); and (B) any proceeds of such Swiss Security, as fiduciary
(treuhnderisch) in its own name but for the benefit of all Secured Parties;

(3) each
present and future Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent) hereby appoints, instructs and authorises the Collateral Agent (and
each successor collateral agent) to accept, hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or release the Swiss Security, and any
proceeds of such Swiss Security as set out above and in the respective Collateral Document constituting the Swiss Security, and the Collateral
Agent (and each successor collateral agent appointed from time to time) hereby accepts such appointment; and

(4) each
present and future Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent) hereby instructs and authorises the Collateral Agent (and any successor
collateral agent appointed from time to time) in its own name and/or in the name of such Secured Party as its representative (direkter
Stellvertreter), as the case may be to give effect to this paragraph, to enter into, amend, replace, rescind or terminate any Collateral
Document or other document constituting the Swiss Security, to exercise any rights and perform any obligations thereunder and to make
and accept all declarations and take all actions it considers necessary or useful in connection with any Swiss Security on behalf of
such Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent).

Section 8.3. Authorization
of Receipt of Funds by the Trustee under the Collateral Documents. Subject to the Intercreditor Agreements, the Trustee and/or the
Collateral Agent is authorized to receive any funds for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the Holders distributed under the Collateral
Documents, and to make further distributions of such funds to the Holders according to the provisions of this Indenture with respect
to the Collateral and such funds.

Section 8.4. Termination
of Security Interest; Release of Collateral.

(a) Subject
to Section 8.4(b), Collateral will be released automatically from the Liens securing the Obligations of the Issuers and the
Guarantors under this Indenture, the Notes, the Note Guarantees and the Collateral Documents without the consent or further action of
any Person:

(1) in
whole or in part, as applicable, upon the sale, transfer, exclusive license, agreement or other disposition of such property or assets
(including a disposition resulting from eminent domain, condemnation or similar circumstances) by the Issuers or any Guarantor to the
extent permitted pursuant to this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreements and the Collateral Documents; provided that, (x) solely
to the extent that such transaction constitutes the sale, disposition of all or substantially all of the Issuers property and
assets, in one transaction or a series of related transactions; and (y) solely to the extent that such transaction constitutes the
sale, disposition of all or substantially all of a Guarantors property and assets, in one transaction or a series of related transactions;
and that the Issuers have delivered to the Trustee and the Collateral Agent an Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel stating
that such transaction complies with the provisions of this Section 8.4;

(2) in
whole or in part, as applicable, with the consent of the Holders of at least 66 2/3% in principal amount, the Notes then outstanding
in accordance with Section 8.2, including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer, or purchase
of Notes;

(3) with
respect to any Collateral securing the Note Guarantee, when such Guarantor is released in accordance with the terms of Section 10.2;

(4) in
whole or in part, as applicable, as to all or any portion of the Collateral which has been taken by eminent domain, condemnation or similar
circumstances;

(5) upon
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture as described in Article IX hereof; or

-89-

(6) in
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Intercreditor Agreements or the Collateral Documents.

(b) With
respect to any release of the Liens on the Collateral as provided in Section 8.4(a) above, upon receipt of an Officers
Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that all conditions precedent under the Note Documents to such release or the entry
into such agreements have been met and that the execution and delivery by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent of the documents requested
by the Issuers in connection with such release or the entry into such agreements is authorized and expressly permitted by the Note Documents,
and in the case of any release any appropriate instruments of termination, satisfaction, discharge or release prepared by the Issuers
(in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee and the Collateral Agent, without representation, recourse or warranty),
the Trustee and the Collateral Agent shall execute, deliver or acknowledge (at the Issuers expense) such instruments or releases
as are requested to evidence the release and discharge of any Collateral expressly permitted to be released pursuant to the Note Documents.
Neither the Trustee nor the Collateral Agent shall have any duty or liability for determining the Issuers compliance with this
Section 8.4, but instead may rely on the Officers Certificates and Opinion of Counsel issued by the Issuers under
this Section 8.4. Notwithstanding any term hereof or in any Collateral Document or the Intercreditor Agreements to the contrary,
the Trustee and the Collateral Agent shall not be under any obligation to release any such Lien and security interest, or execute and
deliver any such instrument of release, satisfaction, discharge or termination, unless and until such party receives such Officers
Certificate and Opinion of Counsel.

(c) The
security interests granted under this Indenture and all Collateral Documents will terminate upon the full and final payment and performance
of all obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made) of the Issuers and any other
obligors, if any and as applicable, under the Note Documents.

(d) The
release of any Collateral from the terms of the Collateral Documents shall not be deemed to impair the security under this Indenture
or the Collateral Documents in contravention of the provisions hereof or affect the Lien of this Indenture or the Collateral Documents
if and to the extent the Collateral is released pursuant to this Indenture or the Collateral Documents or upon the satisfaction and discharge
of this Indenture. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuers and the Guarantors shall not be required to comply with Section 314(d) of
the Trust Indenture Act in connection with any release of Collateral. For the avoidance of doubt, the automatic release of any current
assets constituting Collateral in connection with the sale, lease or other similar Disposition of such inventory of the Issuers and the
Guarantors in the ordinary course of business shall not require delivery of any reports, certificates, opinions or other formal documentation.

(e) Upon
such release or any release of Collateral or any part thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture, the Intercreditor
Agreements or the Collateral Documents, upon the request and at the sole cost and expense of the Issuers and the Guarantors, the Trustee
shall direct the Collateral Agent to and upon such request and direction, the Collateral Agent shall:

(1) assign,
transfer and deliver to the Issuers or the applicable Guarantor, as the case may be, against receipt and without recourse to, representation
or warranty by the Collateral Agent except as to the fact that the Collateral Agent has not encumbered the released assets, such of the
Collateral or any part thereof to be released as may be in possession of the Collateral Agent and as shall not have been sold or otherwise
applied pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Documents;

(2) consent
to the Issuers filing of UCC financing statement amendments or releases (which shall be prepared by the Issuers or any Guarantor)
to the extent necessary to delete such Collateral or any part thereof to be released from the description of assets in any previously
filed financing statements; and

(3) execute
and deliver such documents, instruments or statements (which shall be prepared by the Issuers) and take such other action as the Issuers
may request to cause to be released and reconveyed to the Issuers, or the applicable Guarantor, as the case may be, such Collateral or
any part thereof to be released and to evidence or confirm that such Collateral or any part thereof to be released has been released
from the Liens of each of this Indenture and each of the Collateral Documents.

-90-

Section 8.5. Maintenance
of Collateral.

(a) The
Issuers shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep and maintain all properties material to the conduct of its business
or the business of any of its Subsidiaries in good working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted), except where the failure
to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Issuers and its
Subsidiaries businesses, taken as a whole; provided that nothing in this section shall prevent the Issuers or any Subsidiary
from discontinuing the maintenance of any of such property if such discontinuance is, in the judgment of the Issuers, desirable to the
conduct of the business of the Issuers and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(b) To
the extent the Issuers and the Guarantors are not able to execute and deliver all Collateral Documents required in connection with the
creation and perfection of the Liens of the Collateral Agent on the Collateral (to the extent required by this Indenture or such Collateral
Documents) on or prior to the Issue Date, the Issuers and the Guarantors will use their commercially reasonable efforts to have all security
interests in the Collateral duly created and enforceable and perfected, to the extent required by this Indenture or such Collateral Documents,
within the time period required by the Collateral Documents.

Section 8.6. Collateral
Agent; Collateral Documents.

(a) Alter
Domus (US) LLC is hereby designated and appointed as the Collateral Agent under this Indenture and the Collateral Documents and Alter
Domus (US) LLC hereby accepts such designation and appointment.

(b) By
their acceptance of the Notes, the Holders hereby authorize and direct the Trustee and Collateral Agent, as the case may be, to execute
and deliver any Collateral Documents in which the Trustee or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, is named as a party, including any
Collateral Documents executed after the date of this Indenture and the Super HoldCo Side Letter (as defined in Schedule II). It is hereby
expressly acknowledged and agreed that, in doing so, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent are (a) expressly authorized to make the
representations attributed to the Holders in any such agreements and (b) not responsible for the terms or contents of such agreements,
or for the validity or enforceability thereof, or the sufficiency thereof for any purpose. Whether or not so expressly stated therein,
in entering into, or taking (or forbearing from) any action under, any Collateral Documents, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent each
shall have all the rights, privileges, immunities, indemnities and other benefits and protections granted to it under this Indenture
(in addition to those that may be granted to it under the terms of such other Collateral Document or Collateral Documents).

(c) By
their acceptance of the Notes, the Holders hereby authorize the Trustee to appoint Alter Domus (US) LLC in its capacity as collateral
agent under the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement to hold and administer the security interests under the Original German Security Assignment
Agreements and the Original German Security Transfer Agreements (as amended pursuant to the German Security Confirmation and Amendment
Agreement) for the benefit of both the Senior Lien Secured Parties (as defined in the Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement) and the Junior
Lien Secured Parties (as defined in the Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Second Lien Intercreditor
Agreement.

(d) 
If the Issuers or any of its Subsidiaries (i) Incurs any Indebtedness that is required to be subject to an Intercreditor
Agreements, and (ii) delivers to the Collateral Agent and Trustee an Officers Certificate so stating and certifying that
the execution of such Intercreditor Agreements is authorized and permitted by this Indenture and the other Note Documents and all
conditions precedent to its execution have been satisfied, and requesting the Collateral Agent and Trustee, if applicable, to enter
into an Intercreditor Agreements in favor of a designated agent or representative for the holders of such Indebtedness so incurred,
the Collateral Agent and the Trustee (as applicable) shall (and are hereby authorized and directed to) enter into such Intercreditor
Agreements (at the sole expense and cost of the Issuers, including fees (including legal fees) and expenses of the Collateral Agent
and Trustee), bind the Holders on the terms set forth therein and perform and observe its obligations thereunder. Neither the
Trustee nor the Collateral Agent shall be liable for any such execution in reliance upon any such Officers Certificate, and
notwithstanding any term hereof or in any other Note Document to the contrary, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent shall not be
under any obligation to execute and deliver any such Intercreditor Agreements, unless and until it receives such Officers
Certificate.

-91-

Section 8.7. Appointment
of Supplemental Collateral Agents.

(a) It
is recognized that in case of litigation under this Indenture or any of the other Note Documents, and in particular in case of the enforcement
of any of the Note Documents, or in case the Collateral Agent deems that by reason of any present or future Law of any jurisdiction it
may not exercise any of the rights, powers or remedies granted herein or in any of the other Note Documents or take any other action
which may be desirable or necessary in connection therewith, the Collateral Agent is hereby authorized to appoint an additional individual
or institution selected by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion as a separate collateral agent (any such additional individual
or institution being referred to herein individually as a Supplemental Collateral Agent and collectively as Supplemental
Collateral Agents).

(b) In
the event that the Collateral Agent appoints a Supplemental Collateral Agent with respect to any Collateral, (i) each and every
right, power, privilege or duty expressed or intended by this Indenture or any of the other Note Documents to be exercised by or vested
in or conveyed to the Collateral Agent with respect to such Collateral shall be exercisable by and vest in such Supplemental Collateral
Agent to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to enable such Supplemental Collateral Agent to exercise such rights, powers and
privileges with respect to such Collateral and to perform such duties with respect to such Collateral, and every covenant and obligation
contained in the Note Documents and necessary to the exercise or performance thereof by such Supplemental Collateral Agent shall run
to and be enforceable by either the Collateral Agent or such Supplemental Collateral Agent, and (ii) the provisions of Section 6.11,
and Section 7.7 and this Article VIII that refer to the Collateral Agent shall inure to the benefit of such Supplemental Collateral
Agent and all references therein to the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Collateral Agent and/or such Supplemental
Collateral Agent, as the context may require.

(c) Should
any instrument in writing from any Note Party be required by any Supplemental Collateral Agent so appointed by the Collateral Agent for
more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to him or it such rights, powers, privileges and duties, such Note Party shall execute,
acknowledge and deliver any and all such instruments promptly upon request by the Collateral Agent. In case any Supplemental Collateral
Agent, or a successor thereto, shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties
of such Supplemental Collateral Agent, to the extent permitted by Law, shall vest in and be exercised by the Collateral Agent until the
appointment of a new Supplemental Collateral Agent.

Section 8.8. Replacement
of Collateral Agent.

(a) The
Collateral Agent may resign at any time by so notifying the Issuers in writing not less than forty-five (45) days prior to the effective
date of such resignation. The Required Holders may remove the Collateral Agent by so notifying the removed Collateral Agent in writing
not less than forty-five (45) days prior to the effective date of such removal and may appoint a successor Collateral Agent with the
Issuers written consent. If:

(1) The
Collateral Agent shall become incapable of acting, or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Collateral Agent
or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Collateral Agent or of its property
or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation; or

(2) The
Collateral Agent otherwise becomes incapable of acting then, the Issuers may by a resolution of the Board of Directors remove the Collateral
Agent and appoint a successor collateral agent by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one
copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent so removed and one copy to the successor collateral agent, or, subject
to the provisions of Section 8.9, any Holder who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months (or
since the date of this Indenture) may, on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, petition, at the Issuers expense,
any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Collateral Agent and the appointment of a successor Collateral Agent. Such
court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, remove the Collateral Agent and appoint a successor
Collateral Agent.

(b) Any
corporation or other entity into which the Collateral Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation
or other entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Collateral Agent shall be a party, or any corporation
or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Collateral Agent (including the administration
of this Indenture) shall be the successor to the Collateral Agent hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further
act on the part of any of the parties hereto.

-92-

Section 8.9. Acceptance
by Collateral Agent. Any successor Collateral Agent appointed as provided in Section 8.7 shall execute, acknowledge and
deliver to the Issuers and to its predecessor Collateral Agent an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the
resignation or removal of the predecessor Collateral Agent shall become effective and such successor Collateral Agent, without any further
act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor hereunder, with like
effect as if originally named as Collateral Agent herein; but, nevertheless, on the written request of the Issuers or of the successor
Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent ceasing to act shall, at the expense of the Issuers and subject to payment of any amounts then
due pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.7, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor Collateral
Agent all the rights and powers of the Collateral Agent so ceasing to act. Upon request of any such Collateral Agent, the Issuers shall
execute any and all instruments in writing for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Collateral Agent
all such rights and powers. Any Collateral Agent ceasing to act shall, nevertheless, retain a senior claim to which the Notes are hereby
made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by such Collateral Agent as such, except for funds held in trust for the
benefit of Holders of particular Notes, to secure any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.7.

Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor
Collateral Agent as provided in this Section 8.9, each of the Issuers and the successor Collateral Agent, at the written
direction and at the expense of the Issuers, shall give or cause to be given notice of the succession of such Collateral Agent hereunder
to the Holders in accordance with Section 13.1. If the Issuers fails to give such notice within ten (10) days after
acceptance of appointment by the successor Collateral Agent, the successor Collateral Agent shall cause such notice to be given at the
expense of the Issuers.

Section 8.10. Powers
Exercisable by Receiver or Trustee. In case the Collateral shall be in the possession of a receiver or trustee, lawfully appointed,
the powers conferred in this Article VIII upon the Issuers with respect to the release, sale or other disposition of such
property may be exercised by such receiver or trustee, and an instrument signed by such receiver or trustee shall be deemed the equivalent
of any similar instrument of the Issuers or of any Officer or Officers thereof required by the provisions of this Article VIII;
and if the Trustee, Collateral Agent, or their nominee or agent, shall be in possession of the Collateral under any provision of this
Indenture, then such powers may be exercised by the Trustee, the Collateral Agent, or their nominee or agent.

Article IX

LEGAL
DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE

Section 9.1. Option
to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance; Defeasance. The Issuers may, at their option and at any time, elect to have Section 9.2
or Section 9.3 hereof be applied to all outstanding Notes upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this
Article VIII.

Section 9.2. Legal
Defeasance and Discharge.

(a) Upon
the Issuers exercise under Section 9.1 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 9.2, the Issuers
and each of the Guarantors will, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 9.3 hereof, be deemed
to have been discharged from their obligations with respect to all outstanding Notes (including the Note Guarantees) on the date the
conditions set forth below are satisfied (hereinafter, Legal Defeasance). For this purpose, Legal Defeasance means
that the Issuers and the Guarantors will be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire Indebtedness represented by the outstanding
Notes (including the Note Guarantees), which will thereafter be deemed to be outstanding only for the purposes of Section 9.5
hereof and the other Sections of this Indenture referred to in clauses (1) and (2) below, and to have satisfied all
of their other obligations under such Notes, the Note Guarantees and this Indenture (and the Trustee, on written demand of and at the
expense of the Issuers, shall execute such instruments as requested by the Issuers acknowledging the same) and to have cured all then
existing Events of Default, except for the following provisions which will survive until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder:

(1) the
rights of Holders of Notes issued under this Indenture to receive payments in respect of the principal of, premium, if any, on the Notes
when such payments are due solely out of the trust referred to in Section 9.3 hereof;

-93-

(2) the
Issuers obligations with respect to the Notes under Article II concerning issuing temporary Notes, registration of
such Notes, mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and Section 2.11 hereof concerning the maintenance of an office or
agency for payment and money for security payments held in trust;

(3) the
rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee and the Issuers or Guarantors obligations in connection therewith;
and

(4) this
Article VIII with respect to provisions relating to Legal Defeasance.

Section 9.3. Covenant
Defeasance. Upon the Issuers exercise under Section 9.1 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 9.3,
the Note Parties will, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 9.4 hereof, be released from each
of their obligations under Section 3.2, Section 3.7, Section 3.8, Section 3.9, Section 3.10
and Article IV hereof with respect to the outstanding Notes on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 9.4
hereof are satisfied (hereinafter, Covenant Defeasance), and the Notes will thereafter be deemed not outstanding
for the purposes of any direction, waiver, consent or declaration or act of Holders (and the consequences of any thereof) in connection
with such covenants, but will continue to be deemed outstanding for all other purposes hereunder. For this purpose, Covenant
Defeasance means that, with respect to the outstanding Notes and Note Guarantees, the Issuers and the Guarantors may omit to comply with
and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such covenant, whether directly or indirectly,
by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by reason of any reference in any such covenant to any other provision
herein or in any other document and such omission to comply shall not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under Section 6.1
hereof, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Notes and Note Guarantees will be unaffected thereby.
In addition, upon the Issuers exercise under Section 9.1 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 9.3,
subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 9.4, Section 6.1(a)(3), Section 6.1(a)(4),
Section 6.1(a)(5), Section 6.1(a)(6), Section 6.1(a)(7), Section 6.1(a)(8) (with
respect only to a Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Guarantors that taken together would constitute a Significant
Subsidiary), Section 6.1(a)(9) (with respect only to a Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Guarantors
that taken together would constitute a Significant Subsidiary), Section 6.1(a)(10) and Section 6.1(a)(11)
hereof shall not constitute Events of Default.

Section 9.4. Conditions
to Legal or Covenant Defeasance. In order to exercise either Legal Defeasance under Section 9.2 or Section 9.3
hereof:

(1) the
Issuers must irrevocably deposit with the Trustee, in trust, for the benefit of the Holders, cash in U.S. Dollars, U.S. Government Obligations,
or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient, without consideration of any reinvestment (which shall not be subject
to the requirements of Section 13.4) for the payment of principal of and premium, if any, interest due on the Notes issued
under this Indenture on the Stated Maturity date or on the applicable redemption date, as the case may be, and the Issuers must specify
whether such Notes are being defeased to maturity or to a particular redemption date;

(2) in
the case of Legal Defeasance, the Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel in the United States confirming that,
subject to customary assumptions and exclusions;

(A) the
Issuers have received from, or there has been published by, the IRS a ruling; or

(B) since
the issuance of such Notes, there has been a change in the applicable U.S. federal income tax law;

in either case, that based thereon
such Opinion of Counsel from United States counsel shall confirm that, subject to customary assumptions and exclusions, the Holders will
not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as applicable, as a result of such Legal Defeasance and will
be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such
Legal Defeasance had not occurred;

-94-

(3) in
the case of Covenant Defeasance, the Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel in the United States stating that,
subject to customary assumptions and exclusions, the Holders will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes
as a result of such Covenant Defeasance and will be subject to such tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times
as would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred;

(4) no
Default or Event of Default (other than that resulting from borrowing funds to be applied to make such deposit and the granting of Liens
in connection therewith) shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit;

(5) such
Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under the Credit Facilities
or any other material agreement or instrument (other than this Indenture) to which either Issuer or any Guarantor is a party or by which
either Issuer or any Guarantor is bound;

(6) the
Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that, as of the date of such opinion and subject to customary
assumptions and exclusions, following the deposit, the trust funds will not be subject to the effect of Sections 547 and 548 of
Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended, or any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally under any applicable U.S. federal or state law;

(7) the
Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Issuers with
the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying, defrauding or preferring any creditors of the Issuers or any Guarantor or others; and

(8) the
Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel (which Opinion of Counsel may be
subject to customary assumptions and exclusions) each stating that all conditions precedent provided for or relating to the Legal Defeasance
or the Covenant Defeasance, as the case may be, have been complied with.

Section 9.5. Deposited
Money and U.S. Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a) Subject
to Section 9.6 hereof, all money and U.S. Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee
(or other qualifying trustee, collectively for purposes of this Section 9.5, the Trustee) pursuant to
Section 9.4 hereof in respect of the outstanding Notes will be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with
the provisions of such Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including an Issuer acting
as Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Notes of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal,
premium, if any, and interest, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

(b) The
Issuers will pay and indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the cash or U.S. Government
Obligations deposited pursuant to Section 9.4 hereof or the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than
any such tax, fee or other charge that by law is for the account of the Holders of the outstanding Notes. The indemnity contained herein
shall survive discharge of this Indenture and any resignation or removal of the Trustee.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything in this Article IX to the contrary, the Trustee will deliver or pay to the Issuers from time to time upon the request
of the Issuers any cash in U.S. Dollars or U.S. Government Obligations held by it as provided in Section 9.3 hereof which,
in the case of the value of U.S. Government Obligations, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants
expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, considered together with the cash, are in excess of the amount
thereof that would then be required to be deposited to effect an equivalent Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.

-95-

Section 9.6. Repayment
to the Issuers. Any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Issuers, in trust for the payment of
the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal, premium, if any,
or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Issuers on their written request unless an abandoned property law designates
another Person or (if then held by the Issuers) will be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note will thereafter be permitted
to look only to the Issuers for payment thereof unless an abandoned property law designates another Person, and all liability of the
Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Issuers as trustee thereof, will thereupon cease;
provided, however, that the Trustee or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, shall at the
expense of the Issuers cause to be published once, in The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal (national edition), notice that
such money remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which will not be less than 30 days from the date of such notification
or publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then remaining will be repaid to the Issuers.

Section 9.7. Reinstatement.
If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or Dollars or U.S. Government Obligations in accordance with Section 9.2
or Section 9.3 hereof, as the case may be, by reason of any order or judgment of any court or Governmental Authority
enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the Issuers and the Guarantors obligations under
this Indenture, the Notes and the Note Guarantees will be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 9.2
or Section 9.3 hereof until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in accordance
with Section 9.2 or Section 9.3 hereof, as the case may be; provided, however, that, if the Issuers
make any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any Note following the reinstatement of its obligations, the Issuers
will be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money or U.S. Government Obligations held
by the Trustee or Paying Agent.

Article X

AMENDMENTS

Section 10.1. Without
Consent of Holders.

(a) Notwithstanding
Section 10.2 hereof, without the consent of any Holder, the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Trustee, the Collateral Agent and
the other parties thereto, as applicable, may amend or supplement any Note Document to:

(1) cure
any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect, error or inconsistency, or reduce the minimum denomination of the Notes;

(2) provide
for the assumption by a successor Person of the obligations of the Issuers or any Guarantor under any Note Document;

(3) provide
for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes;

(4) add
to the covenants or provide for a Note Guarantee for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary;

(5) make
any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect;

(6) make
such provisions as necessary (as determined in good faith by the Company) for the issuance of Additional Notes in accordance with the
terms of this Indenture as of the Issue Date;

-96-

(7) provide
for any Restricted Subsidiary to provide a Note Guarantee in accordance with the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, to add Note Guarantees
with respect to the Notes, to add security to or for the benefit of the Notes, or to confirm and evidence the release, termination, discharge
or retaking of any Note Guarantee or Lien with respect to or securing the Notes when such release, termination, discharge or retaking
is provided for under this Indenture;

(8) evidence
and provide for the acceptance and appointment under this Indenture of a successor Trustee or Collateral Agent pursuant to the requirements
hereof or to provide for the accession by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent to any Note Document;

(9) make
any amendment to the provisions of this Indenture relating to the transfer and legending of Notes as permitted by this Indenture, including,
without limitation, to facilitate the issuance and administration of Notes; provided, however, that (i) compliance
with this Indenture as so amended would not result in Notes being transferred in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable securities
law and (ii) such amendment does not adversely affect the rights of Holders to transfer Notes in any material respect; or

(10) conform
the text of this Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees to the provisions under the heading Description of New Notes Security
and Collateral in the Offering Memorandum to the extent that such provision under the heading Description of New Notes
Security and Collateral in the Offering Memorandum is intended to be a verbatim recitation or a summary of a provision of this
Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees as certified in an Officers Certificate.

(b) Subject
to Section 10.2, upon the request of the Issuers and upon receipt by the Trustee of the documents described in Section 10.5
and Section 13.3 hereof, the Trustee will join with the Issuers and the Guarantors in the execution of such amended or
supplemental indenture or other Note Document unless such amended or supplemental indenture or other Note Document affects the Trustees
own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but will not be
obligated to, enter into such amended or supplemental Indenture.

(c) After
an amendment or supplement under this Section 10.1 becomes effective, the Issuers shall mail to Holders a notice briefly
describing such amendment or supplement. The failure to give such notice to all Holders, or any defect therein, shall not impair or affect
the validity of an amendment or supplement under this Section 10.1.

Section 10.2. With
Consent of Holders.

(a) Except
as provided below in this Section 10.2, the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent may amend or supplement
the Note Documents with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding
and issued under this Indenture, other than Notes beneficially owned by the Issuers or their Affiliates, including, without limitation,
consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, Notes, and, subject to Section 6.4
and Section 6.7 hereof, any existing Default or Event of Default (other than a Default or an Event of Default in the
payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes, except a payment default resulting from an acceleration that
has been rescinded) or compliance with any provision of the Note Documents may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority
in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes issued under this Indenture (including consents obtained in connection with
a purchase of or tender offer or exchange offer for Notes). Section 2.12 hereof and Section 13.5 hereof shall
determine which Notes are considered to be outstanding for the purposes of this Section 10.2.

(b) Upon
the request of the Issuers accompanied by a resolution of their Boards of Directors authorizing the execution of any such amended or
supplemental indenture or other Note Document, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence of the consent of the Holders of Notes
as aforesaid, and upon receipt by the Trustee of the documents described in Section 10.5 and Section 13.3 hereof,
the Trustee will join with the Issuers and the Guarantors in the execution of such amended or supplemental indenture or other Note Document
unless such amended or supplemental indenture or other Note Document affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under
this Indenture or any other Note Document or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but will not be obligated to,
enter into such amended or supplemental indenture or other Note Document.

-97-

(c) Without
the consent of each Holder of Notes affected, an amendment, supplement or waiver may not, with respect to any Notes issued thereunder
and held by a nonconsenting Holder:

(1) reduce
the principal amount of such Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment;

(2) reduce
the stated rate of or extend the stated time for payment of interest on any such Note (other than provisions relating to Section 4.5);

(3) reduce
the principal of or extend the Stated Maturity of any such Note;

(4) reduce
the premium payable upon the redemption of any such Note or change the time at which any such Note may be redeemed, in each case as set
forth in Section 5.7; provided that any amendment to the minimum notice requirements may be made with the consent
of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of then outstanding Notes;

(5) make
any such Note payable in currency other than that stated in such Note;

(6) impair
the right of any Holder to receive payment of principal of and interest on such Holders Notes on or after the due dates therefor
or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or with respect to such Holders Notes;

(7) waive
a Default or Event of Default with respect to the nonpayment of principal, premium or interest (except pursuant to a rescission of acceleration
of the Notes by the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of such Notes and a waiver of the payment default that
resulted from such acceleration);

(8) change
or modify the ranking of the Notes or the Note Guarantees, change or modify the lien priority or payment priority of the Notes or the
Note Guarantees, release any Guarantor except as permitted by the terms of the Note Documents, or subordinate the Notes, the Note Guarantees,
or the liens securing the Notes or the Note Guarantees to any other Indebtedness of the Issuers or any Guarantor except as permitted
by the terms of the Note Documents;

(9) amend
or modify the definitions of LMT Indebtedness, the last paragraph of Permitted Investments, the proviso to
the definition of Required Holders, the proviso to Section 4.2(j) or Section 4.2(k); or

(10) make
any change in the amendment or waiver provisions which require the Holders consent described in this Section 10.2.

(d) Without
the consent of Holders owning at least 66.67% of the outstanding principal amount of Notes, an amendment, supplement or waiver may not,
with respect to any Notes issued thereunder and held by a nonconsenting Holder, amend, supplement or waive any provision of Schedule
II.

(e) It
shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders under this Indenture to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment,
supplement or waiver, but it shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. A consent to any amendment, supplement
or waiver under this Indenture by any Holder of the Notes given in connection with a tender or exchange of such Holders Notes
will not be rendered invalid by such tender or exchange.

-98-

(f) In
connection with any determination as to whether the requisite Holders have (A) consented (or not consented) to any amendment, modification
or waiver of any provision of this Indenture or any departure by the Issuers or any Restricted Subsidiary therefrom, (B) otherwise
acted with respect to, or under, this Indenture, on any matter related to this Indenture or (C) directed or required the Trustee
to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to, or under, this Indenture any Holder (or any Affiliate of
such Person (provided that for purposes of this paragraph, Affiliates shall not include Persons that are subject to customary
procedures to prevent the sharing of confidential information between such Holders and such Person and such Person is managed having
independent fiduciary duties to the investors or other equityholders of such Person) (other than any Holder that is a Regulated Bank)
that, as a result of its (or its Affiliates) interest in any total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap
or other derivative contract (other than any such total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative
contract entered into pursuant to bona fide market making activities), has a net short position on the date, if any, that such Holder
consents to such amendment, modification or waiver or takes an action of the type specified in clause (B) or (C) above (such
later date, the date of determination) with respect to the Notes or with respect to any other tranche, class or
series of Indebtedness for borrowed money incurred or issued by an Issuer or any of the Guarantors on such date of determination (including
commitments with respect to any revolving credit facility) (each such item of Indebtedness, including the Notes, Specified
Indebtedness) (each such Holder, a Net Short Holder) shall be deemed to have consented with respect to
or otherwise directed or acted, as a Holder without discretion in the same proportion as the allocation of consents, directions or other
actions with respect to such matter by Holders who are not Net Short Holders (including in any plan of reorganization).

For purposes of determining
whether a Holder (alone or together with its Affiliates) has a net short position on any date of determination: (i) derivative
contracts with respect to any Specified Indebtedness and such contracts that are the functional equivalent thereof shall be counted at
the notional amount of such contract in Dollars, (ii) notional amounts in other currencies shall be converted to the Dollar equivalent
thereof by such Holder in a commercially reasonable manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices and based on the prevailing
conversion rate (determined on a mid-market basis) on the date of determination, (iii) derivative contracts in respect of an index
that includes an Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary or any instrument issued or guaranteed by an Issuer or any other Restricted
Subsidiary shall not be deemed to create a short position with respect to such Specified Indebtedness, so long as (x) such index
is not created, designed, administered or requested by such Holder or its Affiliates and (y) the Issuers and the other Restricted
Subsidiaries and any instrument issued or guaranteed by an Issuer or the other Restricted Subsidiaries, collectively, shall represent
less than 5% of the components of such index, (iv) derivative transactions that are documented using either the 2014 ISDA Credit
Derivatives Definitions or the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (collectively, the ISDA CDS Definitions)
shall be deemed to create a short position with respect to the relevant Specified Indebtedness if such Holder or its Affiliates is a
protection buyer or the equivalent thereof for such derivative transaction and (x) the relevant Specified Indebtedness is a Reference
Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction (whether specified by name in the related documentation, included as
a Standard Reference Obligation on the most recent list published by Markit, if Standard Reference Obligation
is specified as applicable in the relevant documentation or in any other manner), (y) the relevant Specified Indebtedness would
be a Deliverable Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction or (z) an Issuer or any other Restricted
Subsidiary is designated as a Reference Entity under the terms of such derivative transaction and (v) credit derivative
transactions or other derivatives transactions not documented using the ISDA CDS Definitions shall be deemed to create a short position
with respect to any Specified Indebtedness if such transactions offer the Holder or its Affiliates protection against a decline in the
value of such Specified Indebtedness, or in the credit quality of an Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, other than
as part of an index so long as (x) such index is not created, designed, administered or requested by such Holder or its Affiliates
and (y) the Issuers and the other Restricted Subsidiaries, and any instrument issued or guaranteed by an Issuer or the other Restricted
Subsidiaries, collectively, shall represent less than 5% of the components of such index.

In connection with any amendment,
modification or waiver of this Indenture or other action taken by any Holder pursuant to clauses (A), (B) or (C) above, each
Holder (other than any Holder that is a Regulated Bank) will be deemed to have represented to the Issuers and the Trustee that it does
not constitute a Net Short Holder, in each case, unless such Holder shall have notified the Issuers and the Trustee in writing prior
to the requested response date with respect to such amendment, modification or waiver or other action that it constitutes a Net Short
Holder (it being understood and agreed that the Issuers and the Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely on each such representation
and deemed representation).

-99-

In no event shall the Trustee
be obligated to determine, ascertain, calculate, monitor, inquire, investigate or otherwise make any determination as to whether any
Holder is a Net Short Holder and the Trustee may conclusively presume and shall be fully protected in relying thereon that any action
taken by a Holder pursuant to clauses (A), (B) or (C) of this paragraph shall have been validly taken unless prior to such
response date such Holder shall have so notified the Issuers and the Trustee. The Issuers shall make any and all calculations and determinations
as to allocations of consents, directions or other acts of Holders that are Net Short Holders and shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers
Certificate specifying such calculation upon which Officers Certificate the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected
in so relying. Each Holder waives any and all claims, in law or in equity, against the Trustee, and agrees not to commence any legal
proceeding against the Trustee, in respect of, and agrees that the Trustee will not be liable for, any action that the Trustee takes
or refrains from taking arising out of or in connection with action taken by a Holder pursuant to clauses (A), (B) or (C) of
this paragraph. The Trustee shall have no liability to the Issuers, the Holders or any other third party for acting in good faith on
such consent, direction or other action, or representation or deemed representation, or whether or not any Holder is an Affiliate or
a Regulated Bank. In any case in which the Holder is DTC or its nominee, each beneficial owner of the Notes agrees to notify DTC if it
is a Net Short Holder and DTC shall be entitled to conclusively rely thereon in delivering its consent to any amendment, modification
or waiver of any provision of this Indenture. No indemnity or security provided by any Holder to the Trustee in connection with any action
taken by such Holder pursuant to clauses (A), (B) or (C) of this paragraph shall be invalidated as a result of subsequent determination
that such Holder was a Net Short Holder or otherwise. Any and all actions that the Trustee takes or refrains from taking arising out
of or in connection with action taken by a Holder pursuant to clauses (A), (B) or (C) of this paragraph and all fees, costs
and expenses of the Trustee and its agents and counsel arising thereunder and in connection therewith shall be covered by the Issuers
and Guarantors indemnification obligations under the indemnification provision of this Indenture. The Trustee shall not be obligated
to follow any instruction from any Issuer, any Guarantor, any Holder or any other third party if the Trustee determines that such instruction
is in conflict with any other instruction, any provisions of any applicable law or this Indenture, and the Trustee shall not, under any
circumstances, be liable to the Issuers, any Guarantor, any Holder or any other third party for following or not following any instruction.

(g) After
an amendment or supplement under this Section 10.2 becomes effective, the Issuers shall mail to Holders a notice briefly
describing such amendment or supplement. The failure to give such notice to all Holders, or any defect therein, shall not impair or affect
the validity of an amendment or supplement.

Section 10.3. Revocation
and Effect of Consents and Waivers.

(a) Until
an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder of a Note is a continuing consent by the Holder of
a Note and every subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holders Note,
even if notation of the consent or waiver is not made on any Note. However, any such Holder of a Note or subsequent Holder of a Note
may revoke the consent or waiver as to such Holders Note or portion of its Note if the Trustee receives written notice of revocation
before the date the amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective. An amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective in accordance
with its terms and thereafter binds every Holder.

(b) The
Issuers may, but shall not be obligated to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to give their consent
or take any other action described above or required or permitted to be taken pursuant to this Indenture. If a record date is fixed,
then notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph, those Persons who were Holders at such record date (or their duly designated
proxies), and only those Persons, shall be entitled to give such consent or to revoke any consent previously given or to take any such
action, whether or not such Persons continue to be Holders after such record date. No such consent shall be valid or effective for more
than 120 days after such record date.

Section 10.4. Notation
on or Exchange of Notes.

(a) The
Trustee may place an appropriate notation about an amendment, supplement or waiver on any Note thereafter authenticated. The Issuers
in exchange for all Notes may issue and the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Issuer Order, authenticate new Notes that reflect the amendment,
supplement or waiver.

(b) Failure
to make the appropriate notation or issue a new Note will not affect the validity and effect of such amendment, supplement or waiver.

-100-

Section 10.5. Trustee
to Sign Amendments. The Trustee shall sign any amended or supplemental indenture or amendment to other Note Document authorized pursuant
to this Article X if the amendment or supplement does not adversely affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities
of the Trustee. The Issuers may not sign an amended or supplemental indenture until the Board of Directors of each Issuer approves it.
In executing any amended or supplemental indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to receive and (subject to Section 7.1 and
Section 7.2 hereof) shall be fully protected in conclusively relying upon, in addition to the documents required by Section 13.3
hereof, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amended or supplemental indenture
is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and is valid, binding and enforceable against the Issuers in accordance with its terms.

Article XI

GUARANTEE

Section 11.1. Guarantee.

(a) Subject
to the provisions of this Article XI, each Guarantor hereby fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees, as primary
obligor and not merely as surety, jointly and severally with each other Guarantor, to each Holder of the Notes, and the Trustee the full
and punctual payment when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, by redemption or otherwise, of the principal of, premium, if any,
and interest on the Notes and all other obligations and liabilities of the Issuers and the other Guarantors under this Indenture (including
without limitation interest accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization
or like proceeding, relating to the Issuers or any Guarantor whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed
in such proceeding and the obligations under Section 7.7 (all the foregoing being hereinafter collectively called the Guaranteed
Obligations). Each Guarantor agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations will rank equally in right of payment with other Indebtedness
of such Guarantor, except (i) to the extent such other Indebtedness is subordinate to the Guaranteed Obligations, in which case
the obligations of the Guarantors under the Note Guarantees will rank senior in right of payment to such other Indebtedness and (ii) to
the extent such other Indebtedness has priority by operation of law.

(b) To
evidence its Note Guarantee set forth in this Section 11.1, each Guarantor hereby agrees that this Indenture shall be executed
on behalf of such Guarantor by an Officer of such Guarantor.

(c) Each
Guarantor hereby agrees that its Note Guarantee set forth in this Section 11.1 shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding
the absence of the endorsement of any notation of such Note Guarantee on the Notes.

(d) If
an Officer whose signature is on this Indenture no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates the Note, the Note
Guarantee shall be valid nevertheless.

(e) Each
Guarantor further agrees (to the extent permitted by law) that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in
part, without notice or further assent from it, and that it will remain bound under this Article XI notwithstanding any extension
or renewal of any Guaranteed Obligation.

(f) Each
Guarantor waives presentation to, demand of payment from and protest to the Issuers of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and also waives
notice of protest for nonpayment. Each Guarantor waives notice of any default under the Notes or the Guaranteed Obligations.

(g) Each
Guarantor further agrees that its Note Guarantee herein constitutes a Guarantee of payment when due (and not a Guarantee of collection)
and waives any right to require that any resort be had by any Holder to any security held for payment of the Guaranteed Obligations.

-101-

(h) Except
as set forth in Section 11.2, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation,
impairment or termination for any reason (other than payment of the Guaranteed Obligations in full), including any claim of waiver, release,
surrender, alteration or compromise, and shall not be subject to any defense of setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever
or by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Guaranteed Obligations of each Guarantor herein shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by (a) the
failure of any Holder to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against the Issuers or any other person under this
Indenture, the Notes or any other agreement or otherwise; (b) any extension or renewal of any thereof; (c) any rescission,
waiver, amendment or modification of any of the terms or provisions of this Indenture, the Notes or any other agreement; (d) the
release of any security held by any Holder for the Guaranteed Obligations; (e) the failure of any Holder to exercise any right or
remedy against any other Guarantor; (f) any change in the ownership of an Issuer; (g) any default, failure or delay, willful
or otherwise, in the performance of the Guaranteed Obligations; or (h) any other act or thing or omission or delay to do any other
act or thing which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of any Guarantor or would otherwise operate as a discharge
of such Guarantor as a matter of law or equity.

(i) Each
Guarantor agrees that its Note Guarantee herein shall remain in full force and effect until payment in full of all the Guaranteed Obligations
or such Guarantor is released from its Note Guarantee in compliance with Section 11.2, Article IX or Article XII.
Each Guarantor further agrees that its Note Guarantee herein shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if
at any time payment, or any part thereof, of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded
or must otherwise be restored by any Holder upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of an Issuer or otherwise.

(j) In
furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which any Holder has at law or in equity against any Guarantor
by virtue hereof, upon the failure of an Issuer to pay any of the Guaranteed Obligations when and as the same shall become due, whether
at maturity, by acceleration, by redemption or otherwise, each Guarantor hereby promises to and will, upon receipt of written demand
by the Trustee, forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, in cash, to the Holders or the Trustee on behalf of the Holders an amount equal to
the sum of (i) the unpaid amount of such Guaranteed Obligations then due and owing and (ii) accrued and unpaid interest on
such Guaranteed Obligations then due and owing (but only to the extent not prohibited by law) (including interest accruing after the
filing of any petition in bankruptcy or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding relating to the Issuers
or any Guarantor whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding).

(k) Each
Guarantor further agrees that, as between such Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Holders, on the other hand, (x) the maturity
of the Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in this Indenture for the purposes of its Note Guarantee
herein, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations
guaranteed hereby and (y) in the event of any such declaration of acceleration of such Guaranteed Obligations, such Guaranteed Obligations
(whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantor for the purposes of this Note Guarantee.

(l) Each
Guarantor also agrees to pay any and all fees, costs and expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by the Trustee,
or the Holders in enforcing any rights under this Section.

(m) The
Note Guarantee set forth in this Section 11.1 is a continuing guarantee of payment and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations
whenever arising.

Section 11.2. Limitation
on Liability; Termination, Release and Discharge.

(a) Any
term or provision of this Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder, only to the extent
limited by the provisions of local law applicable to each Guarantor, will be limited to the maximum amount as will, after giving effect
to all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor and after giving effect to any collections from or payments made by or
on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under its Note Guarantee or pursuant to its contribution
obligations under this Indenture, result in the obligations of such Guarantor under its Note Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent
conveyance or fraudulent transfer under its applicable federal, foreign or state law and not otherwise being void or voidable under any
similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally.

-102-

(b) Any
Note Guarantee, other than the Note Guarantee of Trinseo PLC, shall be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon:

(1) a
sale or other disposition (including by way of consolidation, amalgamation or merger) of all of the Capital Stock of such Guarantor after
which the applicable Guarantor is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary or a sale or disposition of all or substantially all the assets of
the Guarantor (other than to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary), in each case, otherwise permitted by this Indenture;

(2) the
designation in accordance with this Indenture of the Guarantor as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or the occurrence of any event after which
the Guarantor is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary;

(3) defeasance
or discharge of the Notes pursuant to Article IX or Article XII;

(4) to
the extent such Guarantor is also a guarantor or borrower under the Credit Agreements or other capital markets debt securities and, at
the time of release of its Note Guarantee, has been released from its guarantee of, and all pledges and security, if any, granted in
connection with the Credit Agreements and such capital markets debt securities (except a release by or as a result of a payment thereon);

(5) upon
the achievement of Investment Grade Status by the Notes; or

(6) If
such Guarantor is not required to be a Guarantor pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement upon notice by the Issuers to the
Trustee to release such Guarantor from its Note Guarantee.

(c) To
the extent that the jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation of any Guarantor that is or becomes a party to this Indenture
requires additional local law provisions with respect to such new Guarantors Note Guarantee obligations, such provisions shall
be set out (i) in the case of any Guarantor party to this Indenture on the Issue Date, the additional provisions set forth in Schedule
I applicable to the jurisdiction in which such Guarantor was incorporated, organized or formed (as applicable) and (ii) in the
case of any Subsidiary or other Person that is required to become a Guarantor after the Issue Date pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement in a supplemental indenture and, in each case, shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Section 11.2.
It being understood that such provisions shall be reasonable and customary as determined by the Issuers and certified as such in an Officers
Certificate.

(d) If
any Guarantor becomes an Immaterial Subsidiary, the Issuers shall have the right, by execution and delivery of a supplemental indenture
to the Trustee, to cause such Immaterial Subsidiary to cease to be a Guarantor, subject to the requirement that such Subsidiary shall
be required to become a Guarantor if it ceases to be an Immaterial Subsidiary (except that if such Subsidiary has been properly designated
as an Unrestricted Subsidiary it shall not be so required to become a Guarantor or execute a supplemental indenture) and the Collateral
and Guarantee Requirement.

Section 11.3. Right
of Contribution. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that any Guarantor shall have paid more than its proportionate share
of any payment made on the obligations under the Note Guarantees, such Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from
and against the Issuers or any other Guarantor who has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. The provisions of this Section 11.3
shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of each Guarantor to the Trustee and the Holders and each Guarantor shall
remain liable to the Trustee and the Holders for the full amount guaranteed by such Guarantor hereunder.

Section 11.4. No
Subrogation. Notwithstanding any payment or payments made by each Guarantor hereunder, no Guarantor shall be entitled to be subrogated
to any of the rights of the Trustee or any Holder against the Issuers or any other Guarantor or any collateral security or guarantee
or right of offset held by the Trustee or any Holder for the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, nor shall any Guarantor seek or be
entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from the Issuers or any other Guarantor in respect of payments made by such Guarantor
hereunder, until all amounts owing to the Trustee and the Holders by the Issuers on account of the Guaranteed Obligations are paid in
full. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Guaranteed Obligations
shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held by such Guarantor in trust for the Trustee and the Holders, segregated from
other funds of such Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by such Guarantor, be turned over to the Trustee in the exact form received
by such Guarantor (duly indorsed by such Guarantor to the Trustee, if required), to be applied against the Guaranteed Obligations.

-103-

Section 11.5. Execution
of Supplemental Indenture for Future Guarantors. Each Subsidiary and other Person which is required to become a Guarantor pursuant
to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, subject to Section 11.2 hereof, shall promptly execute and deliver to the Trustee
a supplemental indenture in the form of Exhibit B hereto pursuant to which such Subsidiary or other Person shall become a
Guarantor under this Article XI and shall guarantee the Guaranteed Obligations. Concurrently with the execution and delivery
of such supplemental indenture, the Issuers shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that such supplemental
indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such supplemental indenture is authorized
or permitted by this Indenture and, subject to customary exceptions, is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Guarantor, enforceable
against such Guarantor in accordance with its terms.

Article XII

SATISFACTION
AND DISCHARGE

Section 12.1. Satisfaction
and Discharge. This Indenture will be discharged and will cease to be of further effect as to all Notes issued hereunder, when:

(a) either:

(1) all
Notes that have been authenticated and delivered, except lost, stolen or destroyed Notes that have been replaced or paid and Notes for
whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust, have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or

(2) all
such Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation (i) have become due and payable by reason of the making of
a notice of redemption or otherwise or (ii) will become due and payable within one year at their Stated Maturity or (iii) are
to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by
the Trustee, in the name, and at the expense of the Issuers;

(b) the
Issuers have irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust solely for the benefit of the Holders,
cash in U.S. Dollars, U.S. Government Obligations, or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient, without consideration
of any reinvestment, to pay and discharge the entire Indebtedness on such Notes not previously delivered to the Trustee for cancellation,
for principal, premium, if any, and interest to the date of deposit (in the case of Notes that have become due and payable), or to the
Stated Maturity or redemption date, as the case may be;

(c) no
Event of Default (other than that resulting from borrowing funds to be applied to make such deposit and the granting of Liens in connection
therewith) with respect to this Indenture or the Notes issued hereunder shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit
or shall occur as a result of such deposit and such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under
the Credit Facilities or any other material agreement or instrument (other than this Indenture) to which an Issuer or any Guarantor is
a party or by which an Issuer or any Guarantor is bound;

(d) the
Issuers or any Guarantor has paid or caused to be paid all sums payable by the Issuers under this Indenture; and

(e) the
Issuers have delivered irrevocable instructions to the Trustee to apply the deposited money toward the payment of such Notes issued hereunder
at maturity or the redemption date, as the case may be.

In addition, the Issuers
shall deliver an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee stating that all conditions precedent to satisfaction
and discharge have been satisfied.

-104-

Notwithstanding the satisfaction
and discharge of this Indenture, if money has been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to clause (2) of this Section 12.1,
the provisions of Section 9.6 and Section 12.2 hereof will survive.

Section 12.2. Application
of Trust Money.

(a) Subject
to the provisions of Section 9.6 hereof, all money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof
shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly
or through any Paying Agent (including an Issuer acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Persons entitled
thereto, of the principal (and premium, if any) and interest for whose payment such money has been deposited with the Trustee; but such
money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

(b) If
the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or U.S. Government Obligations in accordance with Section 12.1 hereof
by reason of any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment of any court or Governmental Authority enjoining, restraining
or otherwise prohibiting such application, the Issuers and any Guarantors obligations under this Indenture and the Notes
shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof; provided that if
the Issuers have made any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any Notes because of the reinstatement of their obligations,
the Issuers shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money or U.S. Government
Obligations held by the Trustee or Paying Agent.

Article XIII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 13.1. Notices.

(a) Any
notice, request, direction, consent or communication made pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture or the Notes shall be validly
given if given in writing and delivered in person, sent by electronic mail (including in PDF format), delivered by commercial courier
service or mailed by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

if to the Issuers or to any Guarantor:

Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l.

Attention: Cristina Capacchietti

26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg

Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg

Email: EJohnson@trinseo.com and Chaclas@Trinseo.com

with a copy to:

Trinseo PLC

Attention: its Board of Directors

76 Sir John Rogersons Quay

Dublin Docklands, Dublin 2 D02 C9D0

Ireland

Email: EJohnson@trinseo.com and Chaclas@Trinseo.com

with a copy to:

Trinseo LLC

Attention: Chief Legal Officer

1000 Chesterbrook Boulevard

Suite 300

Berwyn, Pennsylvania 19312

Attention: Angelo N. Chaclas, Chief Legal Officer

Email:
EJohnson@trinseo.com and Chaclas@Trinseo.com

-105-

with a copy to (which copy shall be delivered as an accommodation
and shall not be required to be delivered in satisfaction of any requirement hereof):

Ropes & Gray LLP

1211 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10036-8704

Attention: Sam Badawi

Email: sam.badawi@ropesgray.com

if to the Trustee:

The Bank of New York Mellon

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Email: raymond.k.oneil@bny.com

Telephone: (412) 236-1201

if to the Collateral Agent:

Alter Domus (US) LLC

225 W. Washington Street, 9th Floor

Chicago, IL 60606

Email: Legal_Agency@alterdomus.com

Telephone: (312) 564-5100

(b) The
Issuers or the Trustee by written notice to the other may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.

(c) Any
notice or communication to the Issuers or the Guarantors shall be deemed to have been given or made as of the date so delivered if personally
delivered or if delivered electronically, in PDF or similar format; and seven calendar days after mailing if sent by registered or certified
mail, postage prepaid (except that a notice of change of address shall not be deemed to have been given until actually received by the
addressee). Any notice or communication to the Trustee shall be deemed delivered upon receipt.

(d) Any
notice or communication sent to a Holder shall be mailed to the Holder at the Holders address as it appears in the Notes Register
and shall be sufficiently given if so sent within the time prescribed.

(e) Failure
to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If
a notice or communication is sent in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.

(f) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Indenture or any Note, where this Indenture or any Note provides for notice of any event (including any notice
of redemption or purchase) to a Holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given
to DTC (or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from DTC or its designee.

-106-

(g) The
Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions)
given pursuant to this Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Issuers shall provide
to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers)
and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Issuers whenever
a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Issuers elect to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means and
the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed
controlling. The Issuers understand and agree that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions
and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the
incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Issuers shall be responsible for ensuring
that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Issuers, and all Authorized Officers are solely
responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys
upon receipt by the Issuers. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the
Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with
a subsequent written instruction. The Issuers agree: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to submit
Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of
interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the various
methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected
by the Issuers; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions provide
to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to notify the
Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures.

Section 13.2. Communication
by Holders with Other Holders. Holders may communicate pursuant to TIA Section 312(b) with other Holders with respect to
their rights under this Indenture or the Notes. The Issuers, the Trustee, the Registrar and anyone else shall have the protection of
TIA Section 312(c).

Section 13.3. Certificate
and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent.

(a) Upon
any request or application by the Issuers or any of the Guarantors to the Trustee to take or refrain from taking any action under this
Indenture, the Issuers or such Guarantor, as the case may be, shall furnish to the Trustee:

(1) an
Officers Certificate in form satisfactory to the Trustee (which shall include the statements set forth in Section 13.4
hereof) stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to
the proposed action have been complied with; and

(2) an
Opinion of Counsel in form satisfactory to the Trustee (which shall include the statements set forth in Section 13.4 hereof)
stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent have been satisfied and all covenants have been complied
with.

Section 13.4. Statements
Required in Certificate or Opinion.

(a) Each
certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a covenant or condition provided for in this Indenture shall include:

(1) a
statement that the individual making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition;

(2) a
brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such
certificate or opinion are based;

(3) a
statement that, in the opinion of such individual, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express
an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

(4) a
statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such individual, such covenant or condition has been complied with.

-107-

(b) In
giving such Opinion of Counsel, counsel may rely as to factual matters on an Officers Certificate or on certificates of public
officials.

Section 13.5. When
Notes Disregarded. In determining whether the Holders of the required aggregate principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction,
waiver or consent, Notes owned by the Issuers, any Guarantor or any Affiliate of them shall be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding,
except that, for the purpose of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent,
only Notes which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Also, subject to the foregoing,
only Notes outstanding at the time shall be considered in any such determination.

Section 13.6. Rules by
Trustee, Paying Agent and Registrar. The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by, or at meetings of, Holders. The Registrar
and the Paying Agent may make reasonable rules for their functions.

Section 13.7. Legal
Holidays. A Legal Holiday is a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which commercial banking institutions are
authorized or required to be closed in New York, New York or the state of the Place of Payment. If a payment date is a Legal Holiday,
payment shall be made on the next succeeding day that is not a Legal Holiday, and no interest shall accrue for the intervening period.
If a regular record date is a Legal Holiday, the record date shall not be affected.

Section 13.8. Governing
Law. THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND THE NOTE GUARANTEES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE
OF NEW YORK. THE APPLICATION OF ARTICLES 470-1 TO 470-19 OF THE LUXEMBOURG LAW ON COMMERCIAL COMPANIES DATED AUGUST 10, 1915, AS AMENDED
(THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANIES LAW) ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED.

Section 13.9. Jurisdiction.
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantors agree that any suit, action or proceeding against the Issuers or any Guarantor brought by any
Holder or the Trustee arising out of or based upon this Indenture, the Note Guarantees or the Notes may be instituted in the courts of
the State of New York and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and any appellate court thereof, in
each case, sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New York. The Issuers and the Guarantors irrevocably waive, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection to any suit, action, or proceeding that may be brought in connection with this Indenture,
the Note Guarantee or the Notes, including such actions, suits or proceedings relating to securities laws of the United States of America
or any state thereof, in such courts whether on the grounds of venue, residence or domicile or on the ground that any such suit, action
or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. The Issuers and the Guarantors agree that final judgment in any such suit, action
or proceeding brought in such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuers or the Guarantors, as the case may be, and may be
enforced in any court to the jurisdiction of which the Issuers or the Guarantors, as the case may be, are subject by a suit upon such
judgment.

Section 13.10. Waivers
of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE ISSUERS, THE GUARANTORS AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY, AND EACH HOLDER OF A NOTE BY ITS ACCEPTANCE THEREBY, IRREVOCABLY
AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION
OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE NOTE GUARANTEES AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN.

Section 13.11. USA
PATRIOT Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all
financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record
information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account. The parties to this Indenture
agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order to satisfy the requirements of the USA PATRIOT
Act.

-108-

Section 13.12. No
Recourse Against Others. No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator or shareholder of the Issuers or any
of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates, as such (other than the Issuers and the Guarantors), shall have any liability for any obligations
of the Issuers or the Guarantors under the Note Documents or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of such obligations
or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration
for issuance of the Notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws and it is the view
of the SEC that such a waiver is against public policy.

Section 13.13. Successors.
All agreements of the Issuers and each Guarantor in this Indenture and the Notes shall bind their respective successors. All agreements
of the Trustee and the Collateral Agent in this Indenture shall bind their respective successors.

Section 13.14. Multiple
Originals. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together
represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by electronic transmission shall constitute
effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all
purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted electronically shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.

Section 13.15. Table
of Contents; Headings. The table of contents, cross-reference table and headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have
been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not intended to be considered a part hereof and shall not modify or restrict any
of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 13.16. Force
Majeure. The Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this
Indenture to the extent caused, directly or indirectly, by natural disasters, fire, acts of God, strikes or other labor disputes, work
stoppages, acts of war or terrorism, general civil unrest, actual or threatened epidemics, pandemics, disease, act of any government,
Governmental Authority or police or military authority, declared or threatened state of emergency, legal constraint, the interruption,
loss or malfunction of utilities or transportation, communications or computer systems, or any other similar events beyond its reasonable
control, it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable best efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking
industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

Section 13.17. Severability.
In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 13.18. Agent
for Service of Process. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantors appoints Corporation Service Company, located at 1180 Avenue of the
Americas, Suite 210, New York, New York as its authorized agent upon which service of process may be served in any action or proceeding
brought in the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, in each case,
sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New York, in connection with this Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees.

Section 13.19. Waiver
of Immunities. To the extent that the Issuers may in any jurisdiction claim for themselves or their assets immunity from a suit,
execution, attachment, whether in aid of execution, before judgment or otherwise, or other legal process in connection with and as set
out in this Indenture and the Notes and to the extent that in any jurisdiction there may be immunity attributed to the Issuers or the
Issuers assets, whether or not claimed, the Issuers hereby irrevocably agree for the benefit of the Holders not to claim, and
irrevocably waive, the immunity to the full extent permitted by law.

Section 13.20. Currency
Indemnity.

(a) The
sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuers under this Indenture is U.S. Dollars. Any amount received or
recovered in a currency other than U.S. Dollars (whether as a result of, or the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any
jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuers, any Subsidiary or otherwise) by the Holder in respect of any sum expressed
to be due to it from the Issuers will constitute a discharge of the Issuers only to the extent of the U.S. Dollar amount which the recipient
is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it
is not possible to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is possible to do so). If that U.S. Dollar amount is
less than the U.S. Dollar amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note, the Issuers will indemnify the recipient against
any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event the Issuers will indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase.

-109-

(b) For
the purposes of this indemnity, it will be sufficient for the Holder to certify that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase
of U.S. Dollar amount been made with the amount so received in that other currency on the date of receipt or recovery (or, if a purchase
of U.S. Dollar amount on such date had not been practicable, on the first date on which it would have been practicable). These indemnities
constitute a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations of the Issuers, will give rise to a separate and independent
cause of action, will apply irrespective of any waiver granted by any Holder and will continue in full force and effect despite any other
judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or any other judgment or order.

Section 13.21. U.S.
Federal Income Tax Treatment.

(a) The
Issuers intend that, for U.S. federal and applicable state and local income tax purposes, on the Issue Date, all or a portion of the
Indebtedness under the Notes will be deemed incurred by the Company and the remaining portion of Indebtedness under the Notes, if any,
will be deemed incurred by Trinseo Finance. The portion of the Notes that will be deemed to be borrowed by each Issuer on the Issue Date,
and the portion of the Notes deemed to be borrowed by each Issuer after any subsequent change to any allocation of Indebtedness between
the Issuers, will be made available to a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes upon written request to: Attn: Treasurer, Trinseo, Gwattstrasse
15, CH-8808 Pfaeffikon SZ, Switzerland.

(b) Although
the Notes are co-issued by the Issuers and, therefore, each of the Issuers is liable for repayment of the Notes and all interest and
additional amounts thereon in their entirety, the Issuers intend to treat, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company and Trinseo
Finance, respectively, as the issuer of only the portion of the Notes deemed to be borrowed by each such Issuer in accordance with paragraph
(a) of this Section 13.21. In addition, the interest (including any original issue discount) and principal due
on the portion of the Notes deemed to be borrowed by each Issuer will be paid, on a pro rata basis, by (or on behalf of) the applicable
Issuer.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Indenture, (i) each Holder and beneficial owner of a Note acknowledges that the
Issuers have the right to change the foregoing allocations between the Company and Trinseo Finance for any reason, including as a result
of a redemption of any Notes or the issuance of Additional Notes, in a manner that differs from the initial allocation under the outstanding
Notes, (ii) the Issuers are entitled (A) not to treat any Additional Notes that have a different allocation than the initial
allocation with respect to the outstanding Notes as non-fungible for U.S. federal income tax purposes solely as a result of such different
allocation, and (B) to treat the issuance of Additional Notes as resulting in a change in the allocation of the outstanding Notes
so as to have the same allocation across the Additional Notes and the outstanding Notes and (iii) each Holder and beneficial owner
agrees and acknowledges that any applicable withholding agent may withhold U.S. federal withholding tax, including any withholding imposed
under FATCA, from any interest payment made on any Note to or for the benefit of any person who is not a United States person,
as such term is defined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and pay such withheld amounts to the IRS, in each case in accordance with
applicable law, unless such person provides documentation to the applicable withholding agent establishing an exemption from such U.S.
federal withholding tax; provided that the amount of any such withholding may be determined (regardless of the actual allocation)
as if interest on such Note were treated entirely as U.S. source income for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

Section 13.22. Office
of Foreign Asset Control Sanctions Representation.

(a) The
Issuers represent that neither they nor any of their affiliates, subsidiaries, directors or officers are the target or subject of any
sanctions enforced by the US Government (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of
the Treasury or the US Department of State), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, the
Swiss State Secretariat for Economic Affairs SECO or the Swiss Directorate of International Law, or other relevant sanctions authority
(collectively Sanctions).

-110-

(b) The
Issuers covenant that neither they nor any of their affiliates, subsidiaries, directors or officers will directly or indirectly use any
payments made pursuant to this Indenture, (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person who, at the time
of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business
with any country or territory that is the target or subject of Sanctions, or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation
of Sanctions by any person.

[Signatures on following pages]

-111-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this
Indenture to be duly executed all as of the date and year first written above.

TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV S.
R.L.,

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to Indenture]

TRINSEO NA FINANCE SPV LLC

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

ARISTECH SURFACES LLC

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

ALTUGLAS LLC

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

TRINSEO PLC

By: /s/ Frank Bozich

Name: Frank Bozich

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Indenture]

TRINSEO NA FINANCE LLC

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

THE
BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Glenn Kunak

Name: Glenn Kunak

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Indenture]

ALTER
DOMUS (US) LLC,

as Collateral Agent

By: /s/ Matthew Trybula

Name: Matthew Trybula

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Indenture]

SCHEDULE I

FOREIGN GUARANTEE LIMITATIONS

Limitation for German Foreign Guarantors

The Note Guarantee will contain customary
limitations on the guarantees of Foreign Guarantors incorporated in Germany (German Guarantors) as (i) a limited
liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung (GmbH)) or (ii) a limited partnership (Kommanditgesellschaft
(KG)) with a GmbH as its general partner (Komplementr). Pursuant to such limitation language the
beneficiaries of the Note Guarantee agree to enforce the guarantees against a German Guarantor only to the extent that the relevant German
Guarantor is able to demonstrate that the granting of the Note Guarantee, at the date of the granting, did not result, or the enforcement
of the Note Guarantee will not result, in the relevant German Guarantors (or to the extent incorporated as a KG with a GmbH as
its general partner (GmbH & Co. KG), its general partners (Komplementr)) net assets (assets minus
liabilities and liability reserves) falling below, or increasing an existing shortfall of, its stated share capital. Thus, the enforcement
of any Note Guarantee granted by a German Guarantor will be subject to such limitations. Likewise, the in rem security interests
of the German Guarantors will also contain such limitation language under which the enforcement of, or the distribution of the proceeds
from the enforcement of (as applicable), such security interests is contractually limited.

Limitation for Irish Guarantor

(a) The
Note Guarantee does not apply, in respect of a Guarantor incorporated under the laws of Ireland, to any liability to the extent that
it would result in the Note Guarantee constituting unlawful financial assistance within the meaning of section 82 of the Companies Act
2014 of Ireland.

Limitation for Swiss Foreign Guarantors

(a) To
the extent that (i) a Foreign Guarantor which is incorporated under the laws of Switzerland (the Swiss Guarantor)
becomes, under Article XI of the Indenture or under any other provision of any Note Document (together the Transaction
Document), liable for Guaranteed Obligations of its Affiliates (other than those of its direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiaries)
or otherwise obliged to grant economic benefits to its Affiliates (other than its direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiaries), including,
for the avoidance of doubt, any joint liability and/or restrictions of the Swiss Guarantors rights of set-off and/or subrogation
or its duties to subordinate or waive claims and (ii) complying with such obligations would constitute a repayment of capital (Einlagerckgewhr),
a violation of the legally protected reserves (gesetzlich geschtzte Reserven) or the payment of a (constructive) dividend
(Gewinnausschttung) by the Swiss Guarantor or would otherwise be restricted under Swiss corporate law then applicable (the
Restricted Obligations), the aggregate liability of the Swiss Guarantor for Restricted Obligations shall be limited
to the amount available for distribution as dividends to the shareholders of the Swiss Guarantor at the time the Swiss Guarantor is required
to perform under any Transaction Document, provided that this is a requirement under applicable Swiss law at that time and further provided
that such limitation shall not discharge the Swiss Guarantor from its obligations in excess thereof, but merely postpone the performance
date therefore until such times as performance is again permitted notwithstanding such limitation. Any and all indemnities and guarantees
contained in the Transaction Documents shall be construed in a manner consistent with the provisos herein contained.

(b) In
respect of Restricted Obligations, the Swiss Guarantor shall:

(1) if
and to the extent required by applicable law in force at the relevant time use its best efforts to mitigate to the extent possible any
obligation with respect to withholding tax in accordance with the Federal Act on Anticipatory Tax of 13 October 1965, as amended
(Bundesgesetz ber die Verrechnungssteuer) (Swiss Withholding Tax) to be levied on the Restricted Obligations
(and cause its parent and other relevant Affiliates to fully cooperate in any mitigating efforts), in particular through the notification
procedure, and promptly notify the Trustee, in writing, thereof or, if such a notification procedure is not applicable:

(i) deduct
Swiss Withholding Tax at the rate of 35 per cent. (or such other rate as in force from time to time pursuant to, in particular, any applicable
double taxation treaty) from any payment made by it in respect of Restricted Obligations;

(ii) pay
any such deduction to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration; and

(iii) notify
(and the Issuers shall ensure that the Swiss Guarantor will notify) the Trustee, in writing, that such a deduction has been made and
provide the Trustee with evidence that such a deduction has been paid to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration; and

(2) to
the extent such a deduction is made, not be obliged to pay Additional Amounts in relation to any such payment made by it in respect of
Restricted Obligations unless such payment is permitted under the laws of Switzerland then in force (it being understood that this shall
not in any way limit any obligations of any other Guarantor, Foreign Guarantors or the Issuers under any Transaction Document to indemnify
the Holders and the Trustee in respect of the deduction of the Swiss Withholding Tax). The Swiss Guarantor shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to ensure that any Person which is, as a result of a deduction of Swiss Withholding Tax, entitled to a full or partial
refund of the Swiss Withholding Tax, will, as soon as possible after the deduction of the Swiss Withholding Tax, (i) request a refund
of the Swiss Withholding Tax under any applicable law (including double tax treaties) and (ii) promptly upon receipt, pay to the
Trustee (or to any such other Person as directed by the Trustee) any amount so refunded for application as a further payment of the Swiss
Guarantor under and pursuant to the relevant Transaction Document.

(3) If
and to the extent requested by the Trustee (acting at the written direction of Required Holders) and if and to the extent this is from
time to time required under Swiss law (restricting profit distributions), in order to allow the Holders and the Trustee to obtain a maximum
benefit under Article XI of the Indenture, the Swiss Guarantor shall, and any parent company of the Swiss Guarantor being a party
to the Indenture shall procure that the Swiss Guarantor will, promptly implement all such measures and/or promptly procure the fulfillment
of all prerequisites allowing it to promptly make the (requested) payment(s) hereunder from time to time, including the following:

(i) preparation
of an up-to-date audited balance sheet of the Swiss Guarantor;

(ii) confirmation
of the auditors of the Swiss Guarantor that the relevant amount represents (the maximum of) freely distributable profits;

(iii) conversion
of restricted reserves into profits and reserves freely available for the distribution as dividends (to the extent permitted by mandatory
Swiss law);

(iv) revaluation
of hidden reserves (to the extent permitted by mandatory Swiss law);

(v) approval
by a shareholders meeting of the Swiss Guarantor of the (resulting) profit distribution; and

(vi) all
such other measures necessary or useful to allow the Swiss Guarantor to make the payments agreed hereunder with a minimum of limitations.

Limitation for Belgian Guarantors

(a) Definitions.
The following terms shall have the following meaning for the purposes of this Schedule I, unless the context requires otherwise:

(1) BCCA
means the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations of 23 March 2019, as amended from time to time;

(2) Belgian
Guarantor means each of TRINSEO BELGIUM BV, having its statutory seat at Havenlaan 7, 3980 Tessenderlo (Belgium), registered with
the Crossroads Bank of Enterprises under number 0820.679.188 (RPR Antwerp division Hasselt) and TRINSEO OPERATING BELGIUM B.V.,
having its statutory seat at Havenlaan 7, 3980 Tessenderlo (Belgium), registered with the Crossroads Bank of Enterprises under number
0784.679.718 (RPR Antwerp division Hasselt);

(3) Net
Assets shall have the meaning given to it in article 5:142 third paragraph BCCA, and, in the event of a dispute on the amount
thereof, a certificate of such amount from the statutory auditors of the relevant Belgian Guarantor (or, if none, an independent accountant
of international reputation appointed upon the Collateral Agent's request by the "Insituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/ Institut
des Rviseurs d'Entreprises") shall be conclusive, save in the case of manifest error;

(4) On
Lending means the aggregate amount of all amounts (whether or not due or payable) made available by a member of the relevant Belgian
Guarantors company group to the relevant Belgian Guarantor and/or any of its Subsidiaries, irrespective of whether retained or
on lent by such Belgian Guarantor or its Subsidiaries; and

(5) Subsidiary
means a company which is controlled by that company in the meaning of Article 1:15,2 BCCA.

(b) Limitation.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, the liability of each Belgian Guarantor under any Note Document for the Guaranteed
Obligations of its Affiliates, which is not a direct or indirect Subsidiary of that Belgian Guarantor, will be limited to the greater
of:

(1) an
amount equal to 85 (eighty-five) per cent of the Net Assets of such Belgian Guarantor calculated on the basis of its most recent annual
financial statements available at the date of the Note Guarantee;

(2) an
amount equal to 85 (eighty-five) per cent of the Net Assets of such Belgian Guarantor calculated on the basis of its most recent annual
financial statements available at the date on which a demand is made on the Belgian Guarantor under the Note Guarantee; and

(3) the
highest amount of On Lending to such Belgian Guarantor and its Subsidiaries at any time between the date of the Note Guarantee and the
date on which a demand is made against the Belgian Guarantor under the Note Guarantee.

(c) In
addition, the Note Guarantee does not apply to any liability to the extent that it would result in the Note Guarantee constituting unlawful
financial assistance within the meaning of Article 5:152 BCCA.

Limitation for Indonesian Guarantors

Two
of the Guarantors, PT Trinseo Materials Indonesia and PT Trinseo Operating Indonesia ("Indonesian Guarantors"), are
incorporated under the laws of Indonesia. The Indonesian Guarantors have submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State
of New York and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and any appellate court thereof, in each case,
sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New York (US Courts) under the Note Guarantee.

Judgment of a non-Indonesian court, including a judgement obtained
in the US Courts, will not be enforceable by the courts in the Republic of Indonesia. A non-Indonesian judgment may, however, be given
such evidentiary weight as an Indonesian court considers appropriate in its sole discretion. A claimant may be required to pursue claims
in Indonesian courts on the basis of Indonesian law. Re-examination of the underlying claim de novo would be required before an Indonesian
court in order to enforce the claim in the Republic of Indonesia.

SCHEDULE II

TRIGGERING EVENTS

Triggering Events

Triggering
Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:

(a) the
Trinseo Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall propose to undertake, undertake steps to or consummate, in one or more
related transactions, a Chewy Transaction, a J. Crew Transaction or a Serta Transaction;

(b) the
Trinseo Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary,
or make any Investment in any Unrestricted Subsidiary (other than (i) any Investment in the Trinseo NA Finance LLC, Trinseo NA Finance
SPV LLC, Altuglas LLC and Aristech Surfaces LLC and (ii) any Investment of Securitization Assets in Trinseo U.S. Receivables Company
SPV LLC);

(c) notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in Section 7.13 of the OpCo Credit Agreement, the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
shall prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner any Indebtedness constituting
a Junior Financing that is contractually subordinated in right of payment or in lien priority to the 2023 Incremental Term Loans, the
2023 Refinancing Term Loans or the 2025 Incremental Term Loans;

(d) notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in Section 7.03(r) or Section 7.01(w) of the OpCo Credit Agreement, any Non-Loan Party shall
incur Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.03(r) of the OpCo Credit Agreement and/or secure such Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.01(w) of
the OpCo Credit Agreement, in each case other than to finance working capital needs in such Non-Loan Partys ordinary course of
business;

(e) notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in Section 7.03(s), Section 7.03(v), Section 7.03(w) or Section 7.01 of the OpCo Credit
Agreement, any Non-Loan Party shall incur Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.03(v), Section 7.03(s) or Section 7.03(w) of
the OpCo Credit Agreement and/or secure such Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.01 of the OpCo Credit Agreement, in each case other
than to finance working capital needs in such Non-Loan Partys ordinary course of business;

(f) any
of the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans, 2023 Incremental Term Loans or 2025 Incremental Term Loans shall be assigned or transferred, in whole
or in part, to an assignee without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Holders);

(g) an
Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (f) or (g) of the OpCo Credit Agreement shall have occurred and be continuing;

(h) the
Trinseo Lead Borrower shall repurchase, voluntarily prepay, defease or redeem the 2021 Incremental Term Loans other than with proceeds
of a Permitted Refinancing;

(i) the
Trinseo Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall enter into Permitted Securitizations the Maximum Securitization Facility
Size of which exceed at any time $150,000,000 in the aggregate;

(j) [reserved];

(k) the
proviso in the definition of Net Proceeds, which excludes from the requirement to prepay the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(b) of
the OpCo Credit Agreement the Net Proceeds of Dispositions of property or assets elected by the Trinseo Lead Borrower that do not exceed
$300,000,000 in the aggregate, shall be in effect at any time after the 2021 Incremental Term Loans are no longer outstanding;

(l) after
the Issue Date, the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall incur any Indebtedness pursuant to Section 2.16 of
the OpCo Credit Agreement;

(m) the
Trinseo Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall make a Restricted Payment (other than (i) a dividend, distribution or other
payment directly or indirectly to the Lead Borrower and/or (ii) a Restricted Investment entered into for a bona fide business purpose
(as determined in good faith by the Trinseo Lead Borrower) so long as such Restricted Investment is made by (x) any Trinseo Loan
Party or (y) a Person that will become a Loan Party or a Trinseo Loan Party substantially concurrently with the making of such Restricted
Investment) pursuant to Section 7.06(g)(y) of the OpCo Credit Agreement utilizing clause (a) of the definition of Cumulative
Credit and not in connection with any Liability Management Transaction;

(n) the
amount of Cumulative Credit or the calculation of any Permitted Investment available at any time, in each case as a result of dividends
or distributions received by the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from Americas Styrenics after the Issue Date, shall
be used by the Trinseo Loan Parties or any Restricted Subsidiary for any purpose other than (i) a dividend, distribution or other
payment directly or indirectly to the Lead Borrower and/or (ii) an Investment entered into for a bona fide business purpose (as
determined in good faith by the Trinseo Lead Borrower) so long as such Investment is (1) made by (x) any Trinseo Loan Party
or (y) a Person that will become a Loan Party or a Trinseo Loan Party substantially concurrently with the making of such Investment
and (2) not in connection with any Liability Management Transaction; or

(o) the
Trinseo Lead Borrower or any Subsidiary incurs any Indebtedness, makes any Investment or transfers or otherwise disposes of any asset
or property in connection with any Liability Management Transaction;

provided
that, the Transactions and any transaction taken in connection with or as a step to accomplish the Transactions shall not
be a Triggering Event.

For purposes of this definition,
the following terms shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the OpCo Credit Agreement as of the Issue Date:

2021 Incremental
Term Loans, 2023 Incremental Term Loans, 2023 Refinancing Term Loans, 2025 Incremental
Term Loans Cumulative Credit, Dispositions, Event of Default, Guaranteed
Obligations, Guarantor, Indebtedness, Investment, Junior Financing,
Lien, Maximum Securitization Facility Size, Net Proceeds, Non-Loan Party,
Permitted Refinancing, Permitted Securitizations, Restricted Investment, Restricted
Payment, Securitization Assets, Superpriority Credit Agreement, Term Loan and
Unrestricted Subsidiary.

For purposes of this definition,
the following terms shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement as of the Issue Date:

Restricted Subsidiary and Trinseo Lead Borrower.

The Trinseo Lead Borrower agrees
that if the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary uses either of the baskets referenced in clause (m) and (n) above
to make an Investment after the Issue Date consisting of an acquisition of an asset or Person that will not become collateral under the
OpCo Credit Agreement or will not become a Trinseo Loan Party under the OpCo Credit Agreement, as applicable, and the consideration for
such acquisition is in excess of $10,000,000, then within a reasonable time period after the closing of such acquisition, Trinseo Lead
Borrower shall provide the collateral agent under the OpCo Credit Agreement with a share pledge with respect to the acquired Person (or
the Person which owns the acquired assets) to the extent that such share pledge is legally permitted by the relevant jurisdiction (including
giving due consideration to financial assistance, corporate benefit, capitalization requirements and similar concepts), does not cause
a material adverse tax consequence to the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and is not overly burdensome, in each case
as determined by the Trinseo Lead Borrower in consultation with the Holders.

It is agreed and understood
that the section references contained in this definition refer to section references in the OpCo Credit Agreement as of the Issue Date
and, in each case, any functional equivalents thereof from time to time.

Chewy Transaction
means any transaction or a series of related transactions as a result of which any Guarantor (as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement)
is released from the Guaranteed Obligations (as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement) and/or the Liens securing such Guaranteed Obligations
are released, in each case, as a result of such Guarantor ceasing to be a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Trinseo Lead Borrower or another
Loan Party under and as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement or otherwise becoming an Excluded Subsidiary (as defined in the OpCo Credit
Agreement), unless the transaction pursuant to which such Loan Party under and as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement ceases to be a
Subsidiary or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary (x) is permitted under the OpCo Credit Agreement (as in effect on the Issue Date),
(y) arises from legitimate bona fide business transactions solely to establish one or more joint ventures with one or more unaffiliated
third parties in order to undertake a commercial enterprise that is a permitted line of business (and not, for the avoidance of doubt,
for the purposes of releasing guarantees or collateral under the OpCo Credit Agreement or doing so in connection with a financing or
refinancing transaction) and (z) after giving effect to such transaction, one or more unaffiliated third parties shall own at least
20% of the common equity interests of such joint venture.

J. Crew Transaction
means any transaction or a series of related transactions as a result of which any asset or group of assets that is material to the business
of the Trinseo Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall be owned, as of any date of designation thereof,
by any Unrestricted Subsidiary or, after the date of designation thereof, transferred, assigned, contributed or exclusively licensed
to any Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided that if assets material to the business of the Trinseo Lead Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are transferred to an Unrestricted Subsidiary in connection with a financing provided by all or a portion
of the Holders (and consented to by the Required Holders), then the transfer of assets to an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall not constitute
a J. Crew Transaction if each then existing Holder is offered a bona fide opportunity to participate on the same terms
(other than bona fide backstop, put option, arrangement or restructuring fees or premiums) as offered to all other participants (or their
affiliates); provided, however, that if any such Holder does not accept an offer to participate in such transaction or
series of related transactions to the extent of its pro rata share, such Holder shall be deemed to have declined such offer. Notwithstanding
the foregoing a Permitted Securitization shall not be a J. Crew Transaction.

Liability Management
Transaction means any refinancing, retirement, amendment, exchange, repurchase, defeasance, assumption (including via an asset
sale) or similar transaction that results, directly or indirectly, in (x) any existing Indebtedness for borrowed money or Preferred
Stock of the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries becoming or (y) any new Indebtedness for borrowed money or Preferred
Stock of the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries being created, in each case, that is contractually, structurally or temporally
senior (including as to Lien priority or additional collateral) to the 2023 Incremental Term Loans, 2023 Refinancing Term Loans or 2025
Incremental Term Loans. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing limitation shall not apply to (i) any refinancing, retirement,
amendment, exchange, repurchase, defeasance, assumption or similar transaction with respect to any existing Indebtedness of the applicable
Person(s) that is already contractually, structurally or temporally senior (including as to Lien priority or additional collateral)
the 2023 Incremental Term Loans, 2023 Refinancing Term Loans or 2025 Incremental Term Loans, (ii) any Permitted Refinancing, (iii) any
funded Indebtedness to finance the working capital needs of a Non-Loan Party in ordinary course of business, (iv) any purchase money
or similar financings incurred in the ordinary course of business, (v) funded Indebtedness of any joint venture otherwise permitted
under the OpCo Credit Agreement, (vi) obligations under the Superpriority Credit Agreement (as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement)
in a principal amount not to exceed $350,000,000 (vii) any Permitted Securitization and (viii) any refinancing, retirement,
amendment, exchange, repurchase, defeasance, assumption or similar transaction with respect to any existing or new Indebtedness with
respect to which each then existing Holder is offered a bona fide opportunity to participate on the same terms (other than bona fide
backstop, put option, arrangement or restructuring fees or premiums) as offered to all other providers (or their affiliates); provided,
however, that if any such Holder does not accept an offer to provide its pro rata share of such other Indebtedness, such Holder
shall be deemed to have declined such offer.

Serta Transaction
means any transaction or series of related transactions that results in the contractual subordination of (i) the Liens securing
the Obligations under and as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement to any Lien securing any other Indebtedness of the Trinseo Loan Parties
or (ii) the right of payment of the Obligations under and as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement to any other Indebtedness of the
Trinseo Loan Parties, other than (x) in connection with any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.03(e)(i) of the
OpCo Credit Agreement in the ordinary course of business for bona fide business purposes with unaffiliated third parties and (y) other
than in connection with any Indebtedness with respect to which each then existing Holder is offered a bona fide opportunity to fund or
otherwise provide its pro rata share of such other Indebtedness on the same terms (other than bona fide backstop, put option, arrangement
or restructuring fees or premiums) as offered to all other providers (or their affiliates) of such other Indebtedness; provided,
however, that if any such Holder does not accept an offer to provide its pro rata share of such other Indebtedness, such Holder
shall be deemed to have declined such offer.

Super
Holdco Side Letter means the side letter entered into between the administrative agent under the Super HoldCo Credit
Agreement and the Trustee relating to certain consent rights relating to Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l.s actions
as lender with respect to the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans, 2023 Incremental Term Loans and 2025 Incremental Term Loans.

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF GLOBAL RESTRICTED NOTE]

[Applicable Restricted Notes Legend]

[Depository Legend, if applicable]

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE
DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, SUCH REGISTRATION.

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE
HEREOF, AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED SECURITIES, NOT TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE
TRANSFER SUCH SECURITY, PRIOR TO THE DATE (THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE) THAT IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF:
(I) THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF, (II) THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE ISSUANCE OF ANY ADDITIONAL NOTES AND (III) THE
LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUERS OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUERS WAS THE OWNER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH SECURITY),
EXCEPT (A) TO THE ISSUERS OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE SECURITIES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
(RULE 144A), TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A
THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS
BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (D) PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS THAT OCCUR OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WITHIN
THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (E) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING
OF RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT IS NOT A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND THAT IS PURCHASING
FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ANOTHER INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR, IN EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT
OF SECURITIES OR (F) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO
THE ISSUERS AND THE TRUSTEES RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES (D), (E) OR (F) TO
REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/ OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM. THIS LEGEND WILL
BE REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE.

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS SECURITY, THE HOLDER
THEREOF WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) NO PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY SUCH HOLDER TO ACQUIRE
OR HOLD THIS SECURITY CONSTITUTES THE ASSETS OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME
SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT
TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), OR A PLAN OR OTHER ENTITY SUBJECT
TO PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA
OR THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS), OR OF AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS
OF ANY SUCH PLAN, ACCOUNT OR ARRANGEMENT, OR (2) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS SECURITY BY SUCH HOLDER WILL NOT CONSTITUTE
A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A SIMILAR VIOLATION UNDER ANY
APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAWS, AND NONE OF THE ISSUERS OF THE SECURITIES NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES IS A FIDUCIARY (AS DEFINED
IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE CODE, IF APPLICABLE OR WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANY APPLICABLE
SIMILAR LAW) OF, NOR HAS BEEN RELIED UPON FOR ANY INVESTMENT ADVICE BY, SUCH HOLDER IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH HOLDERS INVESTMENT
IN THIS SECURITY.

B-1

THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD TO
THE PUBLIC IN LUXEMBOURG, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, AND NEITHER THE INDENTURE NOR ANY OTHER CIRCULAR, PROSPECTUS, FORM OF APPLICATION,
ADVERTISEMENT OR OTHER MATERIAL RELATED TO SUCH OFFER MAY BE DISTRIBUTED, OR OTHERWISE BE MADE AVAILABLE IN OR FROM, OR PUBLISHED
IN, LUXEMBOURG EXCEPT IF A PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN DULY APPROVED BY THE COMMISSION DE SURVEILLANCE DU SECTEUR FINANCIER IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, AS AMENDED (THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION) AND THE LUXEMBOURG LAW OF JULY 16, 2019 ON PROSPECTUS
FOR SECURITIES (THE PROSPECTUS LAW) OR THE OFFER BENEFITS FROM AN EXEMPTION TO OR CONSTITUTES A TRANSACTION OTHERWISE NOT
SUBJECT TO THE REQUIREMENT TO PUBLISH A PROSPECTUS FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION OR PROSPECTUS LAW.

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), NEW YORK, NEW YORK, TO THE ISSUERS OR THEIR
AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO.
OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH
OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE
BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED
TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO DTC, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS
OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED
TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF.

THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL
ISSUE DISCOUNT (WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 1272 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED). UPON WRITTEN REQUEST,
THE ISSUERS WILL PROMPTLY MAKE AVAILABLE TO ANY HOLDER OF THIS NOTE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: (1) THE ISSUE PRICE AND ISSUE DATE
OF THE NOTE, (2) THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ON THE NOTE AND (3) THE YIELD TO MATURITY OF THE NOTE. HOLDERS SHOULD
CONTACT: ATTN: TREASURER, TRINSEO, GWATTSTRASSE 15, CH-8808 PFAEFFIKON SZ, SWITZERLAND.

[Temporary Regulation S Legend, if applicable]

No. [] Principal Amount $[] [as revised by the Schedule of Increases
or Decreases in Global Notes attached hereto]1

CUSIP NO. 

ISIN NO. 

1 Insert in Global Notes only.

B-2

TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV S. R.L.

TRINSEO NA FINANCE SPV LLC

7.625% Second Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2029

[PIK Note]

TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV
S. R.L., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit
limite) organized and existing under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26,
boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg Register of
Commerce and Companies under number B279526 and TRINSEO NA FINANCE SPV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together, the
Issuers), promise to pay to [Cede & Co.]2, or its registered assigns, the principal sum of _______________
Dollars, [as revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Notes attached hereto],3 on May 3, 2029.

Interest Payment Dates: February 15 and August 15,
commencing on August 15, 2025

Record Dates: February 1 and August 1

Additional provisions of this Note are set forth
on the other side of this Note.

2
Insert applicable text in Global Notes only.

3
Insert in Global Notes only.

B-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuers have caused this
instrument to be duly executed.

TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV S.
R.L.

By: 

Name:

Title: Authorized Signatory

TRINSEO NA FINANCE SPV LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRUSTEE
CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture.

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,
as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: 

B-4

[FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE]

TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV S. R.L.

TRINSEO NA FINANCE SPV LLC

7.625% SECOND LIEN SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2029

[PIK NOTE]

Capitalized terms used herein
and not defined herein have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture.

1. Interest

TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV
S. R.L., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit
limite) organized and existing under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26,
boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg Register of
Commerce and Companies under number B279526 and TRINSEO NA FINANCE SPV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (such companies,
and their successors and assigns under the Indenture hereinafter referred to, being herein together called the Issuers),
promise to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at 7.625% per annum from January 17, 2025 until maturity. The Issuers
will pay interest semi-annually in arrears every February 15 and August 15 of each year, or if any such day is not a Business
Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each, an Interest Payment Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, from the
Issue Date through and including the sixth Interest Payment Date following the Issue Date, the Issuers shall pay interest as follows:
(a) 5.125% per annum in cash plus (b) 2.50% per annum of the stated interest either (i) by increasing the principal amount
of the outstanding Notes, or (ii) issuing Additional Notes, unless the Issuers elect to instead pay such 2.50% per annum in cash.
Thereafter until maturity, the entire 7.625% per annum shall be payable in cash. Interest on the Notes shall accrue from the most recent
date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from the date of issuance; provided, that the first Interest
Payment Date shall be August 15, 2025. The Issuers shall pay interest on overdue principal at the rate specified herein, and they
shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest
(without regard to any applicable grace period) at the same rate to the extent lawful. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the
basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months.

2. Method
of Payment

By no later than 10:00 a.m. (New
York City time) on the Business Day on which any principal of, premium, if any, interest, if any, on any Note is due and payable, the
Issuers shall deposit with the Paying Agent a sum sufficient in immediately available funds to pay such principal, premium and cash interest
when due. Interest on any Note which is payable, and is timely paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid
to the Person in whose name such Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) is registered at the close of business on the preceding February 1
and August 1 at the office or agency of the Issuers maintained for such purpose pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Indenture.
The principal of (and premium, if any) and cash interest on the Notes shall be payable at the office or agency of the Paying Agent or
Registrar designated by the Issuers maintained for such purpose (which shall initially be the office of the Trustee maintained for such
purpose), or at such other office or agency of the Issuers as may be maintained for such purpose pursuant to Section 2.3
of the Indenture; provided, however, that, at the option of the Paying Agent, each installment of cash interest may be
paid by (i) check mailed to addresses of the Persons entitled thereto as such addresses shall appear on the Notes Register or (ii) wire
transfer to an account located in the United States maintained by the payee, subject to the last sentence of this paragraph. Payments
in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note (including principal, premium, if any, and cash interest) will be made by wire transfer
of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by The Depository Trust Company or any successor depository. Payments in respect
of Notes represented by Definitive Notes (including principal, premium, if any, and cash interest) held by a Holder of at least $1,000,000
in aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by Definitive Notes will be made by wire transfer to a U.S. Dollar account maintained
by the payee with a bank in the United States if such Holder elects payment by wire transfer by giving written notice to the Trustee
or the Paying Agent to such effect designating such account no later than 15 days immediately preceding the relevant due date for
payment (or such other date as the Trustee may accept in its discretion). If an Interest Payment Date is a Legal Holiday, payment shall
be made on the next succeeding day that is not a Legal Holiday, and no cash interest shall accrue for the intervening period. If a regular
record date is a Legal Holiday, the record date shall not be affected.

B-5

3. Paying
Agent and Registrar

The Issuers initially appoint
The Bank of New York Mellon as Paying Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent. The Issuers may change a Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer
Agent without prior notice to the Holders. Either Issuer or any Guarantor may act as Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent.

4. Indenture

The Issuers issued the Notes
under an Indenture dated as of January 17, 2025 (as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the
terms thereof, the Indenture), among the Issuers, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto and the Trustee.
The Notes are subject to all terms and provisions of the Indenture, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and the Securities Act
for a statement of those terms.

The Notes are second lien
obligations of the Issuers. The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under the Indenture is unlimited.
This Note is one of the 7.625% Second Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2029 referred to in the Indenture. The Notes include (a) $379,494,400
aggregate principal amount of 7.625% Second Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2029, issued on the date hereof (the Initial Notes)
and (b) if and when issued, additional Notes that may be issued from time to time under the Indenture subsequent to January 17,
2025 (the Additional Notes) as provided in Section 2.1(a) of the Indenture. The Notes and any Additional
Notes shall be considered collectively as a single class for all purposes of the Indenture, including, without limitation, waivers, amendments,
redemptions and offers to purchase; provided that if the Issuers determine that any Additional Notes are not fungible with the
Initial Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number or ISIN, as applicable.

5. Guarantees

To guarantee the due and
punctual payment of the principal, premium, if any, and interest (including post-filing or post-petition interest) on the Notes and all
other amounts payable by the Issuers under the Indenture and the Notes when and as the same shall be due and payable, whether at maturity,
by acceleration or otherwise, according to the terms of the Notes and the Indenture, the Guarantors will unconditionally Guarantee (and
future guarantors, jointly and severally with the Guarantors, will fully and unconditionally Guarantee) such obligations on a second
lien basis pursuant to the terms of the Indenture.

6. Redemption

(a) At
any time prior to January 17, 2026, the Issuers may redeem the Notes in whole or in part, at their option, at a redemption price
equal to 100.000% of the principal amount of such Notes redeemed plus the relevant Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest
to, but not including, the redemption date.

(b) At
any time and from time to time on or after January 17, 2026, the Issuers may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption
price equal to the percentage of the principal amount of such Notes set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes redeemed,
to, but not including, the applicable date of redemption, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on January 17 of
the year indicated below:

12 Month Period Commencing
January 17 in year Percentage 

2026 103.813 %

2027
and thereafter 100.000 %

(c) In
addition to the foregoing, the Issuers shall be required to redeem the Notes following certain events as described in Section 5.8
under the Indenture.

B-6

(d) Unless
the Issuers default in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for
redemption on the applicable redemption date.

(e) Any
redemption pursuant to this paragraph 6 shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.1 through Section 5.6
of the Indenture.

7. [Reserved]

8. Denominations;
Transfer; Exchange

The Notes shall be issuable
only in fully registered form in minimum denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof. A Holder may transfer
or exchange Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements
or transfer documents and to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar
need not register the transfer of or exchange of any Note (A) for a period beginning (1) 15 days before the mailing of
a notice of an offer to repurchase or redeem Notes and ending at the close of business on the day of such mailing or (2) 15 days
before an Interest Payment Date and ending on such Interest Payment Date or (B) called for redemption, except the unredeemed portion
of any Note being redeemed in part.

9. Persons
Deemed Owners

The registered Holder of
this Note may be treated as the owner of it for all purposes.

10. Unclaimed
Money

If money for the payment
of principal, premium, if any, or interest remains unclaimed for two years, the Trustee or Paying Agent shall pay the money back to the
Issuers at their written request unless an abandoned property law designates another Person to receive such money. After any such payment,
Holders entitled to the money must look only to the Issuers and not to the Trustee for payment as general creditors unless an abandoned
property law designates another person for payment.

11. Discharge
and Defeasance

Subject to certain exceptions
and conditions set forth in the Indenture, the Issuers at any time may terminate some or all of their obligations under the Notes and
the Indenture if the Issuers deposit with the Trustee cash in Dollars or U.S. Government Obligations for the payment of principal, premium,
if any, and interest, if any, on the Notes to redemption or maturity, as the case may be.

12. Amendment,
Supplement, Waiver

Subject to certain exceptions
contained in the Indenture, the Indenture and the Notes may be amended, or a Default thereunder may be waived, with the consent of the
Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. Without notice to or the consent of any Holder, the Issuers,
the Guarantors and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes as provided in the Indenture.

13. Defaults
and Remedies

If an Event of Default (other
than an Event of Default relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of an Issuer or certain Guarantors) occurs
and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Issuers, or the Holders of at least 30% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes
by notice to the Issuers and the Trustee, may declare the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest and any other
monetary obligations on all the Notes to be due and payable immediately. Upon the effectiveness of such declaration, such principal,
premium and interest and other monetary obligations will be due and payable immediately. If a bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization
of an Issuer or certain Guarantors occurs and is continuing, the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest and any
other monetary obligations on all the Notes will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the
part of the Trustee or any Holders. Under certain circumstances, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes
may rescind any such acceleration with respect to the Notes and its consequences.

B-7

14. Trustee
Dealings with the Issuers

Subject to certain limitations
set forth in the Indenture, the Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise
deal with the Issuers, Guarantors or their Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. In addition, the Trustee
shall be permitted to engage in transactions with the Issuers and their Affiliates and Subsidiaries; provided, however,
that if the Trustee acquires any conflicting interest within the meaning of Section 310(b) of the TIA, the Trustee must (i) eliminate
such conflict within 90 days of acquiring such conflicting interest or (ii) resign.

15. No
Recourse Against Others

No past, present or future
director, officer, employee, incorporator or shareholder of the Issuers or any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates, as such (other than
the Issuers and the Guarantors), shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuers or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Note
Guarantees or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder
by accepting a note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the
Notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws and it is the view of the SEC that such
a waiver is against public policy.

16. Authentication

This Note shall not be valid
until an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or an Authenticating Agent acting on its behalf) signs the certificate of authentication
on the other side of this Note by manual or electronic signature.

17. Abbreviations

Customary abbreviations may
be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entirety), JT TEN (= joint
tenants with rights of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= custodian) and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gift to Minors
Act).

18. CUSIP
and ISIN Numbers

The Issuers have caused CUSIP
and ISIN numbers, if applicable, to be printed on the Notes and have directed the Trustee to use CUSIP and ISIN numbers, if applicable,
in notices of redemption or purchase as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either
as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption or purchase and reliance may be placed only on the other identification
numbers placed thereon.

19. Governing
Law

THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE APPLICATION OF ARTICLES 470-1 TO 470-19 OF THE LUXEMBOURG
LAW ON COMMERCIAL COMPANIES DATED AUGUST 10, 1915, AS AMENDED (THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANIES LAW) ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED. THE PROVISIONS UNDER
Section 13.9 OF THE INDENTURE IN RESPECT OF SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION
SHALL APPLY TO THIS NOTE.

B-8

The Issuers will furnish to any Holder upon written
request and without charge to the Holder a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to:

Trinseo LLC

Attention: Chief Legal Officer

1000 Chesterbrook Boulevard

Suite 300

Berwyn, Pennsylvania 19312

B-9

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

I or we assign and transfer this Note to:

(Print or type assignees name, address
and zip code)

(Insert assignees Social Security or tax
I.D. no.)

and irrevocably appoint ___________ agent to transfer this Note on
the books of the Issuers. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: Your Signature: 

Signature Guarantee:

(Signature must be guaranteed)

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.

The signature(s) should be guaranteed by
an eligible guarantor institution (banks, stockbrokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions with membership in an approved
signature guarantee medallion program), pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17Ad-15.

The
undersigned hereby certifies that it is / 
is not an Affiliate of the Issuers and that, to its knowledge, the proposed transferee 
is / is not an Affiliate of the Issuers.

In connection with any transfer
or exchange of any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate occurring prior to the date that is one year after the later of the date
of original issuance of such Notes and the last date, if any, on which such Notes were owned by the Issuers or any Affiliate of the Issuers,
the undersigned confirms that such Notes are being:

CHECK ONE BOX BELOW:

(1) acquired
for the undersigneds own account, without transfer; or

(2) transferred
to the Issuers; or

(3) transferred
pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act); or

(4) transferred
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act; or

(5) transferred
pursuant to and in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act; or

(6) transferred
to an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1),
(2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) or an accredited investor
(as defined in Rule 501(a)(4) under the Securities Act), that has furnished to
the Trustee a signed letter containing certain representations and agreements (the form of
which letter appears as Section 2.8 or 2.10 of the Indenture, respectively);
or

B-10

(7) transferred
pursuant to another available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

Unless one of the boxes is checked, the Trustee
will refuse to register any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate in the name of any person other than the registered Holder thereof;
provided, however, that if box (5), (6) or (7) is checked, the Issuers may require, prior to registering any
such transfer of the Notes, in their sole discretion, such legal opinions, certifications and other information as the Issuers may reasonably
request to confirm that such transfer is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, such as the exemption provided by Rule 144 under such Act.

Signature

Signature Guarantee:

(Signature must be guaranteed) Signature

The signature(s) should be guaranteed by
an eligible guarantor institution (banks, stockbrokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions with membership in an approved
signature guarantee medallion program), pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17Ad-15.

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF BOX (1) OR (3) ABOVE IS
CHECKED.

The undersigned represents
and warrants that it is purchasing this Note for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion
and that it and any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received
such information regarding the Issuers as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such
information and that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to claim
the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated:

B-11

[TO BE ATTACHED TO GLOBAL NOTES]

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL NOTES

The following increases or decreases in this Global
Note have been made:

Date
of Exchange Amount
of decrease in

Principal Amount of

this Global Note Amount
of increase in

Principal Amount of

this Global Note Principal
Amount of 

this Global Note

following such

decrease or increase Signature
of authorized

signatory of Trustee or 

Notes Custodian

B-12

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE TO ADD GUARANTORS

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, (this
Supplemental Indenture) dated as of [], 20[], by and among the parties that are signatories hereto
as Guarantors (the Guaranteeing Subsidiary), Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV S. r.l., a private limited liability
company (socit responsabilit limite) organized and
existing under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under
number B279526 (the Company), Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Trinseo
Finance and, together with the Company, the Issuers), the other Guarantors (as defined in the Indenture
referred to herein), The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as Collateral Agent under the Indenture referred
to below.

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, each of the Issuers,
the Guarantors and the Trustee have heretofore executed and delivered an indenture dated as of January 17, 2025 (as amended, supplemented,
waived or otherwise modified, the Indenture), providing for the issuance of $379,494,400 aggregate principal amount
of 7.625% Second Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2029, issued on the date hereof (the Initial Notes) (the Initial
Notes and any Additional Notes are collectively referred to as the Notes);

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides
that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to which
the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee, on a joint and several basis with the other Guarantors, all of the Issuers
obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein and under the Indenture (the Guarantee);
and

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 10.1
of the Indenture, the Issuers, any Guarantor and the Trustee are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture to
amend or supplement the Indenture, without the consent of any Holder;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary,
the Issuers, the other Guarantors and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the
Notes as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1. Defined
Terms. As used in this Supplemental Indenture, terms defined in the Indenture or in the preamble or recitals hereto are used herein
as therein defined. The words herein, hereof and hereby and other words of similar import used
in this Supplemental Indenture refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular section hereof.

ARTICLE II

AGREEMENT
TO BE BOUND; GUARANTEE

SECTION 2.1. Agreement
to Be Bound. [Subject to Section 2.3, the] [The] Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby becomes a party to the Indenture as a
Guarantor and as such will have all of the rights and be subject to all of the obligations and agreements of a Guarantor under the Indenture.

B-13

SECTION 2.2. Guarantee.
[Subject to Section 2.3, the] [The] Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees, on a joint and several basis with all the existing Guarantors,
to fully, unconditionally and irrevocably Guarantee to each Holder of the Notes and the Trustee the Guaranteed Obligations pursuant to
Article XI of the Indenture on a senior basis.

ARTICLE III

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 3.1. Notices.
All notices and other communications to the Guarantor shall be given as provided in the Indenture to the Guarantor, at its address set
forth below, with a copy to the Issuers as provided in the Indenture for notices to the Issuers.

SECTION 3.2. Mergers
and Consolidation. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall not sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to,
or consolidate with or merge with or into another Person (other than an Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor or becomes
a Guarantor concurrently with the transaction) except in accordance with Section 4.5 of the Indenture.

SECTION 3.3. Release
of Guarantee. This Guarantee shall be released in accordance with Section 11.2 of the Indenture.

SECTION 3.4. Parties.
Nothing expressed or mentioned herein is intended or shall be construed to give any Person, firm or corporation, other than the Holders
and the Trustee, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Supplemental Indenture or the Indenture or
any provision herein or therein contained.

SECTION 3.5. Governing
Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE APPLICATION
OF ARTICLES 470-1 TO 470-19 OF THE LUXEMBOURG LAW ON COMMERCIAL COMPANIES DATED AUGUST 10, 1915, AS AMENDED (THE LUXEMBOURG COMPANIES
LAW) ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED. THE PROVISIONS UNDER Section 13.9 OF THE
INDENTURE IN RESPECT OF SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION SHALL APPLY TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE.

SECTION 3.6. Severability.
In case any provision in this Supplemental Indenture shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and such provision shall be ineffective only to the
extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability.

SECTION 3.7. Benefits
Acknowledged. The Guaranteeing Subsidiarys Guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. The
Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by
the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture and that the guarantee and waivers made by it pursuant to this Guarantee are knowingly
made in contemplation of such benefits.

SECTION 3.8. Ratification
of Indenture; Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects
ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental
Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered
shall be bound hereby.

SECTION 3.9. The
Trustee. The Trustee makes no representation or warranty as to the validity, adequacy or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture
or with respect to the recitals or statements contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the other parties hereto, and
the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness.

SECTION 3.10. Counterparts.
The parties hereto may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them
together represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by electronic
transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used
in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes.

B-14

The
exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages that are executed by manual signatures that are
scanned, photocopied or faxed or by other electronic signing created on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign) or by digital signing
(such as Adobe Sign), in each case that is approved by the Trustee, shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental
Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto that are executed by manual signatures that are scanned, photocopied or
faxed or by other electronic signing created on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign) or by digital signing (such as Adobe Sign),
in each case that is approved by the Trustee, shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes of this Supplemental Indenture
as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original.

Anything
in this Supplemental Indenture or the Note to the contrary notwithstanding, for the purposes of the transactions contemplated
by this Supplemental Indenture, the Notes and any document to be signed in connection with the Indenture or the Notes (including the
Notes and amendments, supplements, waivers, consents and other modifications, Officers Certificates, Issuer Orders and Opinions
of Counsel and other issuance, authentication and delivery documents) or the transactions contemplated hereby may be signed by manual
signatures that are scanned, photocopied or faxed or other electronic signatures created on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign)
or by digital signature (such as Adobe Sign), in each case that is approved by the Trustee, and contract formations on electronic platforms
approved by the Trustee, and the keeping of records in electronic form, are hereby authorized, and each shall be of the same legal effect,
validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature in ink or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may
be.

SECTION 3.11. Execution
and Delivery. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure
to endorse on each Note a notation of any such Guarantee.

SECTION 3.12. Headings.
The headings of the Articles and the Sections in this Supplemental Indenture are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed
to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof.

B-15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV S.
R.L., represented

By: 

Name:

Title: Authorized Signatory

TRINSEO NA FINANCE SPV LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

[GUARANTOR],

as a Guarantor

By: 

Name:

Title:

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, not
in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

ALTER DOMUS (US) LLC, not in its
individual capacity but solely as Collateral Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm253651d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of January 17, 2025,

among

TRINSEO LUXCO S. R.L.,

as Holdings,

TRINSEO HOLDING S. R.L.,

as the Lead Borrower,

TRINSEO MATERIALS FINANCE, INC.,

as the Co-Borrower,

THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO FROM TIME TO TIME,

THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO FROM TIME TO TIME

and

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH,

as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, L/C
Issuer and Swing Line Lender

BARCLAYS BANK PLC,

BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP.,

DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.,

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,

HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC.,

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,

and

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC.,

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners

Table of Contents

Page

Article I Definitions and Accounting Terms 1

Section 1.01 Defined Terms 1

Section 1.02 Luxembourg Terms 56

Section 1.03 Swedish Terms 57

Section 1.04 Other Interpretive Provisions 58

Section 1.05 Accounting Terms 59

Section 1.06 Rounding 59

Section 1.07 References to Agreements, Laws, Etc. 59

Section 1.08 Times of Day 59

Section 1.09 Timing of Payment of Performance 59

Section 1.10 Pro Forma Calculations 59

Section 1.11 Currency Equivalents 62

Section 1.12 Exchange Rate 62

Section 1.13 Additional Alternative Currencies 62

Section 1.14 Cashless Settlement 63

Section 1.15 Rates. 63

Section 1.16 Finnish Provisions 63

Section 1.17 2025 Transactions 64

Article II The Commitments and Credit Extensions 64

Section 2.01 The Loans 64

Section 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 65

Section 2.03 Letters of Credit 67

Section 2.04 Swing Line Loans 75

Section 2.05 Prepayments 78

Section 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 80

Section 2.07 Repayment of Loans 81

Section 2.08 Interest 81

Section 2.09 Fees 82

Section 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 83

Section 2.11 Evidence of Indebtedness 83

Section 2.12 Payments Generally 83

Section 2.13 Sharing of Payments 85

Section 2.14 [Reserved] 86

Section 2.15 [Reserved] 86

Section 2.16 Incremental Credit Extensions 86

Section 2.17 Refinancing Amendments 90

Section 2.18 Extensions of Revolving Credit Commitments 93

Section 2.19 Defaulting Lenders 96

Section 2.20 Borrower Obligations Joint and Several 97

Article III Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality 98

Section 3.01 Taxes 98

Section 3.02 Illegality 102

Section 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 102

Section 3.04 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy; Reserves on Benchmark Rate Loans 104

Section 3.05 Funding Losses 105

(i) 

Section 3.06 Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation 105

Section 3.07 Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances 106

Section 3.08 Survival 107

Article IV Conditions Precedent to Credit Extensions 108

Section 4.01 First Credit Event 108

Section 4.02 All Credit Events 111

Article V Representations and Warranties 112

Section 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws 112

Section 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention 112

Section 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 112

Section 5.04 Binding Effect 113

Section 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 113

Section 5.06 Litigation 114

Section 5.07 Ownership of Property; Liens 114

Section 5.08 Environmental Matters 114

Section 5.09 Taxes 114

Section 5.10 ERISA Compliance 115

Section 5.11 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests 115

Section 5.12 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 115

Section 5.13 Disclosure 116

Section 5.14 Labor Matters 116

Section 5.15 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. 116

Section 5.16 Solvency 116

Section 5.17 Subordination of Junior Financing 116

Section 5.18 Collateral Documents; Valid Liens 116

Section 5.19 Centre of Main Interest 117

Section 5.20 Pensions Act 117

Section 5.21 Commercial Benefit 117

Section 5.22 USA PATRIOT Act, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions 117

Section 5.23 Luxembourg Specific Representations 118

Article VI Affirmative Covenants 118

Section 6.01 Financial Statements 118

Section 6.02 Certificates; Other Information 120

Section 6.03 Notices 121

Section 6.04 Payment of Taxes 121

Section 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 121

Section 6.06 Maintenance of Properties 122

Section 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance 122

Section 6.08 Compliance with Laws 122

Section 6.09 Books and Records 122

Section 6.10 Inspection Rights 123

Section 6.11 Additional Collateral; Additional Guarantors 123

Section 6.12 Compliance with Environmental Laws 130

Section 6.13 [Reserved] 130

Section 6.14 Further Assurances 130

Section 6.15 Designation of Subsidiaries 131

Section 6.16 Corporate Rating 131

(ii) 

Section 6.17 Use of Proceeds 131

Section 6.18 Post-Closing Actions 131

Section 6.19 Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws 131

Section 6.20 Lender Calls and MD&A; Opco Reporting Information 131

Article VII Negative Covenants 132

Section 7.01 Liens 132

Section 7.02 [Reserved] 136

Section 7.03 Indebtedness 136

Section 7.04 Fundamental Changes 140

Section 7.05 Dispositions 141

Section 7.06 Restricted Payments 143

Section 7.07 Change in Nature of Business 146

Section 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates 146

Section 7.09 Burdensome Agreements 147

Section 7.10 Anti-Cash Hoarding 149

Section 7.11 Financial Covenants 149

Section 7.12 Accounting Changes 149

Section 7.13 Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness 149

Section 7.14 Permitted Activities 150

Section 7.15 Amendments to Related Transaction Documents 151

Section 7.16 Wind-Down Provision 151

Section 7.17 Cash Management Practices 151

Article VIII Events of Default and Remedies 152

Section 8.01 Events of Default 152

Section 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 154

Section 8.03 Application of Funds 155

Section 8.04 Lead Borrowers Right to Cure 156

Article IX Administrative Agent and Other Agents 157

Section 9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Agents 157

Section 9.02 Delegation of Duties 159

Section 9.03 Liability of Agents 160

Section 9.04 Reliance by Agents 160

Section 9.05 Notice of Default 160

Section 9.06 Credit Decision; Disclosure of Information by Agents 161

Section 9.07 Indemnification of Agents 161

Section 9.08 Agents in their Individual Capacities 162

Section 9.09 Successor Agents 162

Section 9.10 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 163

Section 9.11 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 164

Section 9.12 Other Agents; Arrangers and Managers 165

Section 9.13 Appointment of Supplemental Agents 165

Section 9.14 [Reserved] 166

Section 9.15 Parallel Debt owed to Collateral Agent 166

Article X Miscellaneous 167

Section 10.01 Amendments, Etc. 167

Section 10.02 Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies 171

Section 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 171

Section 10.04 Attorney Costs and Expenses 172

(iii) 

Section 10.05 Indemnification 172

Section 10.06 Payments Set Aside 173

Section 10.07 Successors and Assigns 173

Section 10.08 Confidentiality 178

Section 10.09 Setoff 179

Section 10.10 Interest Rate Limitation 179

Section 10.11 Counterparts 179

Section 10.12 Integration 179

Section 10.13 Survival of Representations and Warranties 180

Section 10.14 Severability 180

Section 10.15 GOVERNING LAW 180

Section 10.16 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY 181

Section 10.17 Binding Effect 181

Section 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act 182

Section 10.19 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 182

Section 10.20 Judgment Currency 183

Section 10.21 Certain Undertakings with Respect to any Securitization Subsidiary 183

Section 10.22 INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENTS 184

Section 10.23 Certain ERISA Matters 184

Article XI Guarantee 186

Section 11.01 The Guarantee 186

Section 11.02 Obligations Unconditional 186

Section 11.03 Reinstatement 187

Section 11.04 Subrogation; Subordination 188

Section 11.05 Remedies 188

Section 11.06 Instrument for the Payment of Money 188

Section 11.07 Continuing Guarantee 188

Section 11.08 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations 188

Section 11.09 Specific Limitation for Swiss Guarantors 188

Section 11.10 [Reserved] 190

Section 11.11 Specific Limitation for Hong Kong Guarantors 190

Section 11.12 [Reserved] 190

Section 11.13 Specific Limitation for Luxembourg Guarantors 190

Section 11.14 Specific Limitation for Irish Guarantors 191

Section 11.15 Specific Limitation for Swedish Guarantors 191

Section 11.16 Specific Limitation for Finnish Guarantors 192

Section 11.17 Release of Guarantors 192

Section 11.18 Right of Contribution 193

Section 11.19 Keepwell 193

Section 11.20 Certain Dutch Guarantors 193

Section 11.21 [Reserved] 193

Section 11.22 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 193

Section 11.23 Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs 194

(iv) 

SCHEDULES 

Schedule
1.01A -- Commitments

Schedule
1.01B -- Existing
Letters of Credit

Schedule
1.01D -- Unrestricted
Subsidiaries

Schedule
1.01E -- Existing
Investments

Schedule
1.01F(a) -- Existing
Secured Hedge Agreements

Schedule
1.01F(b) -- Existing
Treasury Services Agreement

Schedule
4.01(b) -- Other
Collateral Documents

Schedule
5.07 -- Ownership
of Property

Schedule
5.08(a) -- Environmental
Matters

Schedule
5.11 -- Subsidiaries;
Equity Interests

Schedule
5.15 -- Aristech
and Altuglas IP

Schedule
6.18 -- Post-Closing
Actions

Schedule
6.20 -- Opco
Reporting Entities

Schedule
7.01(b) -- Existing
Liens

Schedule
7.03(b) -- Existing
Indebtedness

Schedule
7.08 -- Transactions
with Affiliates

Schedule
7.09 -- Certain
Contractual Obligations

Schedule
10.02 -- Notices
and Other Communications

EXHIBITS 

Form of 

Exhibit A -- Committed
Loan Notice

Exhibit B -- Swing
Line Loan Notice

Exhibit C-1 -- [Reserved]

Exhibit C-2 -- Revolving
Credit Note

Exhibit C-3 -- Swing
Line Note

Exhibit D -- Compliance
Certificate

Exhibit E -- Assignment
and Assumption

Exhibit F -- Pledge
and Security Agreement

Exhibit G -- Global
Intercompany Note

Exhibit H -- Guarantor
Joinder

Exhibit I -- Solvency
Certificate

Exhibit J -- Request
for L/C Issuance

Exhibit K -- Form of
Profit and Loss Statement

Exhibit L -- Second
Lien Intercreditor Agreement

(v) 

CREDIT AGREEMENT

This CREDIT AGREEMENT
is entered into as of January 17, 2025, (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, this Agreement), among TRINSEO LUXCO S. R.L., a
private limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite), organized and established
under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (RCS) under number B153577 (Holdings),
TRINSEO HOLDING S. R.L., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit
limite), organized and established under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard
Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, registered with the RCS under number B153582 (the Lead Borrower), TRINSEO MATERIALS
FINANCE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Co-Borrower, and together with the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers
and each, a Borrower) the Guarantors party hereto from time to time, the Lenders party hereto from time to time
(collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender) and DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH,
as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender.

PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS

The Borrowers requested that
the Lenders under this Agreement as of the Closing Date extend credit to the Borrowers in the form of Revolving Credit Commitments
in an aggregate principal amount of $300,000,000. The Revolving Credit Commitments permit the making of Revolving Credit Loans, Swing
Line Loans and the issuance of Letters of Credit from time to time.

The Revolving Credit Lenders
are willing to lend and the L/C Issuer is willing to issue Letters of Credit, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth herein.

In consideration of the mutual
covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

Article I

Definitions
and Accounting Terms

Section 1.01Defined
Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth
below:

2025 OpCo Incremental
Amendment has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04.

2025 Notes
means the 5.375% senior unsecured notes due 2025 issued pursuant to the 2025 Notes Indenture in the aggregate original principal amount
of $500,000,000.

2025 Notes Indenture
means that certain Indenture, dated as of August 29, 2017, by and among the Borrowers, as co-issuers, the guarantors party thereto
from time to time and the 2025 Notes Trustee, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, supplemented, replaced
or refinanced.

2025 Notes Trustee
means The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee under the 2025 Notes Indenture.

2025 Transaction
Support Agreement means that certain Transaction Support Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2024, by and among Parent,
certain Subsidiaries of Parent party thereto and the Supporting Creditors (as defined therein) party thereto from time to time.

2025 Transactions
means Transactions as defined in the 2025 Transaction Support Agreement.

2029 Notes
means the 5.125% senior unsecured notes due 2029 issued pursuant to the 2029 Notes Indenture in the aggregate original principal amount
of $450,000,000.

2029 Notes Indenture
means that certain Indenture, dated as of March 24, 2021, by and among the Borrowers, as co-issuers, the guarantors party thereto
from time to time and the 2029 Notes Trustee, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, supplemented, replaced
or refinanced to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement.

2029 Notes Trustee
means The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee under the 2029 Notes Indenture.

ACRA
means the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore.

Adjusted Term SOFR
means for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (i) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (ii) the Term SOFR
Adjustment; provided that, in no event shall Adjusted Term SOFR for the Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars be less
than the Floor.

Additional Lender
means any Person that is not an existing Lender and has agreed to provide Incremental Commitments pursuant to Section 2.16
or Refinancing Commitments pursuant to Section 2.17.

Administrative
Agent means DBNY, in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative
agent.

Administrative
Agent Fee Letter means that certain Administrative Agent Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Borrowers
and the Administrative Agent.

Administrative
Agents Office means the Administrative Agents address and account as set forth on Schedule 10.02, or
such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders.

Administrative
Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

Affected Financial
Institution has the meaning set forth in Section 11.22.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled
by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Agent-Related Persons
means the Agents, together with their respective Affiliates, and the officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys-in-fact of
such Persons and Affiliates.

Agents
means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Supplemental Agents (if any).

Aggregate Commitments
means the Commitments of all the Lenders.

Agreement
means this Credit Agreement, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time.

AHYDO Payment
means a payment in respect of Indebtedness in an amount sufficient to ensure that such Indebtedness will not be an applicable
high yield discount obligation within the meaning of Section 163(1) of the Code.

Alternative Currency
means Euros, Pounds Sterling and each other currency that is approved in accordance with Section 1.13.

2

All-In Yield
means, as to any Indebtedness, the yield thereof, whether in the form of interest rate, margin, OID, upfront fees, a EURIBOR Rate, Term
SOFR or Base Rate floor, or otherwise, in each case, incurred or payable by the applicable Borrower generally to all lenders of such
Indebtedness; provided that OID and upfront fees shall be equated to interest rate assuming a 4-year average life to maturity
on a straight line basis (e.g. 100 basis points of original issue discount equals 25 basis points of interest rate margin); and provided,
further, that All-In Yield shall not include amendment fees, arrangement fees, structuring fees, ticking fees, unused
line fees, commitment fees, underwriting fees and other similar fees not paid generally to all lenders in the primary syndication of
such Indebtedness.

Altuglas
means Altuglas LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

AML Laws
means the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act, and all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction in which any
Loan Party or any Subsidiary is located or is doing business from time to time concerning or relating to anti-money laundering and ensuring
that all sources of funding are lawful and identifiable.

Annual Financial
Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of comprehensive income, shareholders
equity and cash flows of Topco and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023.

Anti-Cash Hoarding
Provision has the meaning set forth in Section 7.10.

Anti-Cash Hoarding
Test Date has the meaning set forth in Section 7.10.

Anti-Corruption
Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption
applicable to Holdings or its Subsidiaries by virtue of such Person being organized or operating in such jurisdiction, including but
not limited to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder and the UK Bribery
Act 2010.

Anti-Liability
Management Provision has the meaning set forth in the last paragraph of Article VII.

Applicable Margin
means a percentage per annum equal to:

(a)with
respect to unused Revolving Credit Commitments, 0.375%;

(b)with
respect to Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans (which are to be maintained solely as Base Rate Loans) and Letters of Credit fees,
the following percentages per annum:

Applicable
Margin for Revolving Credit

Loans,
Swing Line Loans, Letter of Credit Fees

Benchmark
Rate and Letter of Credit Fees 

Base
Rate

2.25% 1.25%

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
(a) the Applicable Margin in respect of any Class of Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Revolving Credit Loans or Swing
Line Loans made pursuant to any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be the applicable percentages per annum set forth in the
relevant Extension Amendment, (b) the Applicable Margin in respect of any Class of Incremental Commitments, and any Class of
Incremental Loans shall be the applicable percentages per annum set forth in the relevant Incremental Amendment and (c) the Applicable
Margin in respect of any Class of Refinancing Commitments, any Class of Refinancing Loans established after the Closing Date
shall be the applicable percentages per annum set forth in the relevant Refinancing Amendment.

3

Appropriate Lender
means, at any time, (a) with respect to Loans of any Class, the Lenders of such Class, (b) with respect to Letters of Credit,
(i) the relevant L/C Issuers and (ii) the Revolving Credit Lenders and (c) with respect to the Swing Line Facility, (i) the
relevant Swing Line Lender and (ii) if any Swing Line Loans are outstanding pursuant to Section 2.04(a), the Revolving
Credit Lenders.

Approved Bank
has the meaning set forth in clause (c) of the definition of Cash Equivalents.

Approved Fund
means any Fund that is administered, advised or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity
or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises or manages a Lender.

Arkema Acquisition
means the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of 100% of the outstanding Equity Interests of Arkema Groups methyl methacrylates
(MMA) and polymethyl methacrylates (PMMA) business, as more specifically described in, and
pursuant to the terms of, that certain Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2021, between Arkema, a French socit
anonyme with its registered offices at 420, rue dEstienne dOrves, 92700 Colombes, France and registered with the registry
of commerce and company of Nanterre under number 445 074 685, as Seller, and Trinseo S.A., a Luxembourg socit anonyme
with its registered offices at 26-28 rue Edward Steichen, L-2540, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the registry
of commerce and company of Luxembourg under number B 153549, as Purchaser (the Arkema Acquisition Agreement).

Arrangers
means Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Fifth Third Bank, National Association, Goldman
Sachs Bank USA, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and Truist Securities, Inc.

Aristech
means Aristech Surfaces LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company.

Aristech and Altuglas
IP means any IP Rights necessary to operate the businesses of Aristech and Altuglas as set forth on Schedule 5.15 of this
Agreement.

Aristech and Altuglas
License Agreements means (a) the Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement, dated January 1, 2022, entered
into between Trinseo Europe, as licensor, and Altuglas, as licensee, with respect to the use of IP Rights that are necessary to operate
the businesses of Altuglas, and (b) the Technology License Agreement, dated September 1, 2021, entered into between Trinseo
Europe, as licensor, and Aristech, as licensee, with respect to the use of IP Rights that are necessary to operate the businesses of
Aristech.

ASIC
means the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.

Assignees
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(b).

Assignment and
Assumption shall mean an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party
whose consent is required by Section 10.07), in the form of Exhibit E or any other form approved by the Administrative
Agent and the Lead Borrower.

Associate
means (i) any Person of which the Lead Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries are the legal and beneficial owners of between 20%
and 50% of all outstanding voting Equity Interests and (ii) any joint venture entered into by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary of the Borrowers.

Attorney Costs
means and includes all reasonable, documented fees, expenses and disbursements of any law firm or other external legal counsel required
to be reimbursed by any Loan Party pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document.

4

Attributable Indebtedness
means, on any date, in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance
sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP.

Auditors
means a firm of recognized international auditors.

Auto-Extension
Letter of Credit has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(b)(iii).

Bail-In Action
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.22.

Bail-In Legislation
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.22.

Base Rate
means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the
rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by DBNY as its prime rate and (c) the
applicable Benchmark Rate for an Interest Period of one month commencing on such day plus 1.00% per annum; provided that
in no event shall the Base Rate be less than 1.00% per annum for all Revolving Credit Loans maintained as Base Rate Loans. The prime
rate is a rate set by DBNY based upon various factors including DBNY costs and desired return, general economic conditions and
other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate.
Any change in such rate announced by the Administrative Agent shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the
public announcement of such change.

Base Rate Loan
means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate.

Base Rate Term
SOFR Determination Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR.

Benchmark Rate
means (a) as to any Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Rate, and (b) as to any Revolving Credit Loans
denominated in Dollars, Adjusted Term SOFR.

Benchmark Rate
Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Benchmark Rate whether denominated in Dollars or in Euros.

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Beneficiary
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03(c).

BHC Act Affiliate
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.23.

Board of Directors
means, for any Person, the board of directors, the general partner or other governing body of such Person or, if such Person does not
have such a board of directors, general partner or other governing body and is owned or managed by a single entity, the Board of Directors
or board of managers (conseil de grance) of such entity, or, in either case, any committee thereof duly authorized to
act on behalf of such Board of Directors. Unless otherwise provided, Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of
the Lead Borrower.

Borrower
has the meaning provided in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Borrowing
means a Revolving Credit Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing, as the context may require.

5

Business Day
means (a) any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of,
or are in fact closed in, Luxembourg or the State where the Administrative Agents Office with respect to Loans denominated in
Dollars is located and (b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Benchmark Rate Loan denominated in Euros, any
fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in respect of any such Benchmark Rate Loan denominated in Euros, or any other dealings
to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Benchmark Rate Loan denominated in Euros, any such day described
in clause (a) above that is also a TARGET Day.

Calculation Date
shall mean (a) the first Business Day of each calendar month, (b) each date (with such date to be reasonably determined by
the Administrative Agent) that is on or about the date of the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit denominated
in an Alternative Currency, (c) each date (with such date to be reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) that is on or
about the date of a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Benchmark Rate Loans denominated in Euros and each continuation of a Benchmark Rate
Loan denominated in Euros and (d) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any Business Day as determined by the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion.

Capital Expenditures
means, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including in all events
all amounts expended or capitalized under Capitalized Leases) by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period
that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be included as capital expenditures on the consolidated statement of cash flows
of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries.

Capitalized Leases
means all leases that have been or are required to be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases; provided that
for all purposes hereunder the amount of obligations under any Capitalized Lease shall be the amount thereof accounted for as a liability
in accordance with GAAP.

Captive Insurance
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that is subject to regulation as an insurance company (or any Subsidiary
thereof).

Cash Collateral
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(g).

Cash Collateral
Account means a blocked account at DBNY (or another commercial bank selected in compliance with Section 9.09)
in the name of the Administrative Agent and under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, and otherwise established
in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

Cash Collateralize
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(g).

Cash Equivalents
means any of the following types of Investments:

(a)(i) Dollars,
Pounds Sterling, Canadian Dollars or Euros; or (ii) any other currency held by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
from time to time in the ordinary course of business;

(b)readily
marketable obligations issued or directly and fully Guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian governments or, in each case,
any agency or instrumentality of thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of such country or such member state is pledged
in support thereof), having maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition;

(c)certificates
of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers acceptances issued by any (i) Lender
or (ii) (a) commercial bank or trust company bank that is organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof
or the District of Columbia or is the principal banking Subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the Laws of the United States,
any state thereof or the District of Columbia and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, and (b) has combined capital and surplus
in excess of $100,000,000 (any such Persons referenced in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being an Approved
Bank), in each case with maturities not exceeding 24 months from the date of acquisition thereof;

6

(d)repurchase
obligations for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (b) and (c) entered into with any Approved Bank;

(e)commercial
paper and variable or fixed rate notes rated at the time of acquisition thereof at least A-2 (or the equivalent thereof
by S&P) or P-2 (or the equivalent thereof by Moodys) or carrying an equivalent rating by a Nationally Recognized
Statistical Rating Organization (if both of the two named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of investments) or, if no rating is
available in respect of the commercial paper, the issuer of which has an equivalent rating in respect of its long-term debt, and in any
case maturing within 24 months after the date of acquisition thereof;

(f)readily
marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States of America, any province of Canada
or any other foreign government or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof, in each case, having an investment grade rating
from either Moodys or S&P (or, if at the time, neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another
Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) with maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition;

(g)bills
of exchange issued in the United States or Canada eligible for rediscount at the relevant central bank and accepted by a bank (or any
dematerialized equivalent);

(h)Investments
with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated AAA (or the equivalent thereof)
or better by S&P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moodys;

(i)for
purposes of Section 7.05(f), the marketable securities portfolio owned by the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the Closing
Date;

(j)Investments,
classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets, in money market investment programs which are registered under the Investment Company
Act of 1940 or which are administered by financial institutions having capital of at least $100,000,000, and, in either case, the portfolios
of which are limited such that substantially all of such Investments are of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a) through
(h) of this definition;

(k)instruments
equivalent to those referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above and clause (j) above denominated in Euros or
any other currency comparable in credit quality and tenor to those referred to above and customarily used by corporations for cash management
purposes in any jurisdiction outside the United States to the extent reasonably required in connection with any business conducted by
any Restricted Subsidiary organized in such jurisdiction; and

(l)any
interest in any investment funds investing at least 90% of their assets in instruments of the type specified in clauses (a) through
(h) above and clauses (j) and (k) above.

Cash Management
Documentation means any contractual arrangements, subordination agreements and related documentation required by the Administrative
Agent and the Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to the Cash Management Provision.

7

Cash Management
Obligations means obligations owed by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender
in respect of any overdraft and related liabilities arising from treasury, depository and cash management services or any automated clearing
house transfers of funds.

Cash Management
Provision has the meaning set forth in Section 7.17.

Cash Pooling Agreement
means that certain Amended and Restated Cash Pooling Agreement, to be entered into in accordance with Section 6.18.

Casualty Event
means any event that gives rise to the receipt by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any insurance proceeds or condemnation
awards in respect of any equipment, fixed assets or real property (including any improvements thereon) to replace or repair such equipment,
fixed assets or real property.

Change of Control
shall be deemed to occur if:

(a)any
(1) Person (other than the Management Stockholders that in the aggregate own, beneficially or of record, no more than ten percent
(10%) of the outstanding voting stock of Holdings) or (2) Persons (other than the Management Stockholders that in the aggregate
own, beneficially or of record, no more than ten percent (10%) of the outstanding voting stock of Holdings) constituting a group
(within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the Closing Date), become(s) the beneficial
owner, directly or indirectly, of Equity Interests representing more than forty percent (40%) of the aggregate ordinary voting power
represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings;

(b)a
change of control (or similar event) shall occur in any document pertaining to any Junior Financing Documentation (including
the Junior Existing Credit Agreement and the 2029 Notes Indenture), or, in each case, any Permitted Refinancing thereof and such Indebtedness
is in an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; or

(c)Holdings
or one or more Intermediate Holding Companies ceases to own, in the aggregate, 100% of the Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower.

"Chewy Provision
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.17.

Class
(a) when used with respect to Commitments or Loans, refers to those of such Commitments or Loans that have the same terms and conditions
(without regard to differences in the Type of Loan, Interest Period, upfront fees, OID or similar fees paid or payable in connection
with such Commitments or Loan, or differences in tax treatment (e.g. fungibility)); provided that such Commitments
or Loans may be designated in writing by the Lead Borrower and Lenders holding such Commitments or Loans as a separate Class from
other Commitments or Loans that have the same terms and conditions and (b) with respect to Lenders, those of such Lenders that have
Commitments or Loans of a particular Class.

Closing Date
means the first date on which all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 4.01.

Closing Date Guarantors
means Holdings and each Subsidiary of Holdings (other than the Borrowers) party to this Agreement on the Closing Date.

Code
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations related thereto.

8

Collateral
means the Collateral as defined in the Security Agreement and all the Collateral or Pledged Assets
as defined in any other Collateral Document and any other assets pledged pursuant to any Collateral Document.

Collateral Agent
means DBNY, in its capacity as collateral agent or pledgee in its own name under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor collateral
agent.

Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement means, at any time, the requirement that:

(a)on
the Closing Date the Administrative Agent shall have received each Collateral Document to the extent required to be delivered on the
Closing Date pursuant to Section 4.01(b), subject to the limitations and exceptions of this Agreement, duly executed by each
Loan Party party thereto;

(b)the
Obligations shall have been secured by a first-priority security interest in (i) all the Equity Interests of the Borrowers, (ii) all
the Equity Interests of each Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrowers that is directly owned by a Loan Party and that is not an Excluded
Subsidiary, (iii) all the Equity Interests of Trinseo Italia s.r.l. pursuant to an Italian law-governed pledge agreement (the Italian
Pledge), (iv) all the Equity Interests of perfected pledge of 100% of the capital stock of Trinseo France S.A.S. pursuant
to a French law-governed share pledge agreement (the French Pledge) and (v) all the Equity Interests of Trinseo
Korea Ltd. pursuant to a Korean law-governed unit pledge agreement (the Korean Pledge);

(c)the
Obligations shall have been secured by a first-priority perfected security interest in, and Mortgages on, substantially all tangible
and intangible assets of the Lead Borrower, the Co-Borrower and each Guarantor (including intercompany debt, accounts, inventory, equipment,
investment property, contract rights, securities, patents, trademarks, other intellectual property, other general intangibles, cash,
bank and securities deposit accounts, Material Real Property and proceeds of the foregoing), in each case, subject to exceptions and
limitations otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the Superpriority Intercreditor Agreement and the Collateral Documents (to the extent
appropriate in the applicable jurisdiction);

(d)subject
to limitations and exceptions of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents, to the extent a security interest in and Mortgages on any
Material Real Property is required under Section 6.11, Section 6.14 or 6.18 (together with any Material
Real Property that is subject to a Mortgage on the Closing Date, each, a Mortgaged Property), the Administrative
Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of a Mortgage with respect to such Mortgaged Property duly executed and delivered by
the record owner of such property in form suitable for filing or recording in all filing or recording offices that the Administrative
Agent may reasonably deem necessary or desirable in order to create a valid and subsisting perfected Lien on the property and/or rights
described therein in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and evidence that all filing and recording
taxes, stamp duty and fees have been paid or otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it
being understood that if a mortgage tax or notary fee or registration fee or other similar tax will be owed or calculated on the entire
amount of the indebtedness evidenced hereby, then the amount secured by the Mortgage shall be limited to 100% of the fair market value
of the property at the time the Mortgage is entered into if such limitation results in such mortgage tax being calculated based upon
such fair market value), (ii) other than with respect to Mortgaged Properties located in Germany, Hong Kong (unless the Administrative
Agent determines, in its reasonable opinion, there to be a defect in such title), Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Singapore, Switzerland
and any other jurisdiction, as reasonably determined by the Collateral Agent, in which title insurance is not customary, fully paid policies
of title insurance (or marked-up title insurance commitments having the effect of policies of title insurance) on the Mortgaged Property
that is owned in fee by the applicable Loan Party (the Mortgage Policies) issued by a title insurance company reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent in form and substance and in an amount reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (not
to exceed 100% of the fair market value of the real properties covered thereby), insuring the Mortgages to be valid subsisting Liens
on the property described therein, free and clear of all Liens other than Liens permitted pursuant to Section 7.01 and other
Liens reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent each of which shall (A) to the extent reasonably necessary, include such
reinsurance arrangements (with provisions for direct access, if reasonably necessary) as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Collateral
Agent, (B) contain a tie-in or cluster endorsement, if available under applicable law (i.e.,
policies which insure against losses regardless of location or allocated value of the insured property up to a stated maximum coverage
amount) and (C) have been supplemented by such endorsements (or where such endorsements are not available, opinions of special counsel,
architects or other professionals reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent) as shall be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent
(which may include endorsements on matters relating to usury, first loss, last dollar, zoning, contiguity, revolving credit, doing business,
non-imputation public road access, variable rate, environmental lien, subdivision, mortgage recording tax, separate tax lot, and so-called
comprehensive coverage over covenants and restrictions, in each case only if available after the applicable Loan Party uses commercially
reasonable efforts), (iii) customary legal opinions (as determined with reference to any applicable jurisdiction), addressed to
the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to such matters as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably request, and (iv) a completed life of the loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood
Hazard Determination with respect to each U.S. Mortgaged Property and, to the extent required, duly executed and acknowledged by the
appropriate Loan Parties and evidence of flood insurance, in the event any improved parcel of U.S. Mortgaged Property is located in a
special flood hazard area, which evidence shall comply with the Flood Laws and be otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent; and

9

(e)after
the Closing Date, each Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrowers (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary or Excluded Subsidiary) shall become
a Guarantor and signatory to this Agreement pursuant to a Guarantor Joinder in accordance with Section 6.11 or 6.18
and a party to the respective Collateral Documents in accordance with Section 6.11 or 6.18; provided that notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions, any Subsidiary of the Borrowers that Guarantees any Junior Financing shall be a Guarantor hereunder for so
long as it Guarantees such Indebtedness.

Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this definition or anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary:

(i)The
foregoing definition shall not require and the Loan Documents shall not contain any requirements as to the creation or perfection of
pledges of, security interests in, Mortgages on, or the obtaining of title insurance, surveys, abstracts or appraisals or taking other
actions with respect to, any Excluded Assets (save to the extent subject to the Swedish Business Mortgage as a matter of Swedish law
or the Finnish Business Mortgage as a matter of Finnish law).

(ii)No
actions in any non-U.S. jurisdiction that is not a Qualified Jurisdiction or required by the Laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction that is
not a Qualified Jurisdiction shall be required in order to create any security interests in assets located or titled outside of the U.S.
or to perfect such security interests, including any intellectual property registered in any non-U.S. jurisdiction that is not a Qualified
Jurisdiction (it being understood that there shall be no security agreements or pledge agreements governed under the Laws of, and no
perfection actions required in respect of, any non-U.S. jurisdiction that is not a Qualified Jurisdiction), other than in respect of
the creation and perfection of the Italian Pledge, French Pledge and Korean Pledge.

10

(iii)No
actions shall be required with respect to Collateral requiring perfection through control agreements or perfection by control
(as defined in the UCC) (including deposit accounts or other bank accounts or securities accounts) or possession, other than in respect
of (x) (A) certificated Equity Interests required to be pledged pursuant to the provisions of clause (b) of this
definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and not otherwise constituting an Excluded Asset, (B) any business
mortgage certificate (Sw. fretagsinteckningsbrev) relating to the Swedish Business Mortgage and (C) any business mortgage
note (Fi. yrityskiinnityspanttivelkakirja) relating to the Finnish Business Mortgage, (y) Pledged Debt (as defined in the
Security Agreement) to the extent required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement and
(z) (i) perfection over deposit accounts, securities accounts and commodities accounts domiciled in the United States that
do not constitute (A) Excluded Accounts, (B) accounts maintained as zero balance accounts, or (C) any account (other than
any account maintained with Deutsche Bank AG or any of its affiliates) with an average thirty (30) day balance of less than $500,000
(collectively, the U.S. Pledged Accounts) and (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable local law, perfection
over bank accounts and securities accounts that do not constitute (A) Excluded Accounts, (B) accounts maintained as zero balance
accounts, or (C) any account (other than any account maintained with Deutsche Bank AG or any of its affiliates) with an average
thirty (30) day balance, in Dollars or the Dollar Equivalent, of less than $1,000,000 domiciled in a Qualified Jurisdiction (other than
the United States), provided, that the required action with respect to such accounts shall be as set forth in Section 6.11(d) (collectively,
the Non-U.S. Pledged Accounts);

(iv)The
Administrative Agent in its discretion may grant extensions of time for the creation or perfection of security interests in, and Mortgages
on, or obtaining of title insurance or taking other actions with respect to, particular assets (including extensions beyond the Closing
Date) or any other compliance with the requirements of this definition where it reasonably determines, in consultation with the Lead
Borrower, that the creation or perfection of security interests in, and Mortgages on, or obtaining of title insurance or taking other
actions, or any other compliance with the requirements of this definition cannot be accomplished without undue delay, burden or expense
by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required by this Agreement or the Collateral Documents;

(v)Liens
required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be subject to exceptions and limitations
set forth in this Agreement and the Collateral Documents;

(vi)Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions, all assets of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries that secure the Obligations under, and as
defined in, the Junior Existing Credit Agreement shall be required to be pledged as Collateral under the Collateral Documents;
and

(vii)The
business mortgage certificate (Sw. fretagsinteckningsbrev) to be issued pursuant to the Swedish Business Mortgage will be
in the amount set forth in the Swedish Business Mortgage.

Collateral Documents
means, collectively, the Security Agreement, each of the Mortgages, collateral assignments, security agreements, pledge agreements, Intellectual
Property Security Agreements, deeds of hypothecs, bonds, bond pledge agreements or other similar agreements delivered to the Administrative
Agent pursuant to Sections 4.01, 6.11 or 6.14, and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents that
creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent (as relevant) in connection with
the Obligations set forth hereunder, in each case for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

11

Commitment
means a Revolving Credit Commitment.

Committed Loan
Notice means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Loans denominated in Dollars from one Type to the
other, or (c) a continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which, if in writing, shall be substantially
in the form of Exhibit A.

Compensation Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(c)(ii).

Compliance Certificate
means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D.

Conforming Changes
means, in the case of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars, with respect to the use or administration of Term SOFR, any technical,
administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business
Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period,
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters) that the Administrative Agent
decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of Term SOFR and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative
Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration
of Term SOFR exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection
with the administration of this Agreement).

Consolidated EBITDA
means, for any period,

Consolidated Net Income for
such period,

plus

(a)without
duplication, the following amounts (in each case, except with respect to clauses (vii) and (x) below, to the extent deducted
(and not added back) in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income for such period) for such period with respect to Topco and its Subsidiaries:

(i)total
interest expense determined in accordance with GAAP and, to the extent not reflected in such total interest expense, any losses on hedging
obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, net of interest income and gains
on such hedging obligations, and costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities (whether amortized or immediately expensed),

(ii)provision
for taxes based on income, profits or capital gains of Topco and its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, federal, state, local,
provincial, franchise and similar taxes and foreign withholding taxes paid or accrued during such period including penalties and interest
related to such taxes or arising from any tax examinations,

(iii)depreciation
and amortization,

(iv)earn-out
and contingent consideration obligations (including to the extent accounted for as bonuses, compensation or otherwise) and adjustments
thereof and purchase price adjustments, in each case in connection with acquisitions,

12

(v)the
amount of any minority interest expense consisting of Subsidiary income attributable to minority interests of third parties in any non-wholly
owned Subsidiary,

(vi)any
costs or expenses incurred pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan
or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, to the extent that such costs or expenses are funded with cash proceeds
contributed to the capital of Topco or net cash proceeds of an issuance of Equity Interests of Topco (other than Disqualified Equity
Interests),

(vii)cash
receipts (or any netting arrangements resulting in reduced cash expenditures) not representing Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Net
Income in any period to the extent non-cash gains relating to such income were deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA pursuant
to clause (b) below for any previous period and not added back,

(viii)non-cash
expenses, charges and losses (including impairment charges or asset write-offs, losses from investments recorded using the equity method,
stock-based awards compensation expense), in each case other than (A) any non-cash charge representing amortization of a prepaid
cash item that was paid and not expensed in a prior period and (B) any non-cash charge relating to write-offs, write-downs or reserves
with respect to accounts receivable in the normal course or inventory; provided that if any non-cash charges referred to in this
clause (viii) represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period, (1) the Lead Borrower may
elect not to add back such non-cash charge in the current period and (2) to the extent the Lead Borrower elects to add back such
non-cash charge, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated EBITDA in such future
period to such extent paid,

(ix)any
net loss from disposed, abandoned or discontinued operations (excluding held-for-sale discontinued operations until actually disposed
of),

(x)the
amount of cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and synergies projected by the Lead Borrower in good
faith to be realized in connection with any Specified Transaction (or any other business combination, acquisition (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, acquisitions occurring prior to the Closing Date) or Disposition), any restructuring, any cost savings initiative,
and any other similar initiative and action (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions,
other operating improvements and synergies had been realized on the first day of such period and as if such cost savings, operating expense
reductions, other operating improvements and synergies were realized during the entirety of such period), net of the amount of actual
benefits realized during such period from such actions; provided that (A) such cost savings, operating expense reductions,
other operating improvements and synergies are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable, in the good faith judgment of the Lead
Borrower, and expected to result from actions that have been taken or with respect to which substantial steps are expected to be taken
within 18 months after the applicable Specified Transaction, business combination, acquisition or Disposition is consummated or the applicable
restructuring, cost savings initiative, or other similar initiative or action and (B) no cost savings, operating expense reductions
and synergies shall be added pursuant to this clause (x) to the extent (1) duplicative of any expenses or charges otherwise
added to Consolidated EBITDA, whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, for such period or (2) constituting revenue
synergies,

13

(xi)solely
for the purpose of compliance with the Financial Covenants set forth in Section 7.11 on the last day of any fiscal quarter and for
no other purpose (including compliance with such covenant for the purposes of any incurrence test under this Agreement or the permissibility
of any action under this Agreement), the amount of cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and synergies
projected by the Lead Borrower in good faith to be realized in connection with the Arkema Acquisition and disclosed to the Revolving
Credit Lenders in the lender presentation disclosed publicly in a Form 8-K filing dated March 10, 2021 (calculated on a Pro
Forma Basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and synergies had been realized on
the first day of such period and as if such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and synergies were
realized during the entirety of such period), net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions; provided
that no cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies shall be added pursuant to this clause (xi) to the extent (A) duplicative
of any expenses or charges otherwise added to Consolidated EBITDA, whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, for such period
or (B) constituting revenue synergies,

(xii)proceeds
of business interruption insurance,

minus

(b)without
duplication and to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, (i) non-cash gains (excluding any non-cash gain
to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for a potential cash item that reduced Consolidated EBITDA in any prior
period), (ii) any net gain from disposed, abandoned or discontinued operations and (iii) the amount of any minority interest
income consisting of Subsidiary losses attributable to minority interests of third parties in any non-wholly owned Subsidiary; provided
that, for the avoidance of doubt, any gain representing the reversal of any non-cash charge referred to in clause (a)(viii)(B) above
for a prior period shall be added (together with, without duplication, any amounts received in respect thereof to the extent not increasing
Consolidated Net Income) to Consolidated EBITDA in any subsequent period to such extent so reversed (or received);

provided that:

(i)to
the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, there shall be excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA currency translation gains
and losses related to currency remeasurements of Indebtedness (including the net loss or gain (i) resulting from Swap Contracts
for currency exchange risk and (ii) resulting from intercompany indebtedness),

(ii)to
the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, there shall be excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period any adjustments
resulting from the application of Statement of FASB Codification 815 and International Accounting Standard No. 39 and their respective
related pronouncements and interpretations, and

(iii)there
shall be excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period the effects of Net Raw Material Timing.

Notwithstanding anything
else in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA or the definitions used therein, the realized gain or loss of any currency derivatives
that are entered into for the express purpose of reducing the variability of Topcos non-Dollar denominated Consolidated EBITDA
will be included in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA.

14

Consolidated Net
Income means, for any period, the net income (loss) of Topco and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated
basis in accordance with GAAP, provided, however, that, without duplication,

(a)(i) any
after-tax effect of non-recurring, unusual or extraordinary items (including gains or losses and all fees and expenses relating thereto)
for such period shall be excluded and (ii) duplicative running costs, severance, relocation costs or expenses, Transaction Expenses,
integration costs, transition costs, pre-opening, opening, consolidation and closing costs for facilities, costs incurred in connection
with any non-recurring strategic initiatives, costs incurred in connection with acquisitions and non-recurring product and intellectual
property development, other business optimization expenses (including costs and expenses relating to business optimization programs and
new systems design and implementation costs), project start-up costs and restructuring charges or reserves (including restructuring costs
related to acquisitions and to closure/consolidation of facilities, retention charges, systems establishment costs and excess pension
charges) and related expenses for such period shall, in each case, be excluded,

(b)the
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles during such period to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income shall be
excluded,

(c)any
fees and expenses incurred during such period (including, without limitation, any premiums, make-whole or penalty payments), or any amortization
thereof for such period, in connection with any acquisition, investment, asset disposition, issuance or repayment of debt, issuance of
equity securities, refinancing transaction or amendment or other modification of any debt instrument (in each case, including any such
transaction consummated on or prior to the Closing Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed) and any charges or non-recurring
merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such transaction, in each case for any such fee, expense, charge or cost
whether or not successful (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the effects of expensing all transaction-related expenses in accordance
with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 805 and gains or losses associated with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 460) shall
be excluded,

(d)accruals
and reserves that are established or adjusted within eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date that are so required to be established
as a result of the Transactions (or within eighteen (18) months after the closing of any acquisition that are so required to be established
as a result of such acquisition) in accordance with GAAP shall be excluded,

(e)any
net after-tax gains or losses on abandoned, disposed of or discontinued operations shall be excluded,

(f)any
net after-tax effect of gains or losses (less all fees, expenses and charges relating thereto) attributable to asset dispositions or
abandonments or the sale or other disposition of any Equity Interests of any Person in each case other than in the ordinary course of
business, as determined in good faith by the Lead Borrower, shall be excluded,

(g)the
net income (loss) for such period of any Person that is not a Subsidiary of Topco, or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting,
shall be excluded; provided that Consolidated Net Income of Topco shall be increased by the amount of dividends or distributions
or other payments that are actually paid in cash or Cash Equivalents (or to the extent subsequently converted into cash or Cash Equivalents)
to Topco or a Subsidiary thereof in respect of such period or a prior period,

(h)any
impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down, including impairment charges or asset write-offs or write-downs related to intangible
assets, long-lived assets, investments in debt and equity securities or as a result of a change in law or regulation, in each case, pursuant
to GAAP, and the amortization of intangibles arising pursuant to GAAP shall be excluded,

15

(i)any
non-cash compensation charge or expense, including any such charge or expense arising from the grants of stock appreciation or similar
rights, stock options, restricted stock or other rights or equity incentive programs or any other equity-based compensation shall be
excluded,

(j)any
expenses, charges or losses that are covered by indemnification or other reimbursement provisions in connection with any Investment,
Permitted Acquisition or any sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement, to the extent
actually reimbursed or with respect to which the Lead Borrower has made a determination that a reasonable basis exists for indemnification
or reimbursement (but only to the extent that such amount is in fact indemnified or reimbursed within 365 days of such determination)
shall be excluded (with a deduction in the applicable future period of any amount so excluded to the extent not so indemnified or reimbursed
within such 365 days),

(k)to
the extent covered by insurance and actually reimbursed or with respect to which the Lead Borrower has made a determination that there
exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer (but only to the extent that such amount is in
fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such determination), expenses, charges or losses with respect to liability or casualty
events or business interruption shall be excluded (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any amount so excluded to the
extent not so reimbursed within such 365 days),

(l)any
net pension or other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including
amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at
the date of initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 712 and 715, Statement on Financial Accounting Standards Nos.
87, 106 and 112, and any other items of a similar nature, shall be excluded,

(m)the
income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary of Topco or is merged into, amalgamated or consolidated
with Topco or any of its Subsidiaries or that Persons assets are acquired by Topco or any of its Subsidiaries shall be excluded
(except to the extent required for any calculation of Consolidated EBITDA on a Pro Forma Basis in accordance with Section 1.10),

(n)any
non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement of the mark-to-market valuation of obligations under Swap Contracts or other derivative
instruments pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 shall be excluded,

(o)any
net after-tax effect of income (or loss) from the early extinguishment, write-off, forgiveness or cancellation of indebtedness or Swap
Contracts or other derivative instruments, and all deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid or other expenses incurred
directly in connection therewith, shall be excluded, and

(p)[reserved].

There shall be excluded from
Consolidated Net Income for any period the acquisition accounting effects of adjustments in component amounts required or permitted by
GAAP (including in the inventory, property and equipment, fair value of leased property, software, goodwill, intangible assets, in-process
research and development, deferred revenue, deferred rent, contingent considerations and debt line items thereof) and related authoritative
pronouncements, as a result of the Transactions, any acquisition consummated prior to or after the Closing Date, any Permitted Acquisitions
or other Investments, or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof.

16

Consolidated Superpriority
Lien Net Debt means, as of any date of determination, (a) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of the Lead
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries outstanding on such date, in an amount that would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as
of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (but excluding the effects of any discounting of Indebtedness resulting
from the application of acquisition accounting in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or any other acquisition constituting an
Investment permitted under this Agreement), consisting of Indebtedness for borrowed money, Attributable Indebtedness, purchase money
debt, debt obligations evidenced by promissory notes or similar instruments and all Guarantees of the foregoing (with Indebtedness in
respect of any revolving credit facility being calculated based on the daily average outstanding amount of revolving credit loans during
the four-quarter fiscal period of the Lead Borrower most recently ended as of such date), in each case, which is secured by a Lien on
the assets of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than (x) any such Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary
that is not the Co-Borrower or a Guarantor and is not secured by any assets of any Loan Party and (y) any such Indebtedness in which
the applicable Liens are expressly subordinated or junior to the Liens securing the Obligations) minus (b) the aggregate
amount of cash and Cash Equivalents (other than Restricted Cash) that would be reflected on a balance sheet of Topco and its Subsidiaries
as of such date; provided that Consolidated Superpriority Lien Net Debt shall not include Indebtedness in respect of (i) letters
of credit, except to the extent of unreimbursed amounts thereunder (provided that any unreimbursed amount under commercial letters
of credit shall not be included as Consolidated Superpriority Lien Net Debt until three (3) Business Days after such amount is drawn),
(ii) Unrestricted Subsidiaries and (iii) any Permitted Securitizations; it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that
obligations under Swap Contracts do not constitute Consolidated Superpriority Lien Net Debt.

Contractual Obligation
means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to
which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person,
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled
have meanings correlative thereto.

Covered Entity
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.23.

Covered Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.23(a).

Credit Extension
means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension.

Cure Amount
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04.

Cure Expiration
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04.

DBNY
means Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, in its individual capacity, and any successor thereto by merger, consolidation or otherwise.

Debtor Relief Laws
means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of
creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, examinership, insolvency, winding up, reorganization or similar debtor relief Laws
of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.

17

Default
means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both,
would be an Event of Default.

Default Rate
means an interest rate equal to (a) the Base Rate plus (b) the Applicable Margin, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans
plus (c) 2.00% per annum; provided that, with respect to a Benchmark Rate Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest
rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Margin) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2.00% per annum, in each
case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.

Default Right
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.23.

Defaulting Lender
means, subject to Section 2.19(b), any Lender that, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent (a) has refused
(which refusal may be given verbally or in writing and has not been retracted) or failed to perform any of its funding obligations hereunder,
including in respect of its Loans or participations in respect of L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans, which refusal or failure is not
cured within one Business Day after the date of such refusal or failure, unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the
Lead Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that one or more conditions
precedent to funding has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Lead Borrower or Administrative Agent that it does not intend
to comply with its funding obligations or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations hereunder
or under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by the
Administrative Agent, to confirm in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that it will comply with its funding obligations
(provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written
confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has,
after the date of this Agreement, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had a receiver,
conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation
of its business or a custodian appointed for it, (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action or (iv) taken any action in furtherance
of, or indicated its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment; provided that a Lender shall
not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect
parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with
immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its
assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements
made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through
(d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject
to Section 2.19(b)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Lead Borrower, the L/C Issuer, the Swing
Line Lender and each Lender.

Designated Real
Property means any real property owned or leased by any Loan Party as of the Closing Date that is located in the Federal Republic
of Germany or Switzerland.

Disposition
or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction
and any sale or issuance of Equity Interests in a Restricted Subsidiary) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment,
transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith;
provided that the issuance of Equity Interests by Holdings shall not constitute a Disposition by Holdings.

18

Disqualified Equity
Interests means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which
it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily
redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests or solely at the direction of the issuer), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation
or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale, so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence
of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that
are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than
solely for Qualified Equity Interests), in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is
or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity
Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date; provided that if such Equity
Interests are issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit of employees of the Lead Borrower (or any Parent) or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because it may
be required to be repurchased by the Lead Borrower or if its Restricted Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory
obligations or as a result of such employees termination, death or disability.

Disqualified Institution
means those Persons (the list of all such Persons, the Disqualified Institutions List) that are (i) identified
in writing by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent prior to the date hereof, (ii) competitors of the Lead Borrower and
its Subsidiaries (other than bona fide fixed income investors or debt funds) that are identified in writing by the Lead Borrower from
time to time or (iii) Affiliates of such Persons set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above (in the case of Affiliates
of such Persons set forth in clause (ii) above, other than bona fide fixed income investors or debt funds) that are either
(a) identified in writing by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent from time to time or (b) clearly identifiable on
the basis of such Affiliates name; provided, that, to the extent Persons are identified as Disqualified Institutions in
writing by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent after the Closing Date pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii)(a), the inclusion
of such Persons as Disqualified Institutions shall not retroactively apply to prior assignments or participations in respect of any Loan
under this Agreement. Until the disclosure of the identity of a Disqualified Institution to the Lenders generally by the Administrative
Agent in writing, such Person shall not constitute a Disqualified Institution for purposes of a sale of a participation in a Loan (as
opposed to an assignment of a Loan) by a Lender; provided, that no disclosure of the Disqualified Institutions List (or the identity
of any Person that constitutes a Disqualified Institution), in part or in full, to the Lenders shall be made by the Administrative Agent
without the prior written consent of the Lead Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lead Borrower, by written notice to the Administrative
Agent, may from time to time in its sole discretion remove any entity from the Disqualified Institutions List (or otherwise modify such
list to exclude any particular entity), and such entity removed or excluded from the Disqualified Institutions List shall no longer be
a Disqualified Institution for any purpose under this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

Disqualified Institutions
List has the meaning as set forth in the definition of Disqualified Institutions.

Dollar
and $ mean lawful money of the United States.

Dollar Amount
means, at any time:

(a)with
respect to any Loan denominated in Dollars (including, with respect to any Swing Line Loan, any funded participation therein), the principal
amount thereof then outstanding (or in which such participation is held);

(b)with
respect to any Loan denominated in Euros, the Dollar Equivalent of the principal amount thereof then outstanding in Euros; and

19

(c)with
respect to any L/C Obligation (or any risk participation therein), (A) if denominated in Dollars, the amount thereof and (B) if
denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Dollar Equivalent of the amount thereof.

Dollar Equivalent
means, on any date of determination, with respect to any amount in a currency other than Dollars, the equivalent in Dollars of such amount,
determined by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.12 using the Exchange Rate with respect to such currency at
the time in effect in accordance with the provisions of Section 1.12.

Domestic Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary that is organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

Double-Dip Provision
has the meaning set forth in the last paragraph of Article VII.

Early Maturing
Debt means (a) indebtedness under the Existing A/R Securitization Facility and (b) any refinancing indebtedness
in respect thereof (and successive refinancing indebtedness in respect of the foregoing) that matures or requires scheduled amortization
or other repayments of principal prior to May 3, 2028.

EEA Financial Institution
means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of
an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in
clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary
of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority
means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Eligible Assignee
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(a). For the avoidance of doubt, Eligible Assignee shall not include
any Disqualified Institution identified by the Lead Borrower prior to the effective date of any assignment under Section 10.07.

EMU Legislation
means the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or operation of a single or unified European
currency.

Environment
means indoor air, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, land surface, subsurface strata, and natural resources such
as wetlands, flora and fauna.

Environmental Laws
means any applicable Law, including common law, relating to the prevention of pollution or the protection of the environment and natural
resources, or to the protection of human health and safety as it relates to the environment.

Environmental Liability
means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of investigation and remediation, fines, penalties
or indemnities) directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law or any Environmental
Permit, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure
to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the Environment or (e) any
contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

20

Environmental Permit
means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required by any Environmental Law.

Envision Provision
has the meaning set forth in the last paragraph of Article VII.

Equity Interests
means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares, interests, rights, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of
capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests or units in) such Person and all of the warrants, options or other rights for
the purchase, acquisition or exchange from such Person of any of the foregoing (including through convertible securities).

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings
issued thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate
means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is under common control with a Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary
within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA.

ERISA Event
means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by a Loan Party, any Restricted Subsidiary
or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer
(as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of
ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by a Loan Party, any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer
Plan, the insolvency under Title IV of ERISA of any Multiemployer Plan, or the receipt of any Loan Party, Restricted Subsidiary or any
ERISA Affiliate, of any notice that a Multiemployer Plan is in endangered or critical status under Section 305 of ERISA; (d) the
filing of a notice of intent to terminate any Pension Plan, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Sections
4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) an
event or condition which would reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of,
or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) the failure to make a required contribution
to any Pension Plan that would result in the imposition of a lien or other encumbrance on a Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary or the
provision of security under Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 or 4068 of ERISA by a Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary,
or the arising of such a lien or encumbrance, there being or arising any unpaid minimum required contribution or accumulated
funding deficiency (as defined or otherwise set forth in Section 4971 of the Code or Part 3 of Subtitle B of Title I
of ERISA), whether or not waived, the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code, whether or not
waived, or a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is reasonably expected to be, in at-risk status under Title IV of ERISA; (g) the
occurrence of a nonexempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) with
respect to a Pension Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in liability to a Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary; or
(h) the incurring of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007
of ERISA, by a Loan Party, any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate.

EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as
in effect from time to time.

EURIBOR Rate
means, for each Interest Period, the offered rate per annum that appears on the appropriate page of the Reuters screen that displays
the Global Rate Set Systems Limited rate for deposits in Euros (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent
to such Interest Period (or the successor thereto appointed by the European Money Markets Institute, if Global Rate Set Systems Limited
is no longer making the applicable interest settlement rate available) for deposits of Euros of 11:00 A.M. (Brussels, Belgium time)
on the day that is two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (the EURIBOR Screen Rate);
provided that, if the EURIBOR Screen Rate is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. If no such offered rate exists,
such rate will be the rate of interest per annum, as determined by the Administrative Agent, at which deposits of Euros in immediately
available funds are offered at 11:00 A.M. (Brussels, Belgium time) two (2) Business Days prior to the applicable Interest Period
to first-class banks in the European interbank market for such Interest Period for the applicable principal amount on such date of determination.

21

EURIBOR Rate Loan
means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the EURIBOR Rate.

Euros
and EUR mean the lawful currency of the Participating Member States introduced in accordance with the EMU Legislation.

Event of Default
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exchange Offer
means the offer launched on December 16, 2024, by the Borrowers to all holders of the 2029 Notes for new second lien notes issued
under the Super HoldCo Second Lien Notes Indenture.

Exchange Rate
shall mean on any day, for purposes of determining the Dollar Equivalent of any other currency, the rate at which such other currency
may be exchanged into Dollars as set forth at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such day on the Reuters ECB page 37 for
such currency. In the event that such rate does not appear on the Reuters ECB page 37, the Exchange Rate shall be determined by
reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and
the Lead Borrower, or, in the absence of such an agreement, such Exchange Rate shall instead be the arithmetic average of the spot rates
of exchange of the Administrative Agent in the market where its foreign currency exchange operations in respect of such currency are
then being conducted, at or about 10:00 a.m. in such market on such date for the purchase of Dollars for delivery two (2) Business
Days later; provided that if at the time of any such determination, for any reason, no such spot rate is being quoted, the Administrative
Agent may use any reasonable method it deems appropriate to determine such rate, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest
error.

Excluded Accounts
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Excluded Assets.

22

Excluded Assets
means (i) any fee owned Real Property (other than Material Real Properties) and any leasehold interest (it being understood there
shall be no requirement to obtain any landlord waivers, estoppels or collateral access letters), (ii) motor vehicles, aircraft and
other assets subject to certificates of title, except to the extent a security interest therein can be perfected by the filing of a UCC
financing statement (or the equivalent thereof), (iii) commercial tort claims below $10,000,000, (iv) governmental licenses
or state or local franchises, charters and authorizations and any other property and assets to the extent that the Administrative Agent
may not validly possess a security interest therein under applicable laws (including, without limitation, rules and regulations
of any governmental authority or agency) or the pledge or creation of a security interest in which would require governmental consent,
approval, license or authorization, other than (A) to the extent such limitation is rendered ineffective under the UCC or other
applicable law notwithstanding such limitation and (B) proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed
effective under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding such limitation, (v) any particular asset or right under contract,
if the pledge thereof or the security interest therein is prohibited or restricted by applicable law, rule or regulation (including
any requirement thereunder to obtain the consent of any governmental or regulatory authority), or third party (i.e., other than the Holdcos,
the Borrowers or any of their respective Subsidiaries for so long as they remain Affiliates), so long as any agreement with such third
party that provides for such prohibition or restriction was not entered into in contemplation of the acquisition of such assets or entering
into of such contract or for the purpose of creating such prohibition or restriction, other than (A) to the extent such prohibition
or restriction is rendered ineffective under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition or restriction and (B) proceeds
and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding
such prohibition or restriction, (vi) (A) margin stock, (B) Equity Interests in any Unrestricted Subsidiaries and (C) Equity
Interests in any non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiaries and any entities which do not constitute Subsidiaries, but only to the extent
that (x) the organizational documents or other agreements with other equity holders of such non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary
or other entity do not permit or restrict the pledge of such Equity Interests (to the extent such restriction exists on the Closing Date
or on the date of acquisition of such non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary or the Equity Interests in such entity so long as such restriction
was not entered into in contemplation of the acquisition of such Equity Interests), or (y) the pledge of such Equity Interests (including
any exercise of remedies) would result in a change of control, repurchase obligation or other adverse consequence to any of the Loan
Parties or such non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary or other entity, (vii) any lease, license or agreement or any property subject
to a purchase money security interest, capital lease obligations or similar arrangement, in each case, to the extent the grant of a security
interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or purchase money or similar arrangement or create a right
of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Holdcos, the Borrowers or any Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower), other
than (A) to the extent such provision is rendered ineffective under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding such provision
and (B) proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the UCC or other applicable
law notwithstanding such provisions, (viii) any property or assets for which the creation or perfection of pledges of, or security
interests in such property or assets pursuant to the Loan Documents would result in material adverse tax consequences to the Holdcos,
the Lead Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries, as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower in consultation with the Administrative
Agent, (ix) letter of credit rights, except to the extent constituting supporting obligations for other Collateral as to which perfection
of the security interest in such other Collateral is accomplished solely by the filing of a UCC financing statement (it being understood
that no actions shall be required to perfect a security interest in letter of credit rights, other than the filing of a UCC financing
statement), (x) (A) payroll and other employee wage and benefit accounts, (B) tax accounts, including, without limitation,
sales tax accounts, (C) escrow accounts and (D) fiduciary or trust accounts and, in the case of clauses (A) through
(D), the funds or other property held in or maintained in any such account (as long as the accounts described in clauses (A) through
(D) are used solely for such purposes) (such accounts in the foregoing clauses (A) through (D), the Excluded Accounts),
(xi) any intent-to-use trademark application prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege
Use with respect thereto, to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which the grant of a security
interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark application under applicable federal law,
(xii) assets in circumstances where the cost, consequences or burden of obtaining a security interest in such assets, including,
without limitation, the cost of title insurance, surveys or flood insurance (if necessary) would outweigh the practical benefit to the
Lenders afforded thereby as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent, (xiii) any particular assets
if it would result in a significant risk, as determined by the Lead Borrower in its sole discretion, to the officers of the relevant
grantor of Collateral of contravention with their fiduciary duties and/or of civil or criminal liability (unless there is customary limitation
language agreed between the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent), (xiv) the Existing Securitization Assets, any bank account
of a Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary into which only Existing Securitization Assets are collected or any bank account of the
Securitization Subsidiary, in each case over which a Lien may be granted in connection with a Permitted Securitization and for only so
long as such bank accounts do not receive or hold funds of a Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary and (xv) the Aristech and Altuglas
IP and the Aristech and Altuglas License Agreements.

23

Excluded Subsidiary
means (a) any Subsidiary that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower or a Guarantor, (b) any Subsidiary that
is (and for so long as such Subsidiary is) prohibited by applicable Law (including without limitation as a result of applicable financial
assistance, directors duties or corporate benefit requirements (to the extent that such limitations cannot be addressed through
whitewash or similar procedures or customary limitation language)) or Contractual Obligations existing on the Closing Date
(or, in the case of any newly acquired Subsidiary, in existence at the time of acquisition but not entered into in contemplation thereof)
from guaranteeing the Obligations or if guaranteeing the Obligation would (and for so long as it would) require governmental (including
regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization (unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained),
(c) any Subsidiary where the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower agree that the cost of obtaining a Guarantee by such Subsidiary
would be excessive in light of the practical benefit to the Lenders afforded thereby, (d) each Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that
is not organized in a Qualified Jurisdiction, (e) any not-for-profit Subsidiaries, (f) any Unrestricted Subsidiaries, (g) any
special purpose securitization vehicle (or similar entity), including any Securitization Subsidiary, (h) any Subsidiary, the obtaining
of a Guarantee with respect to which would result in material adverse tax consequences as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower
in consultation with the Administrative Agent and (i) any Captive Insurance Subsidiary; provided that no Subsidiary may be an Excluded
Subsidiary hereunder if such Subsidiary is not also an Excluded Subsidiary under any Junior Financing.

Excluded Swap Obligation
means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Guarantor
of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, as applicable, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is
or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or
the application or official interpretation of any thereof) (a) by virtue of such Guarantors failure to constitute an eligible
contract participant, as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder, at the time the guarantee of (or
grant of such security interest by, as applicable) such Guarantor becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation
or (b) in the case of a Swap Obligation that is subject to a clearing requirement pursuant to section 2(h) of the Commodity
Exchange Act, because such Guarantor is a financial entity, as defined in section 2(h)(7)(C) of the Commodity Exchange
Act, at the time the guarantee of (or grant of such security interest by, as applicable) such Guarantor becomes or would become effective
with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one Swap, such exclusion
shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swaps for which such guarantee or security interest is
or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or
the application or official interpretation of any thereof).

Excluded Taxes
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a).

Existing A/R Securitization
Facility means that certain Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2024, by and among Trinseo Ireland Global
IHB Limited, Styron Receivables Funding Designated Activity Company, KKR Credit Advisors (US) LLC as the structuring advisor, GLAS USA
LLC, as the administrative agent, GLAS Americas LLC, as the collateral agent and the lenders party thereto (as in effect on the Closing
Date or as otherwise amended from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof) or any Permitted Refinancings thereof; provided
that the sum of the Existing A/R Securitization Facility shall not exceed, at any time, $250,000,000.

Existing Cash Management
Practices means the ordinary course cash management practices of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as in effect prior
to the Closing Date, including with respect to the ordinary course cash management practices related to the funding, sweeping or transferring
of cash in accordance with the Cash Pooling Agreement; provided that any transfers or intercompany obligations between any Loan
Party and any non-Loan Party (including any Unrestricted Subsidiary) pursuant to such practices must be subordinated to the Obligations
pursuant to a Subordination Agreement and related documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;
provided further, that any capital contributions in order to satisfy minimum capitalization or solvency requirements under local
law shall constitute Existing Cash Management Practices so long as (a) such contribution is made for legitimate business
purposes and not made for the purposes of adversely affecting the credit position of the Revolving Credit Lenders, (b) availability
under the General Investments Basket is $0 prior to the making of any such capital contribution and (c) the making of such contribution
is subject to pro forma compliance with the Financial Covenants (regardless of whether any such covenant is in effect).

24

Existing Letters
of Credit means any letters of credit outstanding on the Closing Date described in Schedule 1.01B.

Existing Revolver
Tranche has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a).

Existing Secured
Hedge Agreements means any Secured Hedge Agreement in effect on the Closing Date described in Schedule 1.01F(a).

Existing Securitization
Assets means the accounts receivable owed to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (whether now existing or arising
or acquired in the future) subject to the Existing A/R Securitization Facility, all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all
contracts and contract rights and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable, all proceeds of such accounts
receivable and other assets (including contract rights and credit insurance policies) included as Collateral as such term
is defined in the Existing A/R Securitization Facility.

Existing Securitization
Subsidiary means a Person to which the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary sells, conveys, transfers or grants a security
interest in Existing Securitization Assets, which Person (including any financing conduit) is formed for the limited purpose of effecting
a Permitted Securitization.

Existing Treasury
Services Agreements means any Treasury Services Agreement in effect on the Closing Date described in Schedule 1.01F(b).

Extended Revolving
Credit Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a).

Extending Revolving
Credit Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a)(ii).

Extension
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a).

Extension Amendment
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(d).

Extension Election
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(e).

Extension Offer
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a).

Facility
means a Class of Revolving Credit Commitments.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Credit Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof,
and any agreement pursuant to the implementation of the above with the United States Internal Revenue Service, the United States government
or any governmental or taxation authority in the United States, including the Agreement between the Government of the United States of
America and the Government of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to Improve International Tax Compliance and with respect to The United States
information reporting provisions commonly known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, and any rules, regulations or guidance enacted
thereunder or official interpretations thereof.

fair market value
means (a) except as otherwise provided in clause (b) below, with respect to any asset or liability, the fair market value of
such asset or liability as determined by the Lead Borrower in good faith and (b) with respect to Existing Securitization Assets,
the current value that would be attributed to such Existing Securitization Assets by an independent and unaffiliated third party purchasing
the Securitization Assets in an arms-length sale transaction, as determined in good faith by the board of managers (conseil de grance)
of the Lead Borrower.

25

Federal Funds Rate
means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members
of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank on the Business
Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall
be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, (b) if
no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded
upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to DBNY on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative
Agent and (c) if such rate per annum as otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions above is less than zero, then the
Federal Funds Rate shall be deemed to be zero.

Financial Covenants
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.11.

Financial Springing
Covenant has the meaning set forth in Section 7.11.

Finnish Business
Mortgage means the Finnish law business mortgage (Fi. yrityskiinnitys) to be provided by Trinseo Suomi Oy (registration
number 2206256-0) under a Collateral Document governed by Finnish law.

Finnish Collateral
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.16.

Finnish Companies
Act has the meaning set forth in Section 11.16.

Finnish Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.16.

FIRREA
means the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as amended.

Flood Laws
means collectively, (i) National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively revised the National Flood Insurance
Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973) as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the
Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (iii) the Biggert-Waters Flood
Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto.

Floor
means a rate of interest equal to 0.00%.

Foreign Pension
Plan means any occupational pension plan, fund (including, without limitation, any superannuation fund) or other similar program
established, contributed to or maintained outside the United States on a voluntary basis by any Loan Party (other than a Luxembourg Loan
Party) or any Restricted Subsidiary, as a single employer or as part of a group of employers, primarily for the benefit of employees
of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary residing outside the United States, which plan, fund or other similar program provides,
retirement income, and which plan is not subject to ERISA or the Code.

Foreign Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.

FRB
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

French Pledge
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

26

Fronting Exposure
means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to the L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share
or other applicable share provided under this Agreement of the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to
which such Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance
with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share or other applicable
share provided under this Agreement of Swing Line Loans other than Swing Line Loans as to which such Defaulting Lenders participation
obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof.

Fund
means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans
and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course.

Funded Debt
means all Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for borrowed money that matures more than one year from the
date of its creation or matures within one year from such date that is renewable or extendable, at the option of such Person, to a date
more than one year from such date or arises under a revolving credit or similar agreement that obligates the lender or lenders to extend
credit during a period of more than one year from such date, including Indebtedness in respect of the Loans.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time; provided, however,
that if the Lead Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Lead Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate
the effect of any change occurring after the Closing Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or
if the Administrative Agent notifies the Lead Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such
purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such
provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective
until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.

General Investments
Basket has the meaning assigned to such term in clause (u) of the Permitted Investments definition.

Global Intercompany
Note means a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit G.

Governmental Authority
means any nation or government, the European Union, any state, provincial or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority,
instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government.

Granting Lender
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(j).

Guarantee
means, as to any Person, without duplication, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having
the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary
obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to
purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (ii) to
purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary
obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity
capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable
the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any
other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect
such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness
or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation is assumed by such Person
(or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation to obtain any such Lien); provided
that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case in the ordinary course
of business or consistent with past practice, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered
into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect
to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related
primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably
anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as
a verb has a corresponding meaning.

27

Guaranteed Obligations
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01.

Guarantor Joinder
means a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto.

Guarantors
means each Closing Date Guarantor, those Subsidiaries of Holdings that have issued a Guarantee after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.18
and those Subsidiaries that have issued a Guarantee of the Obligations after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.11.

Guaranty
means, collectively, the guaranty of the Obligations by the Guarantors pursuant to this Agreement.

Hazardous Materials
means all materials, pollutants, contaminants, chemicals, wastes or any other substances, including petroleum or petroleum distillates,
asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, toxic mold, electromagnetic radio frequency or microwave
emissions, that are listed, classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic, or any similar term, pursuant to any Environmental Law.

Hedge Bank
means any Person that is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender either on the Closing Date (with respect to any Existing Hedge Agreement
or Existing Treasury Services Agreement only) or at the time it enters into a Secured Hedge Agreement or a Treasury Services Agreement,
as applicable, in its capacity as a party thereto.

Holdco
means Holdings and any Intermediate Holding Company.

Holdings
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

Hong Kong
means Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the Peoples Republic of China.

Hong Kong Financial
Assistance Documents means all documents (including all resolutions, notices of meeting and solvency statements) required
to comply with the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the laws of Hong Kong) in connection with the giving of financial assistance by a
Loan Party.

Hong Kong Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower incorporated, organized or established under the laws of Hong Kong.

Honor Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c)(i).

28

Immaterial Subsidiary
means, at any date of determination, each of the Lead Borrowers Subsidiaries (a) whose total assets (when combined with the
assets of such Subsidiarys Subsidiaries after eliminating intercompany obligations) at the last day of the most recent Test Period
does not exceed 2.5% of Total Assets at such date or (b) whose gross revenues (when combined with the revenues of such Subsidiarys
Subsidiaries, after eliminating intercompany obligations) for such Test Period does not exceed 2.5% of the consolidated gross revenues
of the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP; provided
that (i) if, at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date, Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors solely because they
do not exceed the thresholds set forth in clauses (a) or (b) comprise in the aggregate more than 5.0% of Total Assets
as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Lead Borrower for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant
to Section 6.01 or more than 5.0% of the consolidated gross revenues of the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries
for such period, then the Lead Borrower shall, not later than forty-five (45) days after the date by which financial statements for such
fiscal quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in
its reasonable discretion), (A) designate in writing to the Administrative Agent one or more of such Restricted Subsidiaries that
will no longer constitute Immaterial Subsidiaries such that the foregoing condition ceases to be true and (B) comply with the provisions
of Section 6.11 applicable to Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) no Subsidiary shall constitute an Immaterial Subsidiary
to the extent it Guarantees or is otherwise an obligor with respect to any Indebtedness in a principal amount in excess of the Threshold
Amount; provided further that no Subsidiary may be an Immaterial Subsidiary hereunder if such Subsidiary is not also an Immaterial
Subsidiary under any Junior Financing Documentation.

Incremental Amendment
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(f).

Incremental Amendment
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(d).

Incremental Commitments
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a).

Incremental Facility
Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(b).

Incremental Lenders
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(c).

Incremental Loan
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(b).

Incremental Loan
Request has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a).

Indebtedness
means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following:

(a)all
obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements
or other similar instruments;

(b)the
maximum amount (after giving effect to any prior drawings or reductions which may have been reimbursed) of all outstanding letters of
credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds and similar instruments
issued or created by or for the account of such Person;

(c)net
obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract;

(d)all
obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (i) trade accounts payable in
the ordinary course of business, (ii) any earn-out obligation until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of
such Person in accordance with GAAP and is not paid within thirty (30) days after becoming due and payable and (iii) liabilities
accrued in the ordinary course);

(e)indebtedness
(excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising
under conditional sales or other title retention agreements and mortgage, industrial revenue bond, industrial development bond and similar
financings), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse;

29

(f)all
Attributable Indebtedness;

(g)all
obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Equity Interests to the extent that the foregoing would constitute indebtedness
or a liability in accordance with GAAP; and

(h)to
the extent not otherwise included above, all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing.

For all purposes hereof,
the Indebtedness of any Person shall, in the case of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, exclude all intercompany Indebtedness
having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any roll-over or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business.
The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such
date. The amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (e) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (i) the
aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by
such Person in good faith.

Indemnified Liabilities
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.05.

Indemnified Taxes
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a).

Indemnitees
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.05.

Independent Financial
Advisor means an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing that is, in
the good faith judgment of the Lead Borrower, qualified to perform the task for which it has been engaged and that is independent of
the Lead Borrower and its Affiliates.

Information
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08.

Initial Revolving
Credit Commitment means, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, its Revolving Credit Commitment as of the Closing Date, as may
be increased from time to time pursuant to a Revolving Commitment Increase. The aggregate amount of Initial Revolving Credit Commitments
is $300,000,000.

Insolvency Regulation
means Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast) as
amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/2260 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2021.

Intellectual Property
Security Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement.

Intercreditor Agreement
means the Superpriority Intercreditor Agreement, any Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement or Subordination Agreement, collectively, in
each case to the extent then in effect.

Interest Payment
Date means, (a) as to any Benchmark Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan, any day
on which such Loan is converted into a Base Rate Loan, any day on which payment of principal in respect of such Benchmark Rate Loan is
made (whether as optional or mandatory prepayment or as repayment) and the Maturity Date (whether by acceleration or otherwise) of the
Facility under which such Loan was made; provided that if any Interest Period for a Benchmark Rate Loan exceeds three months,
the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates and
(b) as to any Base Rate Loan (including a Swing Line Loan), the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December,
any day on which payment of principal in respect of such Base Rate Loan is made (whether as optional or mandatory prepayment or as repayment)
and the Maturity Date (whether by acceleration or otherwise) of the Facility under which such Loan was made.

30

Interest Period
means, as to each Benchmark Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Benchmark Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued
as a Benchmark Rate Loan and ending on the date one (1), two (2) (solely with respect to EURIBOR Rate Loans), three (3) or
six (6) months thereafter or, to the extent agreed by each Lender of such Benchmark Rate Loan, twelve (12) months or, solely with
respect to EURIBOR Rate Loans, less than one (1) month thereafter, as selected by the Lead Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice;
provided that:

(a)any
Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless
such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day;

(b)any
Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding
day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of
such Interest Period; and

(c)no
Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date.

Intermediate Holding
Company means any wholly-owned Subsidiary of Holdings that (a) does not own assets other than issued and outstanding
Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower or a Parent (other than Topco) and (b) is a Guarantor.

Investment
means, with respect to any Person, all investments by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the form of any direct or
indirect advance, loan or other extensions of credit (other than advances or extensions of credit to customers, suppliers, directors,
officers or employees of any Person in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice, and excluding any debt or extension
of credit represented by a bank deposit other than a time deposit) or capital contribution to (by means of any transfer of cash or other
property to others or any payment for property or services for the account or use of others), or the incurrence of a Guarantee of any
obligation of, or any purchase or acquisition of Equity Interests, Indebtedness or other similar instruments issued by, such other
Persons and all other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared on the basis of GAAP (but excluding,
in the case of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, intercompany loans, advances, or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding
364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business); provided, however,
that endorsements of negotiable instruments and documents in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice will not
be deemed to be an Investment. If the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary issues, sells or otherwise disposes of any Equity Interests
of a Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary such that, after giving effect thereto, such Person is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary,
any Investment by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in such Person remaining after giving effect thereto will be deemed
to be a new Investment at such time.

For purposes of Section 7.06:

(a)Investment
will include the portion (proportionate to the Lead Borrowers equity interest in an Unrestricted Subsidiary) of the fair market
value of the net assets of such Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower at the time that such Subsidiary was designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary;
provided, however, that upon a redesignation of such Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Lead Borrower will be deemed
to continue to have a permanent Investment in an Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to (a) the
Lead Borrowers Investment in such Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation less (b) the portion (proportionate
to the Lead Borrowers equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets (as conclusively determined
by the Board of Directors of the Lead Borrower in good faith) of such Subsidiary at the time that such Subsidiary is so re-designated
a Restricted Subsidiary; and

31

(b)any
property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary will be valued at its fair market value at the time of such transfer, in each
case as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Lead Borrower.

The amount of any Investment
outstanding at any time shall be the original cost of such Investment (with the fair market value of such Investment being measured at
the time such Investment is made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value) as reduced by any dividend, distribution,
interest payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount (including in respect of dispositions) received in cash or Cash Equivalents
by a Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such Investment; provided that the aggregate amount of such dividend,
distribution, interest payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount shall not exceed the original amount of such Investment.

Investment Grade
Securities means:

(a)securities
issued or directly and fully Guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian government or any agency or instrumentality thereof
(other than Cash Equivalents);

(b)debt
securities or debt instruments with a rating of A or higher from S&P or A3 or higher by Moodys
or the equivalent of such rating by such rating organization or, if no rating of Moodys or S&P then exists, the equivalent
of such rating by any other Nationally Recognized Statistical Ratings Organization, but excluding any debt securities or instruments
constituting loans or advances among the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries; and

(c)investments
in any fund that invests exclusively in investments of the type described in clauses (a) and (b) above, which fund may
also hold cash and Cash Equivalents pending investment or distribution.

IP Rights
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.15.

Irish Guarantor
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.14.

Irish Mobility
Regulations means the European Union (Cross-Border Conversions, Mergers and Divisions) Regulations 2023 (as amended).

Irish Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Lead Borrower incorporated under the laws of Ireland.

Irish Transaction
Security means the security and Liens created or expressed to be created under any Collateral Documents governed by Irish
law.

Italian Pledge
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

J. Crew Provision
has the meaning set forth in the last paragraph of Article VII.

Junior Existing
Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2017 (as amended, restated, amended and
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Superpriority Intercreditor Agreement)
by and among Holdings, Lead Borrower, the Co-Borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and DBNY, as administrative
agent and collateral agent.

32

Junior Financing
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.13(a). For the avoidance of doubt, the 2029 Notes and the Junior Existing Credit Agreement
shall each constitute a Junior Financing.

Junior Financing
Documentation means any documentation governing any Junior Financing.

Korean Pledge
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

Latest Maturity
Date means, at any date of determination and with respect to the specified Loans or Commitments (or in the absence of any
such specification, all outstanding Loans and Commitments hereunder), the latest Maturity Date applicable to any such Loans or Commitments
hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity date of any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment, any Incremental Commitments or
any Refinancing Commitments, in each case as extended in accordance with this Agreement from time to time.

Laws
means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state, regional, provincial and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines,
regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration
thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative
orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority.

L/C Advance
means, with respect to each Revolving Credit Lender, such Lenders funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance
with its Pro Rata Share.

L/C Borrowing
means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made
or refinanced as a Revolving Credit Borrowing.

L/C Credit Extension
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the renewal or increase
of the amount thereof.

L/C Issuer
means DBNY or any of its affiliates, and any other Lender that becomes an L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(m) or
Section 10.07(l), or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder; provided that, if any Extension or Extensions
of Revolving Credit Commitments is or are effected in accordance with Section 2.18, on the occurrence of the Original Revolving
Credit Maturity Date and on each later date which is or was at any time a Maturity Date with respect to Revolving Credit Commitments
(each, an L/C Issuer/Swing Line Termination Date), each L/C Issuer at such time shall have the right to resign as
an L/C Issuer on, or on any date within twenty (20) Business Days after, the respective L/C Issuer/Swing Line Termination Date, in each
case upon not less than ten (10) days prior written notice thereof to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent and,
in the event of any such resignation and upon the effectiveness thereof, the respective entity so resigning shall retain all of its rights
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents as an L/C Issuer with respect to all Letters of Credit theretofore issued by it (which Letters
of Credit shall remain outstanding in accordance with the terms hereof until their respective expirations) but shall not be required
to issue any further Letters of Credit hereunder. If at any time and for any reason (including as a result of resignations as contemplated
by the last proviso to the preceding sentence), each L/C Issuer has resigned in such capacity in accordance with the preceding sentence,
then no Person shall be an L/C Issuer hereunder obligated to issue Letters of Credit unless and until (and only for so long as) a Lender
(or an affiliate of a Lender) reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower agrees to act as an L/C Issuer
hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, DBNY shall not be required to issue trade or commercial letters of credit.

L/C Issuer/Swing
Line Termination Date has the meaning set forth in the definition of L/C Issuer.

33

L/C Obligations
means as at any date of determination, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars
outstanding at such time, (b) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit denominated in Alternative
Currencies outstanding at such time, and (c) the aggregate amount of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings.

Lender
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement and, as the context requires, includes an L/C Issuer and a
Swing Line Lender, and their respective successors and assigns as permitted hereunder, each of which is referred to herein as a Lender.

Lender Upfront
Fee Letter means that certain Lender Upfront Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Borrowers and the
Revolving Credit Lenders as of the Closing Date.

Lending Office
means, as to any Lender, such office or offices as such Lender may from time to time notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative
Agent.

Letter of Credit
means any letter of credit issued hereunder. A Letter of Credit may be a commercial letter of credit or a standby letter of credit. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, DBNY shall not be required to issue trade or commercial letters of credit.

Letter of Credit
Expiration Date means the day that is five (5) Business Days prior to the scheduled Latest Maturity Date then in effect
for the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments (taking into account the Maturity Date of any conditional Participating Revolving
Credit Commitment that will automatically go into effect on or prior to such Maturity Date) (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the
next preceding Business Day).

Letter of Credit
Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $60,000,000 and (b) the aggregate amount of the Participating
Revolving Credit Commitments. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Commitments.

Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference,
priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other
title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to Real Property, and any Capitalized Lease having
substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

Limited Condition
Acquisition means any acquisition or similar Investment whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on
obtaining, financing.

Limited Condition
Transaction means (a) any Limited Condition Acquisition and/or (b) any redemption or repayment of Indebtedness requiring
irrevocable notice in advance of such redemption or repayment.

Liquidity
means, at any date of determination, the sum of (a) cash and Cash Equivalents of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
on such date plus (b) the aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments on such date plus (c) availability under any Existing
A/R Securitization Facility as of such date not to exceed $150,000,000 in the aggregate.

Liquidity Covenant
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.11.

Loan
means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrowers under Article II in the form of a Revolving Credit Loan or a Swing
Line Loan (including any extensions of credit under any Revolving Commitment Increase, any Incremental Loan, any Refinancing Loan and
any extensions of credit under any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment).

34

Loan Documents
means, collectively, (a) this Agreement, (b) the Notes, (c) the Collateral Documents, (d) any Refinancing Amendment
entered into after the Closing Date, (e) any Incremental Amendment or any Extension Amendment entered into after the Closing Date,
(f) each Request for L/C Issuance, (g) any other document or instrument designated by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative
Agent as a Loan Document and (h) any other amendment or joinder to this Agreement.

Loan Parties
means, collectively, each Borrower and each Guarantor.

Loan Party Consolidated
Cash Balance shall mean, at any date of determination, the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents (other than Restricted
Cash) of the Lead Borrower and each Guarantor on such date.

Loan Party Consolidated
Cash Balance Prepayment Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 7.10.

Long-Term Financial
Model means the Long-Term Financial Model 2024 to 2027 (March 2024) delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
prior to the Closing Date.

LuxCo Finance
means Trinseo LuxCo Finance SPV S. r.l., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit
limite), organized and established under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard
Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the RCS under number B279526.

Luxembourg
means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

Luxembourg Guarantor
means a Guarantor incorporated in Luxembourg or having its centre of main interests (as this term is used in Article 3(1) of
the Insolvency Regulation) in Luxembourg; provided that for purposes of Section 11.13, it shall mean any Guarantor
incorporated in Luxembourg that is a Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower.

Luxembourg Insolvency
Event means, in relation to any entity incorporated and located in Luxembourg or any of its assets, any corporate action,
legal proceedings or other procedure or step in relation to bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, liquidation, administrative dissolution
without liquidation (dissolution administrative sans liquidation), moratorium or reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement),
fraudulent conveyance (actio pauliana), general settlement with creditors, out-of-court mutual agreement (rorganisation
extra-judiciaire par accord amiable), judicial reorganisation in the form of a stay to enter into a mutual agreement (rorganisation
par sursis accord amiable), judicial reorganisation by collective agreement (rorganisation judiciaire par accord collectif),
judicial reorganisation by transfer of assets or activities (rorganisation judiciaire par transfert sous autorit de
justice), conciliation (conciliation) or protective measures (mesures en vue de prserver les entreprises),
reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally.

Luxembourg Insolvency
Register means the Luxembourg Insolvency Register (Registre de linsolvabilit) held and maintained by the Luxembourg
Trade and Companies Register.

Luxembourg Loan
Party means a Loan Party incorporated in Luxembourg or having its centre of main interests (as this term is used in Article 3(1) of
the Insolvency Regulation) in Luxembourg.

Management Advances
means loans or advances made to, or Guarantees with respect to loans or advances made to, directors, officers, employees or consultants
of any Holdco, the Borrowers or any Restricted Subsidiary:

(a)in
respect of travel, entertainment or moving-related expenses or other similar expenses or payroll advances incurred in the ordinary course
of business or consistent with past practice or (b) for purposes of funding any such persons purchase of Equity Interests
(or similar obligations) of the Holdcos (or any Parent) or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower; or

35

(b)in
respect of moving-related expenses incurred in connection with any closing or consolidation of any facility or office.

Management Stockholders
means the members of management of any Holdco (or any Parent), the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary who are investors in Holdings
or any Parent.

Margin Stock
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U of the FRB.

Master Agreement
has the meaning specified in the definition of Swap Contract.

Material Adverse
Effect means a (a) material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, liabilities (actual or contingent) or
financial condition of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (b) material adverse effect on the ability
of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to fully and timely perform any of their payment obligations under any Loan Document to which
the Lead Borrower or any of the Loan Parties is a party; or (c) material adverse effect on the rights and remedies available to
the Lenders or the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document.

Material Property
means assets, including intellectual property, owned by the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries that is material to the business, operations,
assets or financial condition of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, either prior to or pro forma for any applicable
transfer or Disposition.

Material Real Property
means any fee-owned Real Property owned by a Loan Party that is (a) located in the United States and has a fair market value in
excess of $10,000,000 (at the Closing Date or, with respect to fee-owned Real Property acquired after the Closing Date, at the time of
acquisition, in each case, as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower in good faith) or (b) located outside of the United States
in a Qualified Jurisdiction and has a fair market value in excess of $15,000,000 (at the Closing Date or, with respect to fee-owned real
property acquired after the Closing Date, at the time of acquisition, in each case, as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower in
good faith); provided that at no time shall any real property located in the Federal Republic of Germany or Switzerland that is
owned by any Loan Party (including any Designated Real Property) be considered Material Real Property.

Maturity Date
means (a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitments, the earlier of (i) February 2, 2028 and (ii) if any principal
of any Early Maturing Debt remains outstanding on the Springing Maturity Date, the Springing Maturity Date; (b) with respect to
any Class of Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Extension Request accepted
by the respective Lender or Lenders, (c) with respect to any other Refinancing Commitments, the final maturity date as specified
in the applicable Refinancing Amendment and (d) with respect to any Incremental Loans incurred after the Closing Date or Incremental
Commitments, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Incremental Amendment; provided that, in each case, if any
such day is not a Business Day, the applicable Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately succeeding such day.

Maximum Rate
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.10.

Minimum Extension
Condition has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(c).

MNPI
means, with respect to any Person, information and documentation that is (a) (x) not publicly available if such Person and
its Subsidiaries are public reporting companies or (y) of a type that would not be publicly available (and could not be derived
from publicly available information) if such Person and its Subsidiaries were public reporting companies and (b) material with respect
to such Person, its Subsidiaries or the respective securities of such Person and its Subsidiaries for purposes of United States Federal
and state securities laws, in each case, assuming such laws were applicable to such Person and its Subsidiaries.

36

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Mortgage Policies
has the meaning specified in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

Mortgaged Properties
has the meaning specified in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

Mortgages
means collectively, the deeds of trust, trust deeds, debentures, hypothecs and mortgages made by the Loan Parties in favor or for the
benefit of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties creating and evidencing a Lien on a Mortgaged Property in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and any other mortgages executed and delivered pursuant to Section 6.11,
Section 6.14 and Section 6.18.

Multiemployer Plan
means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Loan Party, any Restricted
Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five (5) plan years, has
made or been obligated to make contributions.

Nationally Recognized
Statistical Rating Organization means a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 436
under the Securities Act.

Net Proceeds
means:

(a)100%
of the cash proceeds actually received by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (including any cash payments received
by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise
and including casualty insurance settlements and condemnation awards, but in each case only as and when received) from any Disposition
or Casualty Event, net of (i) attorneys fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance
premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, required debt payments and required
payments of other obligations (including without limitation principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts)
(other than pursuant to the Loan Documents), other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred
in connection therewith, (ii) in the case of any Disposition or Casualty Event by a non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary, the
pro rata portion of the Net Proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (ii)) attributable to minority interests
and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Lead Borrower or a wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary as a result thereof,
(iii) taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof, and (iv) the amount of any reasonable reserve established
in accordance with GAAP against any adjustment to the sale price or any liabilities (other than any taxes deducted pursuant to clause (i) above)
(x) related to any of the applicable assets and (y) retained by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries including,
without limitation, pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or against
any indemnification obligations (however, the amount of any subsequent reduction of such reserve (other than in connection with a payment
in respect of any such liability) shall be deemed to be Net Proceeds of such Disposition or Casualty Event occurring on the date of such
reduction); provided, that no proceeds realized in a single transaction or series of related transactions shall constitute Net
Proceeds under this clause (a) unless (x) such proceeds shall exceed $35,000,000 or (y) the aggregate net proceeds
exceed $50,000,000 in any fiscal year (and thereafter only net cash proceeds in excess of such amount shall constitute Net Proceeds under
this clause (a));

37

(b)100%
of the cash proceeds from the incurrence, issuance or sale by the Lead Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness,
net of all taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof and fees (including investment banking fees and discounts),
commissions, costs and other expenses, in each case incurred in connection with such issuance or sale; and

(c)100%
of the cash proceeds from the issuance or sale of Equity Interests in Holdings or the Lead Borrower, net of all taxes paid or reasonably
estimated to be payable as a result thereof and fees (including investment banking fees and discounts), commissions, costs and other
expenses, in each case incurred in connection with such issuance or sale.

For purposes of calculating
the amount of Net Proceeds, fees, commissions and other costs and expenses payable to the Lead Borrower shall be disregarded.

Net Raw Material
Timing means an adjustment (positive or negative) to Consolidated EBITDA equal to the difference of (a) Consolidated
EBITDA as determined in accordance with the first-in-first-out method of accounting minus (b) Consolidated EBITDA
as determined in accordance with the replacement cost method of accounting, computed by adjusting cost of sales to reflect
the cost of raw material prices during the applicable period; plus (c) an amount (positive or negative) equal to the difference
in revenue between the current contractual price and the current period price.

Non-Consenting
Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 3.07(d).

Non-Defaulting
Lender means, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender.

Non-extension Notice
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(b)(iii).

Non-Loan Party
means any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party.

Non-Loan Party
Consolidated Cash Balance shall mean, at any date of determination, the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents (other
than Restricted Cash) of each Non-Loan Party on such date.

Non-Loan Party
Consolidated Cash Balance Prepayment Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 7.10.

Non-U.S. Pledged
Accounts has the meaning specified in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

Note
means a Revolving Credit Note or a Swing Line Note, as the context may require.

Obligated Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03(c).

Obligations
means all (x) advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries
arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those
acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees
that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws
naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding
and (y) obligations of any Loan Party arising under any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Treasury Services Agreement. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents (and of their Restricted Subsidiaries to
the extent they have obligations under the Loan Documents) include (a) the obligation (including guarantee obligations) to pay principal,
interest, Letter of Credit fees, reimbursement obligations, charges, expenses, fees, Attorney Costs, indemnities and other amounts payable
by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of any Loan Party to reimburse any amount in respect of any of
the foregoing that any Lender, in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of such Loan Party.

38

Officers
Certificate means, with respect to any Person, a certificate signed by one Responsible Officer of such Person. Unless otherwise
provided, Officers Certificate means an Officers Certificate of the Lead Borrower.

OID
means original issue discount.

Opco Projections
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.20.

Opco Reporting
Entities has the meaning set forth in Section 6.20.

Organization Documents
means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation, the articles of association, the bylaws,
the constitution and the unanimous shareholder agreements or declarations (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect
to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization
and the operating or limited liability company agreement (or equivalent or comparable documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction)
or articles of association; (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the articles
of association, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument,
filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority
in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of
such entity; and (d) in respect of any Swedish Guarantor, its (i) articles of association (Sw. bolagsordning) and (ii) certificate
of registration (Sw. registreringsbevis).

Other Connection
Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient
and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party
to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction
pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document).

Other Taxes
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a).

Outstanding Amount
means (a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans or Loans made under any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment,
as applicable, on any date, the aggregate outstanding Dollar Amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or
repayments of Revolving Credit Loans (including any refinancing of outstanding unpaid drawings under Letters of Credit or L/C Credit
Extensions as a Revolving Credit Borrowing), Swing Line Loans or Loans made under any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment, as the case
may be, occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the outstanding Dollar Amount thereof on
such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes thereto as of such date, including
as a result of any reimbursements of outstanding unpaid drawings under any Letters of Credit (including any refinancing of outstanding
unpaid drawings under Letters of Credit or L/C Credit Extensions as a Revolving Credit Borrowing) or any reductions in the maximum amount
available for drawing under Letters of Credit taking effect on such date.

Overnight Rate
means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and an overnight
rate determined by the Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer, or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, in accordance with banking industry
rules on interbank compensation, (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any Alternative Currency, the rate of interest
per annum at which overnight deposits in such Alternative Currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which
such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by a branch or Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer,
as applicable, in the applicable offshore interbank market for such Alternative Currency to major banks in such interbank market.

39

Parallel Debt
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.15(b).

Parent
means Topco, and any holding company Subsidiary thereof which owns, directly or indirectly, 100% of the outstanding Equity Interests
of the Lead Borrower.

Parent Intercompany
Loan means that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2023 (as in effect on the date hereof or as amended,
restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof), by and among
Holdings and LuxCo Finance.

Participant
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(e).

Participant Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(e).

Participating Member
State means each state so described in any EMU Legislation.

Participating Revolving
Credit Commitments means (1) the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments (including any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments
in respect thereof) and (2) those additional Revolving Credit Commitments (and both (x) Revolving Commitment Increases to such
Class and (y) Extended Revolving Credit Commitments in respect thereof) established pursuant to an Incremental Amendment or
Refinancing Amendment for which an election has been made to include such Commitments for purposes of the issuance of Letters of Credit
or the making of Swing Line Loans; provided that, with respect to clause (2), the effectiveness of such election may be made
conditional upon the maturity of one or more other Participating Revolving Credit Commitments. At any time at which there is more than
one Class of Participating Revolving Credit Commitments outstanding, the mechanics and arrangements with respect to the allocation
of Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans among such Classes will be subject to procedures agreed to by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative
Agent.

Participating Revolving
Credit Lender means any Lender holding a Participating Revolving Credit Commitment.

PBGC
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

Pension Plan
means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer
Plan or Foreign Pension Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by any Loan Party, any Restricted Subsidiary
or any ERISA Affiliate, and such plan for the five-year period immediately following the latest date on which any Loan Party or Subsidiary
maintained, contributed to or had an obligation to contribute to such plan.

Perfection Certificate
means a certificate in the form of Exhibit II to the Security Agreement or any other form reasonably approved by the Collateral
Agent, as the same shall be supplemented from time to time.

Periodic Term SOFR
Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR.

Permitted Acquisition
means any Investment of the type described in clause (a)(ii) of the definition of Permitted Investments and any
Investment or other acquisition of assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of, or all or substantially all
of the Equity Interests of, another Person.

40

Permitted General
Junior Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.03(v).

Permitted Investment
means (in each case, by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries):

(a)Investments
in (i) a Restricted Subsidiary (including the Equity Interests of a Restricted Subsidiary) or the Lead Borrower or (ii) a Person
(including the Equity Interests of any such Person) that will, upon the making of such Investment, become a Restricted Subsidiary; provided
that any Investment pursuant to this clause (a) made by Loan Parties in Persons that are not, or will not contemporaneously
with such Investment become, Loan Parties must be permitted as an Investment under the Permitted Investment definition
(other than this clause (a)) or under Section 7.06;

(b)[reserved];

(c)Investments
in cash, Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities;

(d)Investments
in receivables owing to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary created or acquired in the ordinary course of business;

(e)Investments
(i) in payroll, travel, entertainment expenses, moving expenses and similar advances to cover matters that are expected at the time
of such advances ultimately to be treated as expenses for accounting purposes and that are made in the ordinary course of business or
(ii) to fund such Persons purchase of Equity Interests of Lead Borrower or any of its Parents;

(f)Management
Advances;

(g)Investments
received in settlement of debts created in the ordinary course of business and owing to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
or in exchange for any other Investment or accounts receivable held by Lead Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary, or as a result
of foreclosure, perfection or enforcement of any Lien, or in satisfaction of judgments or pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar
arrangement including upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of a debtor or otherwise with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer
of title with respect to any secured Investment in default;

(h)Investments
made as a result of the receipt of non-cash consideration from a sale or other disposition of property or assets, including a Disposition;

(i)Investments
existing or pursuant to agreements or arrangements in effect on the Closing Date, as set forth on Schedule 1.01E, and any
modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof; provided that the amount of any such Investment or binding commitment
may not be increased except (a) as required by the terms of such Investment or binding commitment as in existence on the Closing
Date or (b) as otherwise permitted under this Agreement;

(j)Obligations
in respect of Secured Hedge Agreements, which transactions or obligations are incurred in compliance with Section 7.03;

(k)pledges
or deposits with respect to leases or utilities provided to third parties in the ordinary course of business or Liens permitted under
Section 7.01;

(l)any
Investment to the extent made using Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower (other than Disqualified Equity Interests);

41

(m)any
Investment arising out of, or in connection with, Existing Cash Management Practices;

(n)Investments
consisting of purchases and acquisitions of assets, services, inventory, supplies, materials and equipment or licenses or leases of intellectual
property, in any case, in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with this Agreement;

(o)(i) Guarantees
not prohibited under Section 7.03 and (other than with respect to Indebtedness) guarantees, keepwells and similar arrangements
in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) performance guarantees with respect to obligations incurred by the Lead Borrower or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that are permitted by this Agreement;

(p)Investments
consisting of earnest money deposits required in connection with a purchase agreement, or letter of intent, or other acquisitions to
the extent not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement;

(q)Investments
of a Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or of an entity merged into the Lead Borrower or merged into or consolidated
with a Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection
with such acquisition, merger or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger or consolidation;

(r)Investments
consisting of licensing of intellectual property pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons;

(s)contributions
to a rabbi trust for the benefit of employees or other grantor trust subject to claims of creditors in the case of a bankruptcy
of the Borrowers;

(t)Investments
in bona fide joint ventures; provided that (i) such Investments, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant
to this clause (t) that are at that time outstanding, shall not exceed $60,000,000, and (ii) the Lead Borrower or such Restricted
Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives consideration (including by way of relief from, or by any other Person assuming responsibility
for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) at least equal to the fair
market value (such fair market value to be determined, on the date of contractually agreeing to such Investment, in good faith by the
Lead Borrower) of the assets subject to such contribution, transfer or sale;

(u)additional
Investments having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (u) that
are at that time outstanding, not to exceed $30,000,000 (this clause (u), the General Investments Basket);

(v)any
Investment by the Borrowers or a Subsidiary of the Borrowers in (x) an Existing Securitization Subsidiary or (y) any other
Person in connection with a Permitted Securitization, including Investments of funds held in accounts permitted or required by the arrangement
governing such Permitted Securitization or any related Indebtedness; provided that such Investment is in the form of a purchase
money obligation, contribution of additional Existing Securitization Assets or equity interests;

(w)advances,
loans or extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and
Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes arising from the grant of trade credit in
the ordinary course of business;

42

(x)Investments
in the ordinary course of business consisting of Uniform Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit and Article 4
customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with industry practice;

(y)any
Investment in securities or other assets not constituting Cash Equivalents and received in connection with a Disposition made under Section 7.05
or any other disposition of assets not constituting a Disposition;

(z)Investments
in prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection and lease, utility and workers compensation, performance and similar
deposits entered into as a result of the operations of the business in the ordinary course of business;

(aa) Investments
made in the ordinary course of business in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client contracts and loans or advances
made to distributors in the ordinary course of business;

(bb) to
the extent constituting an Investment, Guarantees permitted under Section 7.03(r); and

(cc)to
the extent constituting an Investment, Guarantees of the Obligations under and as defined in the Junior Existing Credit
Agreement;

(dd)[reserved];

(ee)to
the extent constituting an Investment, any Permitted Relocation; and

(ff)to
the extent constituting an Investment, the parent guaranty provided by the Lead Borrower pursuant to the Existing A/R Securitization
Facility.

For purposes of determining
whether an Investment is a Permitted Investment or is otherwise a Restricted Investment permitted to be made pursuant to Section 7.06,
in the event that an Investment (or any portion thereof) at any time, whether at the time of making of such Investment or upon or subsequently,
meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Permitted Investments described in clauses (a) through (aa) above or any
other provision of Section 7.06, the Lead Borrower, in its sole discretion, will classify and may subsequently reclassify
such Investment (or any portion thereof) in any one or more of the types of Investments described in clauses (a) through (aa) above
or any other applicable clause in Section 7.06 and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Investment
in such of the above clauses or clauses in Section 7.06 as determined by the Lead Borrower at such time.

Permitted Refinancing
means, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension of any Indebtedness of
such Person; provided that (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal
amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended except
by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other amounts owing or paid related to such Indebtedness,
plus fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement
or extension and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, (b) other than with respect to a Permitted
Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(e), such modification, refinancing, refunding,
renewal, replacement or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and has a Weighted Average
Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded,
renewed, replaced or extended, (c) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant
to Section 7.03(e), at the time thereof, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (d) if such Indebtedness
being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is Junior Financing, to the extent such Indebtedness being modified,
refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, such modification, refinancing,
refunding, renewal, replacement or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms at least as favorable to
the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced
or extended, (e) to the extent such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is secured
by the Collateral and/or subject to intercreditor arrangements for the benefits of the Lenders, such modification, refinancing, refunding,
renewal, replacement or extension is either (1) unsecured or (2) secured and, if secured, subject to intercreditor arrangements
on terms at least as favorable (including with respect to priority) to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing
the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, and such modification refinancing, refunding, renewal,
replacement or extension is incurred only by one or more Persons who is an obligor of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded,
renewed, replaced or extended, (f) any such modification, refinancing, renewal, replacement, or extension has the same primary obligor
and the same (or fewer) guarantors as the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended and (g) if
such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is unsecured, such modification, refinancing, refunding,
renewal, replacement or extension is unsecured. Any reference to a Permitted Refinancing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document
shall be interpreted to mean (a) a Permitted Refinancing of the subject Indebtedness and (b) any further refinancings constituting
a Permitted Refinancing of the Indebtedness resulting from a prior Permitted Refinancing.

43

Permitted Relocation
means a cross-border conversion by a Luxembourg Loan Party in accordance with Part 2, Chapter 3 of the Irish Mobility Regulations
and the corresponding Luxembourg legislation where:

(a)the
proposed converted company (within the meaning of the Irish Mobility Regulations) is an Irish company; and

(b)on
the date of the cross-border conversion no Default has occurred and no Default would occur as a result of the cross-border conversion;
and

(c)the
cross-border conversion does not materially and adversely affect the value and enforceability of the guarantees and Collateral granted
by the converting Luxembourg Loan Party; and

(d)the
Collateral Agent receives Irish law governed all asset Collateral substantially equivalent to the corresponding Luxembourg law governed
all asset Collateral in existence immediately prior to the cross-border conversion; and

(e)if
the shares in the converting Luxembourg Loan Party were subject to the Collateral in favour of the Collateral Agent immediately prior
to such cross-border conversion, the Collateral Agent will receive (provided this does not have the effect of (A) materially and
adversely affecting the value of the relevant Collateral or (B) materially and adversely affecting the enforceability of the relevant
guarantees and Collateral) substantially equivalent Irish law governed Collateral over those shares.

Permitted Securitization
means the Existing A/R Securitization Facility.

Person
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental
Authority or other entity.

Plan
means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by any Loan Party
or Subsidiary or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate,
and such plan for the five-year period immediately following the latest date on which any Loan Party, any Subsidiary or an ERISA Affiliate
maintained, contributed to or had an obligation to or have had an obligation to contribute to, or otherwise to have liability with respect
to such plan.

44

Preferred Stock
means, as applied to the Equity Interests of any Person, Equity Interests of any class or classes (however designated) which is preferred
as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of such
Person, over Equity Interests of any other class of such Person.

Pro Forma Balance
Sheet has the meaning set forth in Section 5.05(b).

Pro Forma Balance
Sheet Date has the meaning set forth in Section 5.05(b).

Pro Forma Basis
and Pro Forma Effect means, with respect to compliance with any test or covenant or calculation of any ratio hereunder,
the determination or calculation of such test, covenant or ratio (including in connection with Specified Transactions) in accordance
with Section 1.10.

Pro Forma Compliance
means, with respect to the Financial Covenants, compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with such covenant in accordance with Section 1.10.

Pro Forma Financial
Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 5.05(b).

Pro Rata Share
means, with respect to each Lender at any time a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator
of which is the amount of the Commitments of such Lender under the applicable Facility or Facilities at such time and the denominator
of which is the amount of the Aggregate Commitments under the applicable Facility or Facilities at such time; provided that if
such Commitments have been terminated, then the Pro Rata Share of each Lender shall be determined based on the Pro Rata Share of such
Lender immediately prior to such termination and after giving effect to any subsequent assignments made pursuant to the terms hereof.

Projections
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(c).

Public Company
Costs means costs relating to compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, in each case as applicable
to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public, the rules of national securities exchange companies with listed
equity or debt securities, directors compensation, fees and expense reimbursement, costs relating to investor relations, shareholder
meetings and reports to shareholders or debtholders, directors and officers insurance, listing fees and all executive,
legal and professional fees related to the foregoing.

PTE
means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time
to time.

QFC
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.23.

QFC Credit Support
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.23.

Qualified ECP Guarantor
means in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that, at the time the relevant guarantee (or grant of the relevant security
interest, as applicable) becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation, has total assets exceeding $10,000,000
or such other person as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations
promulgated thereunder and which may cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant with respect to
such Swap Obligation at such time by entering into a keepwell pursuant to section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange
Act (or any successor provision thereto).

45

Qualified Equity
Interests means any Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests.

Qualified Jurisdiction
means each of the United States, any state or territory thereof, the District of Columbia, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Sweden, Switzerland,
Hong Kong, Luxembourg, Singapore, The Netherlands and any other jurisdiction as may be mutually agreed to in writing from time to time
by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

Quarterly Financial
Statements means unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of comprehensive income and cash
flows of Topco for the most recent fiscal quarters (other than the fourth fiscal quarter) after the date of the applicable Annual Financial
Statements and ended at least forty-five (45) days prior to the Closing Date.

Real Property
means, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold, mineral or other estate) in and to any and all parcels of
or interests in real property owned or leased by any Person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all
easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles
and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof.

Recipient
means any Lender or Agent.

Refinancing Amendment
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(f).

Refinancing Commitments
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(a).

Refinanced Debt
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(a).

Refinancing Facility
Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(d).

Refinancing Lenders
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(c).

Refinancing Loan
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(b).

Refinancing Loan
Request has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(a).

Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(d).

Regulatory Authority
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08.

Related Transaction
Documents means, collectively, the Parent Intercompany Loan, the Junior Existing Credit Agreement, the Super Holdco Credit
Agreement, the Super HoldCo Second Lien Notes (and the Super HoldCo Second Lien Notes Indenture) and the 2029 Notes (and the 2029 Notes
Indenture), collectively and in each case as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, modified, refinanced or replaced
from to time.

Release
means any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing,
depositing, dispersing or migrating in, into, onto or through the Environment or from or through any facility, property or equipment.

Relevant Beneficiary
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.16(a).

Reportable Event
means any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA, with respect to a Pension Plan, other than events for which the
notice period is waived under applicable regulations as in effect on the date hereof.

46

Request for Credit
Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, continuation or conversion of Revolving Credit Loans, a Committed Loan
Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Request for L/C Issuance, and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan,
a Swing Line Loan Notice.

Request for L/C
Issuance means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit, substantially in the form
of Exhibit J, or such other form from time to time in use by the relevant L/C Issuer.

Required Class Lenders
means, as of any date of determination, Lenders of a Class having more than 50% of the sum of the (a) Total Outstandings (with,
in the case of the Revolving Credit Commitments, the aggregate amount of each Lenders risk participation and funded participation
in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition) for all Lenders
of such Class and (b) aggregate unused Commitments of all Lenders of such Class; provided that the unused Commitment
and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender of such Class shall be excluded for purposes
of making a determination of Required Class Lenders.

Required Lenders
means, as of any date of determination, Revolving Credit Lenders under the Revolving Credit Commitments (including, for purposes of this
definition of Required Lenders any (x) Extended Revolving Credit Commitments in respect thereof, (y) Incremental
Commitments and (z) Refinancing Commitments in respect thereof) having more than 50% of the sum of the (a) Outstanding Amount
of all Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans and L/C Obligations (with the aggregate Dollar Amount of each Lenders risk participation
and funded participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this
definition) under the Revolving Credit Commitments and (b) aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that unused
Revolving Credit Commitments of, and the portion of the Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans and all L/C
Obligations held, or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders.

Resolution Authority
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.22.

Responsible Officer
means the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer or other similar
officer or a manager (grant) or a director (adminstrateur) of a Loan Party and, as to any document delivered on
the Closing Date, any secretary, authorized signatory or assistant secretary of such Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that
is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted
on behalf of such Loan Party.

Restricted Cash
means cash and Cash Equivalents held by Restricted Subsidiaries that is contractually restricted from being distributed to the Lead Borrower.

Restricted Investment
means an Investment other than a Permitted Investment.

Restricted Obligations
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.09(a).

Restricted Payment
means (i) any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interest
of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking
fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of
any such Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the Lead Borrowers or a Restricted Subsidiarys stockholders,
partners or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof) and (ii) any Restricted Investment.

47

Restricted Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided that in no event shall the Co-Borrower
be an Unrestricted Subsidiary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Co-Borrower is a Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower.

Revolving Commitment
Increase has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a).

Revolving Credit
Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type and currency and, in the case
of Benchmark Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(b).

Revolving Credit
Commitment means, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrowers,
(b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line
Loans, as the same may be (i) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.06 or (ii) reduced or increased from
time to time pursuant to (w) assignments by or to such Revolving Credit Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, (x) an
Incremental Amendment, (y) a Refinancing Amendment or (z) an Extension. The amount of each Revolving Credit Lenders
Commitment is set forth in Schedule 1.01A under the caption Revolving Credit Commitment or in the Assignment
and Assumption, in each case, as may be amended pursuant to any Incremental Amendment, Extension Amendment or Refinancing Amendment pursuant
to which such Lender shall have assumed, increased or decreased its Revolving Credit Commitment, as the case may be.

Revolving Credit
Exposure means, at any time, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, the sum of the amount of the outstanding Dollar Amount of
such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Loans and its Pro Rata Share of the amount of the L/C Obligations and the Swing
Line Obligations at such time.

Revolving Credit
Lender means, at any time, any Lender that has a Revolving Credit Commitment an outstanding Revolving Credit Loans at such
time.

Revolving Credit
Loans means any loan made pursuant to the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments, any Incremental Loan, any other Refinancing
Loan or any loan under any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, as the context may require.

Revolving Credit
Note means a promissory note of the Borrowers payable to any Revolving Credit Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially
the form of Exhibit C-2 hereto, evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Revolving Credit Lender resulting
from the Revolving Credit Loans made by such Revolving Credit Lender to the Borrowers.

S&P
means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor thereto.

Same Day Funds
means immediately available funds.

Sanctioned Country
means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is the subject or target of any Sanctions.

Sanctioned Person
means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons, including lists maintained by OFAC,
the U.S. Department of State, the European Union or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, (b) any Person located,
organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person 50% or more owned or controlled by any Person or Persons described
in the foregoing clause (a).

Sanctions
means economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or restrictions imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the
U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC)
or the U.S. Department of State, (b) the European Union or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, (c) the Hong
Kong Monetary Authority or (d) any other relevant Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries.

48

SEC
means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

Second Lien Intercreditor
Agreement means an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit L hereto (which agreement in such
form, or with immaterial changes thereto, the Administrative Agent is authorized to enter into) together with any material changes thereto
which are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and which material changes shall be posted to the Lenders not less than five
(5) Business Days before execution thereof and, if the Required Lenders shall not have objected to such changes within five (5) Business
Days after posting, then the Required Lenders shall be deemed to have agreed that the Administrative Agents entry into such intercreditor
agreement (with such changes) is reasonable and to have consented to such intercreditor agreement (with such changes) and to the Administrative
Agents execution thereof.

Secured Hedge Agreement
means any Swap Contract permitted under Article VII that is entered into by and between the Lead Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary and any Hedge Bank, including the Existing Secured Hedge Agreements.

Secured Parties
means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders, the Hedge Banks, the Supplemental Agents and each co-agent
or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Securitization
Sellers Retained Interest means the debt or equity interests held by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
in an Existing Securitization Subsidiary to which Existing Securitization Assets have been transferred, including any such debt or equity
received as consideration for or as a portion of the purchase price for the Existing Securitization Assets transferred, or any other
instrument through which the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has rights to or receives distributions in respect of any residual
or excess interest in the Existing Securitization Assets.

Security Agreement
means the Pledge and Security Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit F.

Security Agreement
Supplement has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement.

Senior Representative
means, with respect to any Indebtedness permitted hereunder and subject to an Intercreditor Agreement that is secured by the Collateral,
the trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, security agent or similar agent under the indenture or agreement pursuant to which
such Indebtedness is issued, incurred or otherwise obtained, as the case may be, and each of their successors in such capacities.

Singapore Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower incorporated, organized or established under the laws of Singapore.

SOFR
means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR Administrator
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Borrowing
means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing.

49

SOFR Loan
means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base
Rate.

Solvent
and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person (other than a Person organized under German law, Belgian law or Luxembourg
law) on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total
amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such
Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute
and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons
ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is able to pay all that Persons debts as and when
they become due and payable and (e) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business
or a transaction, for which such Persons property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities
at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the
amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. With respect to any Person organized under German law,
Solvent and Solvency means such Person not being illiquid (zahlungsunfhig) or overindebted (berschuldet)
in accordance with sections 17 and 19, respectively, of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvnzordnung). With respect to any Person
organized under Belgian law, Solvent and Solvency means such Person being able to pay its debts when they
become due and being able to obtain (further) credit, i.e., such Person not being in a situation as defined in Article 2 of the
Belgian Bankruptcy Act of 8 August 1997. With respect to any Person organized under Luxembourg law, Solvent and Solvency
means such Person is not unable to pay its debts (in particular, it is not in a state of cessation des paiements and has not lost
its commercial creditworthiness) and would not become unable to do so.

SPC
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(j).

Specified Transaction
means (a) the Transactions, (b) any Investment that results in a Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, (c) any designation
of a Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, (d) any Permitted Acquisition, (e) any Disposition that results in a Restricted
Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower and any Disposition of a business unit, line of business or division
of the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case whether by merger, consolidation, amalgamation or otherwise or (f) any
incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit facility or line of credit),
the making of any Restricted Payment, the obtaining of any Incremental Commitment, or the incurrence of any Incremental Loan, that by
the terms of this Agreement requires a financial ratio or test to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis or after giving Pro
Forma Effect.

Springing Maturity
Date means, at any time, the maturity date of any Early Maturing Debt.

Subject Guarantor
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.17.

Subordination Agreement
means a subordination agreement among the Administrative Agent and one or more representatives for the holders of subordinated Indebtedness,
in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower. Wherever in this Agreement a representative
is required to become party to the Subordination Agreement, if the related subordinated Indebtedness is the initial subordinated Indebtedness
incurred by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, then the Lead Borrower and/or such Restricted Subsidiary, the Holdcos (if
applicable), the Subsidiary Guarantors (if applicable), the Administrative Agent and the representative for such subordinated Indebtedness
shall execute and deliver the Subordination Agreement and the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to execute and deliver the Subordination
Agreement.

50

Subsidiary
of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which (i) a majority
of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other
than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned,
(ii) more than half of the issued share capital is at the time beneficially owned or (iii) the management of which is otherwise
controlled, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references
herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Lead Borrower.

Subsidiary Guarantor
means any Guarantor other than the Holdcos.

Super HoldCo Credit
Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2023 (as amended and in effect on the Closing
Date) by and among, Topco, LuxCo Finance, the lenders party thereto, the guarantors party thereto and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as administrative
agent and collateral agent for the lenders thereunder.

Super HoldCo Foreign
Guarantors means, collectively, Trinseo Belgium B.V. (Belgium), Trinseo Operating Belgium B.V. (Belgium), Trinseo Deutschland
GmbH (Germany), Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft GmbH (Germany), Trinseo Deutschland RE GP GmbH (Germany), Trinseo Deutschland
RE GmbH & Co. KG (Germany), PT Trinseo Materials Indonesia (Indonesia), PT Trinseo Operating Indonesia (Indonesia), Taiwan Trinseo
Limited (Taiwan) and Trinseo Europe.

Super HoldCo Obligations
means Obligations, as such term is defined in the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement and the Super HoldCo Second Lien Notes
Indenture, as applicable.

Super HoldCo Second
Lien Notes means the 7.625% second lien senior secured notes due 2029 issued pursuant to the Super HoldCo Second Lien Notes
Indenture in an aggregate principal amount equal to $379,494,400.

Super HoldCo Second
Lien Notes Indenture means that certain Indenture, dated as of January 17, 2025, by and among LuxCo Finance, Trinseo
NA Finance SPV LLC, the Guarantors party thereto, The Bank of New York Mellon as trustee and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent.

Super HoldCo Second
Lien Notes Trustee means The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee under the Super HoldCo Second Lien Notes Indenture.

Supermajority Required
Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Revolving Credit Lenders under the Revolving Credit Commitments (including,
for purposes of this definition of Supermajority Required Lenders any (x) Extended Revolving Credit Commitments in
respect thereof, (y) Incremental Commitments and (z) Refinancing Commitments in respect thereof) having more than 75% of the
sum of the (a) Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans and all L/C Obligations (with the aggregate Dollar
Amount of each Lenders risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held
by such Lender for purposes of this definition) under the Revolving Credit Commitments and (b) aggregate unused Revolving Credit
Commitments; provided that unused Revolving Credit Commitments of, and the portion of the Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit
Loans, Swing Line Loans and all L/C Obligations held, or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making
a determination of Required Lenders.

Superpriority Intercreditor
Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025, among the Collateral Agent, Deutsche
Bank AG New York Branch, as collateral agent under the Junior Existing Credit Agreement, Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent under
the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent under the Super HoldCo Second Lien Notes Indenture.

51

Superpriority Lien
Net Leverage Ratio means, on any date of determination for any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Superpriority
Lien Net Debt as of the last day of such Test Period to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period.

Supplemental Agent
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.13(a) and Supplemental Agents shall have the corresponding meaning.

Supplier
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(i).

Supported QFC
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.23.

Swap
means any agreement, contract, or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity
Exchange Act.

Swap Contract
means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity
swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps
or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange
transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions,
currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options
to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any
and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any
form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange
Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement),
including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.

Swap Obligation
means, with respect to any person, any obligation to pay or perform under any Swap.

Swap Termination
Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable
netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out
and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date
referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined
based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which
may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).

Swedish Bankruptcy
Act has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03(b)(i).

Swedish Business
Mortgage means the Swedish law governed business mortgage (Sw. fretagshypotek) to be provided by Trinseo Sverige
AB (registration number 556760-4664) under a Collateral Document governed by Swedish law.

Swedish Companies
Act has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02(b)(ii).

Swedish Guarantor means a
Guarantor incorporated in Sweden.

Swedish Security
means any security interest created under the Collateral Documents which is governed by and/or perfected in accordance with Swedish law.

Swing Line Borrowing
means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.04.

52

Swing Line Facility
means the swing line loan facility made available by the Swing Line Lenders pursuant to Section 2.04.

Swing Line Lender
means DBNY, in its capacity as provider of Swing Line Loans or any successor swing line lender hereunder; provided that, if any
Extension or Extensions of Revolving Credit Commitments is or are effected in accordance with Section 2.18, then on the occurrence
of each L/C Issuer/Swing Line Termination Date, the Swing Line Lender at such time shall have the right to resign as Swing Line Lender
on, or on any date within twenty (20) Business Days after, the respective L/C Issuer/Swing Line Termination Date, in each case upon not
less than ten (10) days prior written notice thereof to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent and, in the event
of any such resignation and upon the effectiveness thereof, the Borrowers shall repay any outstanding Swing Line Loans made by the respective
entity so resigning and such entity shall not be required to make any further Swing Line Loans hereunder. If at any time and for any
reason (including as a result of resignations as contemplated by the proviso to the preceding sentence), the Swing Line Lender has resigned
in such capacity in accordance with the preceding sentence, then no Person shall be the Swingline Lender hereunder obligated to make
Swing Line Loans unless and until (and only for so long as) a Lender (or affiliate of a Lender) reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the Lead Borrower agrees to act as the Swing Line Lender hereunder.

Swing Line Loan
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(a).

Swing Line Loan
Notice means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b), which, if in writing, shall be substantially
in the form of Exhibit B.

Swing Line Note
means a promissory note of the Borrowers payable to any Swing Line Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit C-3
hereto, evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Swing Line Lender resulting from the Swing Line Loans.

Swing Line Obligations
means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Line Loans outstanding.

Swing Line Sublimit
means an amount equal to $0. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Commitments.

Swiss Federal Tax
Administration means the tax authorities referred to in article 34 of the Federal Act on Anticipatory Tax of 13 October 1965
(Bundesgesetz ber die Verrechnungssteuer).

Swiss Guarantor
means a Guarantor incorporated in Switzerland.

Swiss Security
means any Lien created under a Collateral Document which is governed by Swiss law.

Swiss Withholding
Tax any withholding tax in accordance with the Federal Act on Anticipatory Tax of 13 October 1965 (Bundesgesetz ber
die Verrechnungssteuer).

T2 means
the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system.

TARGET Day
means any day on which T2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative
Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for settlement of payments in Euro.

53

Taxes
means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees
or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, addition to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term SOFR
means:

(1)for
any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on
the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided however
that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable
tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published
by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate
for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is
not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and

(2)for
any calculation with respect to an Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such
day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior
to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided however that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published
by the Term SOFR Administrator, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator
on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by
the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day.

Term SOFR Adjustment
means 0.11448% (11.448 basis points) for an Interest Period of one-months duration, 0.26161% (26.161 basis points) for an Interest
Period of three-months duration, and 0.42826% (42.826 basis points) for an Interest Period of six-months duration.

Term SOFR Administrator
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate (or a successor administrator of the
Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and in consultation with the Lead Borrower).

Term SOFR Reference
Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Test Period
means, for any date of determination under this Agreement, the four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Lead Borrower most recently
ended as of such date of determination.

Threshold Amount
means $40,000,000.

Topco
means Trinseo Public Limited Company, a public limited company incorporated in Ireland, with registered number 562693.

Topco Projections
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01.

54

Total Assets
means the total assets of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP,
as shown on the most recent balance sheet of the Lead Borrower delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) (and,
in the case of any determination relating to any incurrence of Indebtedness or any Investment or other acquisition, on a Pro Forma Basis
including any property or assets being acquired in connection therewith) or, for the period prior to the time any such statements are
so delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), the Pro Forma Financial Statements.

Total Outstandings
means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations.

tranche
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a).

Transaction Expenses
means any fees or expenses incurred or paid by the Holdcos, the Lead Borrower or any of its (or their) Subsidiaries in connection with
the Transactions (including expenses in connection with hedging transactions), this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.

Transactions
means, collectively, the 2025 Transactions.

Treasury Services
Agreement means any agreement between the Lead Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and any Hedge Bank relating
to treasury, depository, credit card, debit card and cash management services or automated clearinghouse transfer of funds or any similar
services, including the Existing Treasury Services Agreements.

Trinseo Europe
means Trinseo Europe GmbH, a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung), having its registered office at
Gwattstrasse 15, 8808 Pfffikon SZ, Switzerland, registered with the commercial register of the Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland, under
number CHE-114.396.041.

Trust Property
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01(k).

Type
means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Benchmark Rate Loan.

UK Financial Institution
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.22.

UK Resolution Authority
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.22.

Uniform Commercial
Code or UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may from time to time be in effect in the State of
New York or the Uniform Commercial Code (or similar code or statute) of another jurisdiction, to the extent it may be required to apply
to any item or items of Collateral.

United States
and U.S. mean the United States of America.

Unreimbursed Amount
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c)(i).

Unrestricted Subsidiary
means each Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower listed on Schedule 1.01D as of the Closing Date.

UnSub Designation
Transactions has the meaning given to such term in the 2025 Transaction Support Agreement.

U.S. Government
Securities Business Days means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for
purposes of trading in United States government securities.

55

U.S. Pledged Accounts
has the meaning specified in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

U.S. Special Resolution
Regimes has the meaning set forth in Section 11.23.

USA PATRIOT Act
means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001,
Public Law 107-56.

VAT
means (a) any tax imposed in compliance with the Council Directive of November 28, 2006 on the common system of value added
tax (EC Directive 2006/112) and (b) any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in a member state of the European Union in
substitution for, or levied in addition to, such tax referred to in clause (a) above, or imposed elsewhere.

Weighted Average
Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (i) the
sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the amount of each then remaining scheduled installment, sinking fund, serial maturity
or other required scheduled payments of principal, including payment at final scheduled maturity, in respect thereof, by (b) the
number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (ii) the
then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; provided, that the effects of any prepayments made on such Indebtedness
shall be disregarded in making such calculation.

wholly owned
means, with respect to a Subsidiary of a Person, a Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Equity Interests of which (other
than (x) directors qualifying shares and (y) shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable
Law) are owned by such Person and/or by one or more wholly owned Subsidiaries of such Person.

Write-Down and
Conversion Powers has the meaning set forth in Section 11.22.

Section 1.02Luxembourg
Terms. Without prejudice to the generality of any provision of this Agreement, in this Agreement
where it relates to a Luxembourg Loan Party, a reference to:

(a)a
winding-up, administration or dissolution includes, without limitation, bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, liquidation, administrative
dissolution without liquidation (dissolution administrative sans liquidation), moratorium or reprieve from payment (sursis
de paiement), fraudulent conveyance (actio pauliana), general settlement with creditors, reorganization or similar laws affecting
the rights of creditors generally;

(b)a
liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar officer includes,
without limitation, a juge dlgu, commissaire, juge-commissaire, mandataire ad
hoc, administrateur, provisoire, liquidateur or curateur and any other person performing the same function
of each of the foregoing;

(c)a
lien or security interest includes any hypothque, nantissement, gage, privilge, sret
relle, droit de retention, and any type of security in rem (sret relle) or agreement
or arrangement having a similar effect and any transfer of title by way of security;

(d)a
person being unable to pay its debts includes that person being in a state of cessation de paiements;

(e)a
person being insolvent include that person being in a state of cessation of payments (cessation de paiements) and
having lost or meeting the criteria to lose its commercial creditworthiness (branlement de crdit);

56

(f)a
guarantee includes any garantie which is independent from the debt to which it relates and excludes any suretyship (cautionnement)
within the meaning of Articles 2011 and seq. of the Luxembourg Civil Code;

(g)gross
negligence is a reference to faute lourde and wilful misconduct is a reference to faute dolosive/dol;

(h)an
attachment or similar creditors' process includes an executory attachment (saisie excutoire) or conservatory attachment
(saisie conservatoire);

(i)a
director or manager includes an administrateur and a grant;

(j)a
board of directors or a board of managers includes a conseil d'administration and a conseil de grance;

(k)an
agent includes, without limitation, a mandataire;

(l)shares
or Equity Interests include actions and parts sociales;

(m)by-laws
or constitutional documents includes (a) its up-to-date (restated) articles of association (statuts coordonnes),
and (b) an extract from the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (RCS).

Section 1.03Swedish
Terms.

(a)Notwithstanding
any other provisions in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, the sale, lease, transfer or disposal of any Collateral
subject to, or the release of, any Swedish Security which has been or should have been duly perfected in accordance with the terms of
the relevant Collateral Document shall always be subject to the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent, such consent to be granted
at the Collateral Agents sole discretion on a case by case basis.

(b)Without
prejudice to the generality of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in this Agreement where it relates to a person
established or incorporated in Sweden or governed by Swedish law or the context so requires, a reference to:

(i)its
Organization Documents includes its certificate of registration (registreringsbevis) and its articles of association
(bolagsordning) as in force from time to time;

(ii)a
composition or arrangement with any creditor includes (A) any write-down of debt (Sw. skulduppgrelse)
following from any procedure of fretagsrekonstruktion under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. Lag om
fretagsrekonstruktion (2022:964)) (the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act), or (B) any write-down
of debt in bankruptcy (Sw. ackord i konkurs) under the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. Konkurslag (1987:672)) (the Swedish
Bankruptcy Act);

(iii)a
trustee, liquidator, receiver, compulsory manager, administrative receiver
or administrator includes (A) rekonstruktr under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act, (B) konkursfrvaltare
under the Swedish Bankruptcy Act, or (C) likvidator under the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslag (2005:551))
(the Swedish Companies Act);

57

(iv)a
merger, consolidation or amalgamation includes any fusion implemented in accordance
with Chapter 23 of the Swedish Companies Act and a demerger includes any delning implemented in accordance with
Chapter 24 of the Swedish Companies Act;

(v)a
winding-up, administration or dissolution includes frivillig likvidation or tvngslikvidation
under Chapter 25 of the Swedish Companies Act, a bankruptcy includes a konkurs under the Swedish Bankruptcy
Act and a company restructuring includes a fretagsrekonstruktion under the Swedish Company Reorganisation
Act;

(vi)a
guarantee includes any garanti under Swedish law which is independent from the debt to which it relates and
any borgen under Swedish law which is accessory to or dependant on the debt to which it relates;

(vii)gross
negligence means grov vrdslsthet under Swedish law; and

(viii)an
insolvency includes insolvens under the Swedish Bankruptcy Act, any konkurs under the Swedish
Bankruptcy Act, fretagsrekonstruktion under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act or tvngslikvidation
under Chapter 25 of the Swedish Companies Act.

(c)If
any party to this Agreement that is incorporated in Sweden (the Obligated Party) is required by this Agreement or
any other Loan Document to hold an amount of money on trust on behalf of another party (the Beneficiary), the Obligated
Party shall hold such money as agent for the Beneficiary on a separate account in accordance with the Swedish Funds Accounting Act (Sw.
Lag om redovisningsmedel (1944:181)).

(d)Any
transfer by novation in accordance with the Loan Documents, shall, as regards any Liens governed by Swedish law and obligations owed
by a Swedish Guarantor, be deemed to take effect as an assignment and assumption or transfer of such Liens and each such assignment and
assumption or transfer shall be in relation to the proportionate part of the security interests granted under the relevant Swedish law
governed Collateral Document.

Section 1.04Other
Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document,
unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document:

(a)The
meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms.

(b)The
words herein, hereto, hereof and hereunder and words of similar import when used
in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof.

(c)Article,
Section, Exhibit and Schedule references are to the Loan Document in which such reference appears.

(d)The
term including is by way of example and not limitation.

(e)The
term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements
and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form.

(f)In
the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and
including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through
means to and including.

58

(g)Section headings
herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this
Agreement or any other Loan Document.

Section 1.05Accounting
Terms. (a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall
be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be
submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein.

(b)Notwithstanding
any changes in GAAP after the Closing Date, any lease of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries that would be characterized as an operating
lease under GAAP in effect on the Closing Date (whether such lease is entered into before or after the Closing Date) shall not constitute
Indebtedness or Attributable Indebtedness under this Agreement or any other Loan Document as a result of such changes in GAAP.

Section 1.06Rounding.
Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Lead Borrower pursuant to this Agreement (or required to be satisfied in order
for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement) shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component,
carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or
down to the nearest number (with a rounding up if there is no nearest number).

Section 1.07References
to Agreements, Laws, Etc. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references
to Organization Documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all
subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments,
restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are permitted by the Loan Documents; and (b) references to any Law
shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law.

Section 1.08Times
of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references
to United States Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable).

Section 1.09Timing
of Payment of Performance. When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any
covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment
(other than as described in the definition of Interest Period) or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day.

Section 1.10Pro
Forma Calculations.

(a)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, financial ratios and tests, including the Superpriority Lien Net Leverage Ratio and compliance with
covenants determined by reference to Consolidated EBITDA or Total Assets, shall be calculated in the manner prescribed by this Section 1.10;
provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in clauses (a), (c), (d) or (e) of this Section 1.10, (A) when
calculating any such ratio or test for purposes of (i) [reserved], (ii) [reserved] and (iii) Section 7.11 (other
than for the purpose of determining Pro Forma Compliance with the Financial Covenants in Section 7.11), the events described in
this Section 1.10 that occurred subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period shall not be given pro forma effect and
(B) when calculating any such ratio or test for purposes of the incurrence of any Indebtedness, cash and Cash Equivalents resulting
from the incurrence of any such Indebtedness shall be excluded from the pro forma calculation of any applicable ratio or test.
In addition, whenever a financial ratio or test is to be calculated on a pro forma basis, the reference to the Test Period
for purposes of calculating such financial ratio or test shall be deemed to be a reference to, and shall be based on, the most recently
ended Test Period for which internal financial statements of Topco are available (as determined in good faith by the Lead Borrower) (it
being understood that for purposes of determining pro forma compliance with Section 7.11, if no Test Period with an applicable
level cited in Section 7.11 has passed, the applicable level shall be the level for the first Test Period cited in Section 7.11
with an indicated level). For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of the foregoing sentence shall not apply for purposes of calculating
any financial ratio or test for purposes of (i) [reserved], (ii) [reserved] and (iii) Section 7.11 (other than for
the purpose of determining Pro Forma Compliance with Section 7.11), each of which shall be based on the financial statements delivered
pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), as applicable, for the relevant Test Period.

59

(b)For
purposes of calculating any financial ratio or test or compliance with any covenant determined by reference to Consolidated EBITDA or
Total Assets, Specified Transactions (with any incurrence or repayment of any Indebtedness in connection therewith to be subject to clause (d) of
this Section 1.10) that have been made (i) during the applicable Test Period or (ii) unless not applicable as described
in clause (a) of this Section 1.10, subsequent to such Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which
the calculation of any such ratio is made, shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming that all such Specified Transactions
(and any increase or decrease in Consolidated EBITDA, Total Assets and the component financial definitions used therein attributable
to any Specified Transaction) had occurred on the first day of the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Total Assets, on the last
day of the applicable Test Period). If since the beginning of any applicable Test Period any Person that subsequently became a Restricted
Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries since the
beginning of such Test Period shall have made any Specified Transaction that would have required adjustment pursuant to this Section 1.10,
then such financial ratio or test (or Total Assets) shall be calculated to give pro forma effect thereto in accordance with this
Section 1.10.

(c)Whenever
pro forma effect is to be given to a Specified Transaction, the pro forma calculations shall be made in good faith by a
responsible financial or accounting officer of the Lead Borrower and may include, for the avoidance of doubt, the amount of run-rate
cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies resulting from or relating to any Specified Transaction (including the Transactions)
which is being given pro forma effect that have been realized or are expected to be realized and for which the actions necessary
to realize such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies are taken, committed to be taken (in good faith determination
of the Lead Borrower) (calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies
had been realized on the first day of such period and as if such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies were realized
during the entirety of such period and run-rate means the full recurring benefit for a period that is associated with any
action taken, committed to be taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken (including
any savings expected to result from the elimination of a public targets Public Company Costs) net of the amount of actual benefits
realized during such period from such actions, and any such adjustments shall be included in the initial pro forma calculations
of any financial ratios or tests (and in respect of any subsequent pro forma calculations in which such Specified Transaction
is given pro forma effect) and during any applicable subsequent Test Period in which the effects thereof are expected to be realized)
relating to such Specified Transaction; provided that (A) such amounts are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable
in the good faith judgment of the Lead Borrower, (B) such actions are taken, committed to be taken or with respect to which substantial
steps have been taken or are expected to be taken no later than eighteen (18) months after the date of such Specified Transaction, and
(C) no amounts shall be added pursuant to this clause (c) to the extent (1) duplicative of any amounts that are otherwise
added back in computing Consolidated EBITDA (or any other components thereof), whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise,
with respect to such period or (2) constituting revenue synergies.

60

(d)In
the event that the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurs (including by assumption or guarantees) or repays (including by
redemption, repayment, retirement or extinguishment) any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving
credit facility unless such Indebtedness has been permanently repaid and not replaced), (i) during the applicable Test Period or
(ii) subject to clause (a) of this Section 1.10, subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period and prior
to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made, then such financial ratio or test shall be calculated
giving pro forma effect to such incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, in each case to the extent required, as if the same had
occurred on the last day of the applicable Test Period, in which case such incurrence, assumption, guarantee, redemption, repayment,
retirement or extinguishment of Indebtedness will be given effect as if the same had occurred on the first day of the applicable Test
Period.

(e)In
connection with any action being taken in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of:

(i)determining
compliance with any provision of this Agreement (other than the Financial Covenants) which requires the calculation of any financial
ratio or test, including the Superpriority Lien Net Leverage Ratio; or

(ii)testing
availability under baskets set forth in this Agreement (including baskets determined by reference to Consolidated EBITDA or Total Assets);

in each case, at the option of the Lead Borrower
(the Lead Borrowers election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCT Election),
the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted hereunder shall be deemed to be the date the definitive agreements
for such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into (the LCT Test Date), and if, after giving Pro Forma Effect
to the Limited Condition Transaction (and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith), the Lead Borrower or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries would have been permitted to take such action on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such ratio,
test or basket, such ratio, test or basket shall be deemed to have been complied with. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Lead Borrower
has made an LCT Election and any of the ratios, tests or baskets for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date
would have failed to have been complied with as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio, test or basket, including due to fluctuations
in Consolidated EBITDA or Total Assets of the Lead Borrower or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction, at or prior
to the consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such baskets, tests or ratios will not be deemed to have failed to have been
complied with as a result of such fluctuations. If the Lead Borrower has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Transaction,
then in connection with any calculation of any ratio, test or basket availability with respect to the incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens,
the making of Restricted Payments, the making of any Permitted Investment, mergers, the conveyance, lease or other transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Lead Borrower, the prepayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or other satisfaction of Indebtedness
(each, a Subsequent Transaction) following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which
such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement or irrevocable notice for such Limited Condition
Transaction is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of determining whether
such Subsequent Transaction is permitted under this Agreement, any such ratio, test or basket shall be required to be satisfied on a
Pro Forma Basis (i) assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence
of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated and (ii) assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and
other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have not been consummated.

61

(f)Interest
on a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of the
Lead Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. Interest on Indebtedness
that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a London interbank offered rate,
or other rate, shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen
as the Lead Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary may designate.

Section 1.11Currency
Equivalents. For purposes of any computation determining compliance with any incurrence
or expenditure tests set forth in Article VI and Article VII (excluding Section 7.11) or any definitions
contained in Section 1.01, any amounts so incurred, expended or utilized (to the extent incurred, expended or utilized in
a currency other than Dollars) shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the Exchange Rate (or on such other basis as is reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) as in effect on the date of such incurrence, expenditure or utilization under any provision
of any such Section or definition that has an aggregate Dollar limitation provided for therein (and to the extent the respective
incurrence, expenditure or utilization test regulates the aggregate amount outstanding at any time and it is expressed in terms of Dollars,
all outstanding amounts originally incurred or spent in currencies other than Dollars shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of
the Exchange Rate (or on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) as in effect on the date of any
new incurrence, expenditure or utilization made under any provision of any such Section that regulates the Dollar amount outstanding
at any time).

Section 1.12Exchange
Rate. (a) Not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York, New York time), on each Calculation
Date, the Administrative Agent shall (i) determine the Exchange Rate as of such Calculation Date and (ii) give notice thereof
to the Lead Borrower. The Exchange Rates so determined shall become effective on the first Business Day immediately following the relevant
Calculation Date (a Reset Date) or other date of determination, shall remain effective until the next succeeding
Reset Date, and shall for all purposes of Section 2.03 be the Exchange Rates employed in converting any amounts between Dollars
and an Alternative Currency (or any other currency other than Dollars).

(b)Not
later than 5:00 p.m. (New York, New York time), on each Reset Date, the Administrative Agent shall (i) determine the Outstanding
Amount of the L/C Obligations and (ii) notify the Revolving Credit Lenders, each L/C Issuer and the Lead Borrower of the results
of such determination.

Section 1.13Additional
Alternative Currencies. (a) The Borrowers may from time to time request that Letters
of Credit be issued in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency; provided
that such requested currency is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible
into Dollars. In the case of any such request, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the relevant
L/C Issuer.

(b)Any
such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York, New York time), fifteen (15) Business
Days prior to the date of the desired L/C Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and
the L/C Issuer, in their sole discretion). The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the relevant L/C Issuer thereof. The relevant
L/C Issuer shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York, New York time), seven (7) Business Days
after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency.

(c)Any
failure by the relevant L/C Issuer to respond to such request within the time period specified in preceding clause (b) of this
Section 1.13 shall be deemed to be a refusal by such L/C Issuer to permit Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested
currency. If the Administrative Agent and the relevant L/C Issuer each consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested
currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Lead Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to
be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Letter of Credit issued by the relevant L/C Issuer. If the Administrative Agent
shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.13, the Administrative Agent
shall promptly so notify the Lead Borrower.

62

Section 1.14Cashless
Settlement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Lender
may exchange, continue, convert or rollover all or any portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, replacement, extension,
loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved
by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and such Lender.

Section 1.15Rates.
The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not
have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter
related to Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition
thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto, including whether the composition or characteristics of any such
alternative, successor or replacement rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same
volume or liquidity as, Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the
effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities
may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor
or replacement rate or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent
may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term
SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrowers, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including
direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise
and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information
source or service.

Section 1.16Finnish
Provisions. In this Agreement and/or any other Loan Document where it relates to a party
incorporated under the laws of Finland (a Finnish Party) or a matter of Finnish law or any security interest created
by any Collateral Document governed by Finnish law (Finnish Collateral):

(a)if
a Finnish Party is required to hold an amount on trust on behalf of another party (the "Relevant Beneficiary"), the
Finnish Party shall hold such money as agent for the Relevant Beneficiary in a separate account and shall promptly pay or transfer the
same to the Relevant Beneficiary or as the Relevant Beneficiary may direct;

(b)any
transfer by novation in accordance with this Agreement or other Loan Documents shall, in relation to any Finnish Collateral and obligations
owed by a Finnish Party, take effect as a transfer (siirto) and assumption of such Finnish Collateral and each such transfer shall
include a proportionate part of the security interests granted under the Collateral Document governed by Finnish law;

(c)notwithstanding
any other provisions in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, the Disposition or other release of any Finnish Collateral
which has been or should have been duly perfected in accordance with the terms of the relevant Collateral Document (including a merger,
demerger or liquidation of any Finnish Party the shares of which are constitute Finnish Collateral) shall always be subject to the prior
written consent of the Collateral Agent, such consent to be granted at the Collateral Agents sole discretion on a case by case
basis; and

63

(d)any
reference to:

(i)insolvency
includes a yrityssaneeraus or konkurssimenettely under the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (Fi: konkurssilaki, 120/2004,
as amended) or the Finnish Reorganisation Act (Fi: laki yrityksen saneerauksesta, 47/1993, as amended) (as the case may be);

(ii)a
liquidator, statutory manager, receiver, trustee,
administrative receiver or administrator includes a pesnhoitaja, selvittj,
valvoja and selvitysmies under Finnish law, as applicable;

(iii)merger,
amalgamation or consolidation includes any sulautuminen implemented in accordance with
Chapter 16 of the Finnish Companies Act (Fi: osakeyhtilaki, 624/2006, as amended) and demerger includes
any jakautuminen implemented in accordance with Chapter 17 of the Finnish Companies Act (Fi: osakeyhtilaki, 624/2006,
as amended);

(iv)a
winding up, administration or dissolution includes any declaration of
bankruptcy (asetettu konkurssiin) or dissolution (asetettu selvitystilaan) as well as a selvitystila, purkaminen
or rekisterist poistaminen under Chapter 20 of the Finnish Companies Act (Fi: osakeyhtilaki, 624/2006,
as amended);

(v)attachment
includes a takavarikko and/or any other turvaamistoimi granted in accordance with Finnish law;

(vi)gross
negligence means trke tuottamus under Finnish law;

(vii)distribution
includes payment of group contribution (Fi: konserniavustus) and distributions from the invested unrestricted equity fund (Fi:
sijoitetun vapaan oman poman rahasto); and

(viii)Organization
Documents includes kaupparekisteriote and yhtijrjestys.

Section 1.172025
Transactions. Each Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that the 2025 Transactions, whether
consummated prior to, on or after the Closing Date, shall be and are permitted under the provisions of this Agreement and each other
Loan Document.

Article II

The
Commitments and Credit Extensions

Section 2.01The
Loans.

(a)[Reserved]

(b)The
Revolving Credit Borrowings. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees
to make Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars or Euros as elected by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.02 to the
Borrowers from its applicable Lending Office from time to time, on any Business Day during the period from the Effective Date until the
Maturity Date, in an aggregate Dollar Amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lenders Revolving Credit
Commitment; provided that after giving effect to any Revolving Credit Borrowing the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving
Credit Loans of any Lender, plus such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus
such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lenders Revolving
Credit Commitment. Within the limits of each Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments, and subject to the other terms and conditions
hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.01(b), prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this
Section 2.01(b) until the Maturity Date. Revolving Credit Loans may be Base Rate Loans (if denominated in Dollars) or
Benchmark Rate Loans, as further provided herein.

64

Section 2.02Borrowings,
Conversions and Continuations of Loans. (a) Each Revolving Credit Borrowing, each
conversion of Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans shall be made upon the
Lead Borrowers irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received
by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:30 p.m. (New York, New York time, in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars,
or London time, in the case of any Borrowing denominated in Euros) (i) three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date
of any Borrowing of or conversion of Base Rate Loans to Benchmark Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, (ii) three (3) Business
Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans denominated in Euros and (iii) one (1) Business
Day before the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or conversion of Benchmark Rate Loans denominated in Dollars to Base
Rate Loans. Each telephonic notice by the Lead Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must be confirmed promptly
by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer
of the Lead Borrower. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans shall be in a minimum Dollar Amount of
$1,000,000 or a whole multiple of a Dollar Amount of $250,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Section 2.03(c) or
Section 2.04(c), each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a minimum Dollar Amount of $500,000 or a
whole multiple of a Dollar Amount of $100,000 in excess thereof. Each Committed Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify
(i) whether the Borrowers are requesting a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a conversion of Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the
other, or a continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case
may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) in
the case of Revolving Credit Loans, the currency in which the Revolving Credit Loans to be borrowed are to be denominated, (v) the
Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Revolving Credit Loans (which in the case of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in
Euros shall be Benchmark Rate Loans) are to be converted and (vi) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect
thereto. If (x) with respect to Benchmark Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, the Lead Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in
a Committed Loan Notice or if the Lead Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable
Class of Revolving Credit Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans or (y) with respect to Benchmark Rate Loans
denominated in Euros, the Lead Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a continuation, then the applicable Class of Revolving
Credit Loans shall be continued as Benchmark Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one month. Any such automatic conversion pursuant
to the immediately preceding sentence shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the
applicable Benchmark Rate Loans. If the Lead Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans
in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period (or fails to give a timely notice requesting a continuation
of Benchmark Rate Loans denominated in Euros), it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one (1) month. If no currency
is specified, the requested Borrowing shall be in Dollars.

65

(b)Following
receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Pro Rata Share of
the applicable Class of Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Lead Borrower, the Administrative
Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation described in Section 2.02(a).
In the case of each Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in the
applicable currency in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agents Office not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York, New York time)
in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, and not later than 1:00 p.m. (London time) in the case of any Loan denominated in
Euros, in each case, on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. The Administrative Agent shall make all funds
so received available to the Borrowers in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account(s) of
the Borrowers on the books of the Administrative Agent with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each
case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Lead Borrower; provided
that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing is given by the Lead Borrower, there are Swing Line
Loans or L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing shall be applied, first, to the payment in full of any such
L/C Borrowing, second, to the payment in full of any such Swing Line Loans, and third, to the Lead Borrower as provided above (it being
understood that if such Borrowing is of Benchmark Rate Loans denominated in Euros, the Lead Borrower will be deemed to have requested
that a portion of such Borrowing in an amount equal to the aggregate Swing Line Loans or L/C Borrowings that are to be repaid in accordance
with this proviso be denominated in Dollars, and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Appropriate Lender of such amount).

(c)Except
as otherwise provided herein, a Benchmark Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such
Benchmark Rate Loan unless the Borrowers pay the amount due, if any, under Section 3.05 in connection therewith. During the
existence of an Event of Default, at the election of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, no Loans denominated in Dollars
may be requested as, converted to or continued as Benchmark Rate Loans.

(d)The
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for
Benchmark Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. The determination of the Benchmark Rate by the Administrative Agent shall
be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify
the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of any change in the prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following
the public announcement of such change.

(e)After
giving effect to all Revolving Credit Borrowings, all conversions of Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations
of Revolving Credit Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect.

(f)The
failure of any Lender to make the Loan to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation,
if any, hereunder to make its Loan on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender
to make the Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.

(g)Each
Lender may, at its option, make any Loan available to any Borrower by causing any foreign or domestic branch or Affiliate of such Lender
to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of such Borrower to repay such Loan
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject in each case to Sections 3.01 and 3.04 hereof.

66

Section 2.03Letters
of Credit

(a)The
Letter of Credit Commitment.

(i)Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Revolving
Credit Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03, (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from and
including the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit at sight denominated in Dollars or
an Alternative Currency for the account of the Borrowers (provided, that any Letter of Credit may be for the benefit of any Subsidiary
of the Lead Borrower and may be issued for the joint and several account of the Lead Borrower and a Restricted Subsidiary to the extent
otherwise permitted by this Agreement; provided further, to the extent any such Subsidiary is a Non-Loan Party, such Letter of
Credit shall be deemed an Investment in such Subsidiary and shall only be issued so long as it is permitted hereunder) and to amend or
renew Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.03(b), and (2) to honor drafts under the
Letters of Credit and (B) the Participating Revolving Credit Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued
pursuant to this Section 2.03; provided that no L/C Issuer shall be obligated to make any L/C Credit Extension with
respect to any Letter of Credit, and no Lender shall be obligated to participate in any Letter of Credit if as of the date of such L/C
Credit Extension, (x) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Participating Revolving Credit Lender would exceed such Lenders
Participating Revolving Credit Commitment or (y) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations would exceed the Letter of Credit
Sublimit. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Lead Borrowers ability to obtain Letters
of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Lead Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace
Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. All Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be
issued hereunder and shall constitute Letters of Credit subject to the terms hereof.

(ii)An
L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:

(A)any
order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L/C Issuer
from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L/C Issuer or any directive (whether or not having the force of law)
from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or direct that such L/C Issuer refrain from, the
issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer with respect to the
Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not
in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on
the Closing Date (for which such L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder);

(B)subject
to Section 2.03(b)(iii), the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve (12) months (in
the case of standby Letters of Credit) or 180 days (in the case of trade Letters of Credit) after the date of issuance or last renewal,
unless (1) each Appropriate Lender has approved such expiry date or (2) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations in respect
of such requested Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to such
L/C Issuer;

(C)the
expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless (1) each Appropriate
Lender has approved such expiry date or (2) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations in respect of such requested Letter of Credit
has been Cash Collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer and the Administrative
Agent;

(D)such
Letter of Credit would support obligations of the Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any Junior Financing or any Equity
Interest, or any other obligation of the Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries not reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;

67

(E)the
issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate any Laws binding upon such L/C Issuer;

(F)such
Letter of Credit is in an initial Dollar Amount less than $100,000 (unless otherwise agreed by such L/C Issuer and the Administrative
Agent);

(G)any
Participating Revolving Credit Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless such L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements reasonably
satisfactory to it and the Lead Borrower to eliminate such L/C Issuers actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect
to Section 2.19(a)(iv)) with respect to the participation in Letters of Credit by such Defaulting Lender, including by cash
collateralizing such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share of the L/C Obligations; and

(H)such
Letter of Credit is denominated in a currency other than Dollars or an Alternative Currency.

(iii)An
L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) such L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time
to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does
not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the expiry date of any Letter
of Credit denominated in a currency other than Dollars must be approved by the relevant L/C Issuer in its sole discretion even if it
is less than twelve (12) months after the date of issuance or last renewal and any Auto-Extension Letter of Credit denominated in a currency
other than Dollars shall be issued only at the relevant L/C Issuers sole discretion.

(b)Procedures
for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension of Credit. (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended,
as the case may be, upon the request of the Lead Borrower delivered to an L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the
form of a Request for L/C Issuance, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower. Such Request for
L/C Issuance must be received by the relevant L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 12:30 p.m. at least two (2) Business
Days prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be; or, in each case, such later date and time as the
relevant L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in its sole discretion. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a
Letter of Credit, such Request for L/C Issuance shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the relevant L/C Issuer:
(a) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (b) the amount thereof; (c) the
expiry date thereof; (d) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (e) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary
in case of any drawing thereunder; (f) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing
thereunder; (g) the currency (which shall be Dollars or an Alternative Currency) in which the requested Letter of Credit is to be
issued will be denominated; and (h) such other matters as the relevant L/C Issuer may reasonably request. In the case of a request
for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Request for L/C Issuance shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory
to the relevant L/C Issuer (1) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (2) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall
be a Business Day); (3) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (4) such other matters as the relevant L/C Issuer may reasonably
request.

(ii)Promptly
after receipt of any Request for L/C Issuance, the relevant L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in
writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Request for L/C Issuance from the Lead Borrower and, if not, such
L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Upon receipt by the relevant L/C Issuer of confirmation from the
Administrative Agent that the requested issuance or amendment is permitted in accordance with the terms hereof, then, subject to the
terms and conditions hereof, such L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrowers
(and, if applicable, its applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be. Immediately upon the issuance
of each Letter of Credit, each Participating Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees
to, purchase from the relevant L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lenders
Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided under this Agreement times the stated amount of such Letter of Credit.

68

(iii)If
the Lead Borrower so requests in any applicable Request for L/C Issuance, the relevant L/C Issuer shall agree to issue a Letter of Credit
that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit); provided that any such
Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the relevant L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve (12) month
period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than
a day (the Non-extension Notice Date) in each such twelve (12) month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter
of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the relevant L/C Issuer, the Lead Borrower shall not be required to make a specific
request to the relevant L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall
be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the relevant L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time
to an expiry date that is, unless the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations in respect of such requested Letter of Credit has been Cash
Collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to the relevant L/C Issuer, not later than the Letter of
Credit Expiration Date; provided that the relevant L/C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the relevant L/C
Issuer has determined that it would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its extended form under the terms
hereof (by reason of the provisions of Section 2.03(a)(ii) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which
may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five (5) Business Days before the Non-extension Notice Date from
the Administrative Agent, any Participating Revolving Credit Lender or the Lead Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions
specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied.

(iv)Promptly
after issuance of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit, the relevant L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Lead
Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment.

(c)Drawings
and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations. (i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice
of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the relevant L/C Issuer shall notify promptly the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent
thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the second Business Day following any payment by the relevant L/C Issuer under a Letter of
Credit with notice to the Lead Borrower (each such date, an Honor Date), the Lead Borrower shall reimburse such
L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing in Dollars (determined, for purposes of
any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, using the Dollar Equivalent (determined using the Exchange Rate calculated
as of the date when such payment is due) of such drawing), provided that if such reimbursement is not made on the date of drawing,
the Lead Borrower shall pay interest to the relevant L/C Issuer on such amount at the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans under the applicable
Participating Revolving Credit Commitments (without duplication of interest payable on L/C Borrowings). The L/C Issuer shall notify the
Lead Borrower of the Dollar Amount of the drawing promptly following the determination or revaluation thereof. If the Lead Borrower fails
to so reimburse such L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the Honor Date,
the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (determined, for purposes of any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, using
the Dollar Equivalent (determined using the Exchange Rate calculated as of the date when such payment was due) of such unreimbursed drawing)
(such amount, the Unreimbursed Amount), and the amount of such Appropriate Lenders Pro Rata Share thereof.
In such event, the Lead Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on
the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02
for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Participating Revolving Credit
Commitments of the Appropriate Lenders and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed
Loan Notice). Any notice given by an L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may
be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not
affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice.

69

(ii)Each
Appropriate Lender (including any Lender acting as an L/C Issuer) shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make
funds available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L/C Issuer in Dollars, at the Administrative Agents
Office for payments in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided under this Agreement of the Unreimbursed
Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to
the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii), each Appropriate Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made
a Base Rate Loan under the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments to the Borrowers in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall
remit the funds so received to the relevant L/C Issuer.

(iii)With
respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions
set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have incurred from
the relevant L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall
be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Appropriate Lenders
payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall
be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction
of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03.

(iv)Until
each Appropriate Lender funds its Revolving Credit Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse
the relevant L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lenders Pro Rata Share or
other applicable share provided for under this Agreement of such amount shall be solely for the account of the relevant L/C Issuer.

(v)Each
Participating Revolving Credit Lenders obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse an L/C Issuer for
amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall
not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender
may have against the relevant L/C Issuer, either Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance
of a Default, or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in Article IV; (C) any adverse change
in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Loan Parties; (D) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by either
Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other L/C Issuer; or (E) any other circumstance, occurrence, event or condition, whether or
not similar to any of the foregoing; provided that each Participating Revolving Credit Lenders obligation to make Revolving
Credit Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other
than delivery by the Lead Borrower of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the
obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse the relevant L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by such L/C Issuer under any Letter
of Credit, together with interest as provided herein.

(vi)If
any Participating Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L/C Issuer
any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time
specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii), such L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative
Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such
payment is immediately available to such L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect.
A certificate of the relevant L/C Issuer submitted to any Revolving Credit Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to
any amounts owing under this Section 2.03(c)(vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

70

(d)Repayment
of Participations. If, at any time after an L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Participating
Revolving Credit Lender such Lenders L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c), the
Administrative Agent receives for the account of such L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest
thereon (whether directly from either Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative
Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this
Agreement thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lenders
L/C Advance was outstanding) in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent.

(i)If
any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of an L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is
required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered
into by such L/C Issuer in its discretion), each Appropriate Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such L/C
Issuer its Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent,
plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal
to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect.

(e)Obligations
Absolute. The obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse the relevant L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit issued
by it and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following:

(i)any
lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto;

(ii)the
existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that any Loan Party may have at any time against any beneficiary
or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the relevant
L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of
Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction;

(iii)any
draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient
in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise
of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit;

(iv)any
payment by the relevant L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly
comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the relevant L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person
purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other
representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with
any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law;

71

(v)any
exchange, release or non-perfection of any Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from the Guaranty
or any other guarantee, for all or any of the Obligations of any Loan Party in respect of such Letter of Credit; or

(vi)any
other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might
otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan Party;

provided that the foregoing shall not
excuse any L/C Issuer from liability to the Lead Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential, punitive,
special or exemplary damages, claims in respect of which are waived by the Lead Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Law) suffered
by the Lead Borrower that are caused by such L/C Issuers gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined in a final and non-appealable
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit
comply with the terms thereof.

(f)Role
of L/C Issuers. Each Lender and each Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the relevant L/C Issuer
shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by
the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing
or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuers, any Agent-Related Person nor any of the respective correspondents, participants
or assignees of any L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request
or with the approval of the Lenders or the Lenders holding a majority of the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable;
(ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined in a final and non-appealable
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document
or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Request for L/C Issuance. The Borrowers hereby assume all risks of the acts or omissions
of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided that this assumption is not intended
to, and shall not, preclude either Borrower from pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee
at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuers, any Agent-Related Person, nor any of the respective correspondents, participants
or assignees of any L/C Issuer, shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (vi) of
Section 2.03(e); provided that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, each Borrower may have a
claim against an L/C Issuer, and such L/C Issuer may be liable to each Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct,
as opposed to consequential, punitive or exemplary, damages suffered by either Borrower which such Borrower proves were caused by such
L/C Issuers willful misconduct or gross negligence or such L/C Issuers willful or grossly negligent failure to pay under
any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with
the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit, in each case as determined in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent
jurisdiction. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to
be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and no L/C Issuer
shall be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign
a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective
for any reason.

72

(g)Cash
Collateral. (i) If, as of any Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any applicable Letter of Credit for any reason remains outstanding
and partially or wholly undrawn, (ii) if any Event of Default occurs and is continuing and the Administrative Agent or the Lenders
holding a majority of the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, require the Borrowers to Cash Collateralize the
L/C Obligations pursuant to Section 8.02 or (iii) if an Event of Default set forth under Section 8.01(f) occurs
and is continuing, the Borrowers shall Cash Collateralize the then Outstanding Amount of all of their (or, in the case of clause (i),
the applicable) L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to such Outstanding Amount determined as of the date of such Event of Default or
the applicable Letter of Credit Expiration Date, as the case may be), and shall do so not later than 2:00 P.M., New York City time, on
(x) in the case of the immediately preceding clauses (i) or (ii), (1) the Business Day that the Lead Borrower receives
notice thereof, if such notice is received on such day prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, or (2) if clause (1) above
does not apply, the Business Day immediately following the day that the Lead Borrower receives such notice and (y) in the case of
the immediately preceding clause (iii), the Business Day on which an Event of Default set forth under Section 8.01(f) occurs
or, if such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately succeeding such day. At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting
Lender, immediately upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, the Borrowers shall deliver
to the Administrative Agent Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to cover all Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iv) and
any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). For purposes hereof, Cash Collateralize means to pledge
and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the relevant L/C Issuer and the Appropriate Lenders, as collateral
for the relevant L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances (Cash Collateral) pursuant to documentation in
form, amount and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the relevant L/C Issuer (which documents are hereby
consented to by the Appropriate Lenders). Derivatives of such term have corresponding meanings. The Borrowers hereby grant to the Administrative
Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuers and the Participating Revolving Credit Lenders, a security interest in all such cash, deposit
accounts and all balances therein and all proceeds of the foregoing. Cash Collateral shall be maintained in blocked accounts at the Administrative
Agent and may be invested in readily available Cash Equivalents. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that any funds held
as Cash Collateral are expressly subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured
Parties) or that the total amount of such funds is less than the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all relevant L/C Obligations, the Borrowers
will, forthwith upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay to the Administrative Agent, as additional funds to be deposited and held
in the deposit accounts at the Administrative Agent as aforesaid, an amount equal to the excess of (a) such aggregate Outstanding
Amount over (b) the total amount of funds, if any, then held as Cash Collateral that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines
to be free and clear of any such right and claim. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit for which funds are on deposit as Cash Collateral,
such funds shall be applied, to the extent permitted under applicable Law, to reimburse the relevant L/C Issuer. To the extent the amount
of any Cash Collateral exceeds the then Outstanding Amount of such L/C Obligations and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing, the excess shall be refunded to the Lead Borrower. To the extent any Event of Default giving rise to the requirement to
Cash Collateralize any Letter of Credit pursuant to this Section 2.03(g) is cured or otherwise waived, then so long
as no other Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, all Cash Collateral pledged to Cash Collateralize such Letter of Credit
shall be refunded to the Lead Borrower. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right
or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less
than the applicable Fronting Exposure and other obligations secured thereby, the Borrowers or the relevant Defaulting Lender will, promptly
upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient
to eliminate such deficiency. In addition, the Administrative Agent may request at any time and from time to time after the initial deposit
of Cash Collateral that additional Cash Collateral be provided by the Borrowers in order to protect against the results of exchange rate
fluctuations with respect to Letters of Credit denominated in currencies other than Dollars.

73

(h)Letter
of Credit Fees. The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Participating Revolving Credit Lender
in accordance with its Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement a Letter of Credit fee for each Letter
of Credit issued pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Applicable Margin times the daily maximum amount then available to be drawn
under such Letter of Credit (whether or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit if such maximum amount
increases periodically pursuant to the terms of such Letter of Credit); provided, however, any Letter of Credit fees otherwise
payable for the account of Defaulting Lender with respect to any Letter of Credit as to which such Defaulting Lender has not provided
Cash Collateral satisfactory to the L/C Issuer pursuant to this Section 2.03 shall be payable, to the maximum extent permitted
by applicable Law, to the other Lenders in accordance with the upward adjustments in their respective Pro Rata Shares allocable to such
Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.19(a)(iv), with the balance of such fee, if any, payable to the L/C Issuer for its
own account. Such Letter of Credit fees shall be computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such Letter of Credit fees shall be due and
payable in Dollars on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to
occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the applicable Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. If there
is any change in the Applicable Margin during any quarter, the daily maximum amount of each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied
by the Applicable Margin separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Margin was in effect.

(i)Fronting
Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuers. The Borrowers shall pay directly to each L/C Issuer for its own
account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by it equal to 0.125% per annum of the maximum amount then available
to be drawn under such Letter of Credit (whether or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit if such maximum
amount increases periodically pursuant to the terms of such Letter of Credit). Such fronting fees shall be computed on a quarterly basis
in arrears. Such fronting fees shall be due and payable in Dollars on the last Business Day of each of March, June, September and
December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration
Date and thereafter on demand. In addition, the Lead Borrower shall pay directly to each L/C Issuer for its own account with respect
to each Letter of Credit the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges,
of such L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are
due and payable within ten (10) Business Days of demand and are nonrefundable.

(j)Conflict
with Request for L/C Issuance. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement or any Request for L/C Issuance, in
the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Request for L/C Issuance, the terms hereof shall control.

(k)Addition
of an L/C Issuer. A Revolving Credit Lender reasonably acceptable to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent may become an
additional L/C Issuer hereunder pursuant to a written agreement among the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such Revolving
Credit Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Participating Revolving Credit Lenders of any such additional L/C Issuer.

(l)Existing
Letter of Credit. The parties hereto agree that the Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed Letters of Credit for all purposes
under this Agreement, without any further action by either Borrower.

74

(m)Provisions
Related to Extended Revolving Credit Commitments. If the Maturity Date in respect of any Participating Revolving Credit Commitments
occurs prior to the expiry date of any Letter of Credit, then (i) if one or more other Participating Revolving Credit Commitments
are then in effect (or will automatically be in effect upon such maturity), such Letters of Credit shall automatically be deemed to have
been issued (including for purposes of the obligations of the Participating Revolving Credit Lenders to purchase participations therein
and to make Revolving Credit Loans and payments in respect thereof pursuant to Section 2.03(c) and (d)) under
(and ratably participated in by Participating Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to) the non-terminating Participating Revolving Credit
Commitments up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the aggregate principal amount of the unutilized Participating Revolving Credit Commitments
at such time (it being understood that no partial face amount of any Letter of Credit may be so reallocated) and (ii) to the extent
not reallocated pursuant to immediately preceding clause (i) and unless provisions reasonably satisfactory to the applicable
L/C Issuer for the treatment of such Letter of Credit as a letter of credit under a successor credit facility have been agreed upon,
the Lead Borrower shall, on or prior to the applicable Maturity Date, cause all such Letters of Credit to be replaced and returned to
the applicable L/C Issuer undrawn and marked cancelled or to the extent that the Lead Borrower is unable to so replace
and return any Letter(s) of Credit, such Letter(s) of Credit shall be secured by a back to back letter of credit
from an issuer and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer or the Lead Borrower shall Cash Collateralize
any such Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 2.03(g). Commencing with the Maturity Date of any Class of Revolving
Credit Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be in an amount agreed solely with the L/C Issuer.

(n)Letters
of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations
of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrowers shall be obligated to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer hereunder for any
and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account
of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of each Borrower, and that such Borrowers business derives substantial benefits from the
businesses of such Subsidiaries.

Section 2.04Swing
Line Loans. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line
Lender agrees to make loans in Dollars to the Borrowers (each such loan, a Swing Line Loan), from time to time on
any Business Day during the period beginning on the Business Day after the Closing Date until the date which is one Business Day prior
to the Maturity Date of the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments (taking into account the Maturity Date of any Participating Revolving
Credit Commitment that will automatically come into effect on such Maturity Date) in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding
the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Pro Rata Share or
other applicable share provided for under this Agreement of the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations of the
Lender acting as Swing Line Lender, may exceed the amount of the Swing Line Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment; provided
that, after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Revolving Credit Exposure under such Participating Revolving Credit Commitments
shall not exceed the aggregate Participating Revolving Credit Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving
Credit Loans of any Lender (other than the Swing Line Lender), plus such Lenders Pro Rata Share or other applicable share
provided for under this Agreement of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lenders Pro Rata Share or
other applicable share provided for under this Agreement of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lenders
Participating Revolving Credit Commitment then in effect; provided, further, that the Borrowers shall not use the proceeds
of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and
conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.04, prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow
under this Section 2.04. Each Swing Line Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan,
each Participating Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the
Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lenders Pro Rata Share
or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement times the amount of such Swing Line Loan.

75

(b)Borrowing
Procedures. Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Lead Borrowers irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and
the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative
Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall
be a minimum of $500,000 (and any amount in excess of $500,000 shall be an integral multiple of $250,000) and (ii) the requested
borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Each such telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender
and the Administrative Agent of a written Swing Line Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the
Lead Borrower. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any Swing Line Loan Notice (by telephone or in writing), the Swing
Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such
Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents
thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the
request of any Revolving Credit Lender) prior to 2:00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the
Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first proviso to the first sentence
of Section 2.04(a), or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not
then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 5:00 p.m. on the borrowing
date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Lead Borrower. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.04 or elsewhere in this Agreement, the Swing Line Lender shall not be
obligated to make any Swing Line Loan at any time when a Participating Revolving Credit Lender is a Defaulting Lender unless the Swing
Line Lender has entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to it and the Lead Borrower to eliminate the Swing Line Lenders
Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iv)) with respect to the Defaulting Lenders or Defaulting
Lenders participation in such Swing Line Loans, including Cash Collateralizing, or obtaining backstop letter of credit from an
issuer and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Swing Line Lender to support, such Defaulting Lenders or Defaulting
Lenders Pro Rata Share of the outstanding Swing Line Loans or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement. The Borrowers
shall repay to the Swing Line Lender each Defaulting Lenders portion (after giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iv))
of each Swing Line Loan promptly following demand by the Swing Line Lender.

(c)Refinancing
of Swing Line Loans. (i) The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the
Borrowers (who hereby irrevocably authorize the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Participating Revolving Credit
Lender make a Base Rate Loan in an amount equal to such Lenders Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this
Agreement of the amount of Swing Line Loans of the Borrowers then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request
shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02,
without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized
portion of the aggregate Participating Revolving Credit Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The Swing
Line Lender shall furnish the Lead Borrower with a copy of the applicable Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice
to the Administrative Agent. Each Participating Revolving Credit Lender shall make an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share or other applicable
share provided for under this Agreement of the amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in
Same Day Funds for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agents Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the
day specified in such Committed Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii), each Participating Revolving Credit
Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan, as applicable, to the Borrowers in such amount. The
Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender. Upon the remission by the Administrative Agent to the
Swing Line Lender of the full amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have repaid the applicable
Swing Line Loan.

76

(ii)If
for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Revolving Credit Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i),
the request for Base Rate Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line
Lender that each of the Participating Revolving Credit Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Participating
Revolving Credit Lenders payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall
be deemed payment in respect of such participation.

(iii)If
any Participating Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender
any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time
specified in Section 2.04(c)(i), the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the
Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date
on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from
time to time in effect. If such Participating Revolving Credit Lender pays such amount, the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders
Revolving Credit Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be.
A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under
this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(iv)Each
Participating Revolving Credit Lenders obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in
Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any
circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the
Swing Line Lender, either Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default
or the failure to satisfy any condition in Article IV, (C) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Loan Parties, (D) any breach of this Agreement, or (E) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar
to any of the foregoing; provided that each Participating Revolving Credit Lenders obligation to make Revolving Credit
Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) (but not to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans) is subject
to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the
obligation of either Borrower to repay the applicable Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein.

(d)Repayment
of Participations. (i) At any time after any Participating Revolving Credit Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation
in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute
to such Lender its Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement of such payment (appropriately adjusted,
in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lenders risk participation was funded) in the
same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender.

(ii)If
any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by
the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered
into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Participating Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender its Pro
Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest
thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate.
The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender.

77

(e)Interest
for Account of Swing Line Lender. The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Lead Borrower for interest on the
Swing Line Loans. Until each Participating Revolving Credit Lender funds its Base Rate Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04
to refinance such Lenders Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement of any Swing Line Loan,
interest in respect of such Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement shall be solely for the account
of the Swing Line Lender.

(f)Payments
Directly to Swing Line Lender. The Borrowers shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans
directly to the Swing Line Lender.

(g)Provisions
Related to Extended Revolving Credit Commitments. If the Maturity Date shall have occurred in respect of any Participating Revolving
Credit Commitments (the Expiring Credit Commitment) at a time when Participating Revolving Credit Commitments are in effect
(or will automatically be in effect upon such maturity) with a longer maturity date (each a non-Expiring Credit Commitment
and collectively, the non-Expiring Credit Commitments), then each outstanding Swing Line Loan on the earliest occurring
Maturity Date shall be deemed reallocated to the non-Expiring Credit Commitments on a pro rata basis; provided that (x) to
the extent that the amount of such reallocation would cause the aggregate credit exposure to exceed the aggregate amount of such non-Expiring
Credit Commitments, immediately prior to such reallocation (after giving effect to any repayments of Revolving Credit Loans and any reallocation
of Letter of Credit participations as contemplated in Section 2.03(m)) the amount of Swing Line Loans to be reallocated equal
to such excess shall be repaid or cash collateralized in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Swing Line Lender and (y) notwithstanding
the foregoing, if a Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lead Borrower shall still be obligated to pay Swing Line Loans allocated
to the Participating Revolving Credit Lenders holding the Expiring Credit Commitments at the Maturity Date of the Expiring Credit Commitments
or if the Loans have been accelerated prior to the Maturity Date of the Expiring Credit Commitment.

Section 2.05Prepayments.
(a) (i) The Borrowers may, upon notice by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time
voluntarily prepay any Class or Classes of Revolving Credit Loans of any Class or Classes in whole or in part without premium
or penalty; provided that (1) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (A) 12:30 p.m. (New
York, New York time in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, or London time in the case of Loans denominated in Euros) three (3) Business
Days prior to any date of prepayment of Benchmark Rate Loans (unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent) and (B) 11:00
a.m. (New York, New York time) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans; (2) any prepayment of Benchmark Rate Loans shall
be in a principal Dollar Amount of $1,000,000, or a whole multiple of $250,000 in excess thereof; and (3) any prepayment of Base
Rate Loans shall be in a minimum principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if
less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and
the Class(es) and Type(s) of Loans and the order of Borrowing(s) to be prepaid. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify
each Appropriate Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lenders Pro Rata Share of such prepayment.
If such notice is given by the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice
shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Benchmark Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest
thereon, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. In the case of each prepayment of Loans
pursuant to this Section 2.05(a), the Lead Borrower may in its sole discretion select the Borrowing or Borrowings to be repaid,
and such payment shall be paid to the Appropriate Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares or other applicable share
provided for under this Agreement.

(ii)The
Borrowers may, upon notice by the Lead Borrower to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from
time to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (1) such
notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment,
and (2) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $250,000 in excess thereof
or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment.
If such notice is given by the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice
shall be due and payable on the date specified therein.

78

(iii)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Lead Borrower may rescind any notice of prepayment under Section 2.05(a)(i) or
2.05(a)(ii) if such prepayment would have resulted from a refinancing of all of the Facilities, which refinancing shall not
be consummated or shall otherwise be delayed.

(iv)[reserved].

(v)[reserved].

(b)Mandatory.
(i) [Reserved].

(ii)[Reserved].

(iii)[Reserved].

(iv)[Reserved].

(v)If
for any reason the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures at any time exceeds the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect,
the Borrowers shall promptly prepay or cause to be promptly prepaid Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans and/or Cash Collateralize
the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided that the Borrowers shall not be required to Cash Collateralize
the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(v) unless after the prepayment in full of the Revolving Credit
Loans and Swing Line Loans such aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures exceed the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect;
and provided, further, that notwithstanding the foregoing, if the sum of the aggregate Outstanding Amount of Revolving
Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans and L/C Obligations exceeds the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect by less
than 5.0%, and any such excess is due solely to movements in currency exchange rates, then the Borrowers shall not be required to take
the foregoing actions to eliminate any such excess.

(vi)[Reserved].

(vii)[Reserved].

(viii)Funding
Losses, Etc. All prepayments under this Section 2.05 shall be made together with, in the case of any such prepayment
of a Benchmark Rate Loan on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period therefor, any amounts owing in respect of such Benchmark
Rate Loan pursuant to Section 3.05. Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of Section 2.05(b), so long as
no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if any prepayment of Benchmark Rate Loans is required to be made under this
Section 2.05(b), prior to the last day of the Interest Period therefor, the Borrowers may, in their sole discretion, deposit
the amount of any such prepayment otherwise required to be made thereunder into a Cash Collateral Account until the last day of such
Interest Period, at which time the Administrative Agent shall be authorized (without any further action by or notice to or from either
Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment of such Loans in accordance with this Section 2.05(b).
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Administrative Agent shall also be authorized (without any
further action by or notice to or from either Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment of the outstanding
Loans in accordance with this Section 2.05(b). For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 2.05(b)(viii) shall
not apply to the Anti-Cash Hoarding Provision.

79

(ix)Limitation
of Prepayment Obligations. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 2.05(b), (i) to the extent any cash
prepayment under the Anti-Cash Hoarding Provision attributable to Foreign Subsidiaries is prohibited or delayed by any applicable local
law or applicable Organizational Documents of such Foreign Subsidiary (including, without limitation, financial assistance, corporate
benefit restrictions on upstreaming of cash intra group and the fiduciary and statutory duties of the directors of such Foreign Subsidiary)
to be repatriated to Luxembourg or passed on to or used for the benefit of the Borrowers, the portion of such cash prepayment under the
Anti-Cash Hoarding Provision so affected will not be required to be applied to prepay the Revolving Credit Loans at the times provided
in the Anti-Cash Hoarding Provision but may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary so long, but only so long, as the applicable
local law or applicable organizational documents of such Foreign Subsidiary will not permit repatriation to Luxembourg or the passing
on to or otherwise using for the benefit of the Borrowers (the Borrowers hereby agreeing to use all commercially reasonable efforts to
overcome or eliminate any such restrictions on repatriation, passing on or other use for the benefit of the Borrowers and/or use the
other cash sources of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries to make the relevant prepayment) and (ii) to the extent
that the Lead Borrower has determined in good faith that repatriation of any or all of the cash prepayment under the Anti-Cash Hoarding
Provision attributable to Foreign Subsidiaries would have material adverse tax consequences (as reasonably determined in good faith by
the Lead Borrower) with respect to such cash prepayment under the Anti-Cash Hoarding Provision, such cash prepayment under the Anti-Cash
Hoarding Provision so affected will not be required to be applied to repay Term Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.05(b) but
may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary.

Section 2.06Termination
or Reduction of Commitments.

(a)Optional.
The Lead Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the unused Commitments of any Class, or from time to
time permanently reduce the unused Commitments of any Class, in each case without premium or penalty; provided that (i) any
such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent three (3) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction,
(ii) any such partial reduction shall be in a minimum aggregate amount of $1,000,000, as applicable, or any whole multiple of $250,000,
in excess thereof and (iii) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing
Line Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments, such sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such
excess. The amount of any such Commitment reduction shall not otherwise be applied to the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line
Sublimit unless otherwise specified by the Lead Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lead Borrower may rescind or postpone any
notice of termination of the Commitments if such termination would have resulted from a refinancing of all of the Facilities, which refinancing
shall not be consummated or otherwise shall be delayed.

(b)Mandatory.
The Revolving Credit Commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender shall automatically and permanently terminate on the Maturity Date for
the applicable Class of Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that (x) the foregoing shall not release any Revolving
Credit Lender from any liability it may have for its failure to fund Revolving Credit Loans, L/C Advances or participations in Swing
Line Loans that were required to be funded by it on or prior to such Maturity Date and (y) the foregoing will not release any Revolving
Credit Lender from any obligation to fund its portion of L/C Advances or participations in Swing Line Loans with respect to Letters of
Credit issued or Swing Line Loans made prior to such Maturity Date.

(c)Application
of Commitment Reductions; Payment of Fees. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Appropriate Lenders of any termination
or reduction of unused portions of the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit or the unused Commitments of any Class under
this Section 2.06. Upon any reduction of unused Commitments of any Class, the Commitment of each Lender of such Class shall
be reduced by such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the amount by which such Commitments are reduced (other than the termination of the
Commitment of any Lender as provided in Section 3.07). All commitment fees accrued until the effective date of any termination
of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination.

80

Section 2.07Repayment
of Loans.

(a)[reserved].

(b)Revolving
Credit Loans. The Borrowers shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Appropriate Lenders on the Maturity
Date for any Class of Revolving Credit Commitments the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Credit Loans made
in respect of such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments.

(c)Swing
Line Loans. The Lead Borrower shall repay the aggregate principal amount of its Swing Line Loans on the earlier to occur of (i) the
date five (5) Business Days after such Loan is made and (ii) the Latest Maturity Date for the Participating Revolving Credit
Commitments.

Section 2.08Interest.

(a)Subject
to the provisions of Section 2.08(b), (i) each Revolving Credit Loan that is maintained as a Benchmark Rate Loan shall
bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (A) the
Benchmark Rate for such Interest Period applicable to the currency in which such Benchmark Rate Loan is denominated plus (B) the
Applicable Margin therefor; (ii) each Revolving Credit Loan that is maintained as a Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding
principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin
therefor; and (iii) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing
date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin for Revolving Credit Loans.

(b)During
the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), the Borrowers shall pay interest on past due amounts
owing by it hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable Laws; provided that no interest at the Default Rate shall accrue or be payable to a Defaulting Lender so long as
such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender. Accrued and unpaid interest on such amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall
be due and payable upon demand.

(c)Interest
on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified
herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after
the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.

(d)The
provisions of this Section 2.08 (and the interest rates applicable to the various extensions of credit hereunder) shall be
subject to modification as expressly provided in Section 2.18.

(e)The
interest amount is understood as net interest after the deduction of any Swiss Withholding Tax and shall, if the interest is or becomes
subject to such tax, and should clause (a) of Section 3.01 be unenforceable for any reason, be adjusted as follows:

(i)The
amount of the payment due from the Borrowers shall be increased to an amount which (after making the deduction of Swiss Federal Withholding
Tax) leaves the Lenders entitled to such payment with an amount equal to the payment which would have been due if no deduction of Swiss
Federal Withholding Tax had been required. For such purpose, the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax shall be calculated on the full (grossed-up)
interest amount.

81

(ii)The
Borrowers shall provide the Lender or any other Person assigned by the Lender with the necessary documents which are required under the
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Statute and any applicable double taxation treaties between Switzerland and the jurisdiction of organization
of any Lender for relief from the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax.

(f)In
connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from
time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming
Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection
with the use or administration of Term SOFR.

(g)[reserved].

(h)[reserved].

Section 2.09Fees.
In addition to certain fees described in Sections 2.03(h) and (i):

(a)Commitment
Fee. The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender under each Class of
Revolving Credit Commitments in accordance with its Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement, a commitment
fee equal to the Applicable Margin with respect to unused Revolving Credit Commitments for such Class times the actual daily amount
by which the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitment for the applicable Class of Revolving Credit Commitments exceeds the sum of (A) the
Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans for such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments and (B) the Outstanding Amount
of L/C Obligations for such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that any commitment fee accrued with respect
to any of the Commitments of a Defaulting Lender during the period prior to the time such Lender became a Defaulting Lender and unpaid
at such time shall not be payable by the Borrowers so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender except to the extent that such
commitment fee shall otherwise have been due and payable by the Borrowers prior to such time; and provided, further, that
no commitment fee shall accrue on any of the Commitments of a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender.
The commitment fee on each Class of Revolving Credit Commitments shall accrue at all times from the Closing Date until the Maturity
Date for such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV
is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each of March, June, September and
December, commencing with the first such date during the first full fiscal quarter to occur after the Closing Date, and on the Maturity
Date for such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments.

(b)Other
Fees. The Borrowers shall pay to the Agents such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at
the times so specified, including with respect to the Lender Upfront Fee Letter and the Administrative Agent Fee Letter. Such fees shall
be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever (except as expressly agreed between the Borrowers and
the applicable Agent).

(c)[Reserved]

82

Section 2.10Computation
of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans when the Base Rate
is determined by the prime rate shall be made on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty-five (365) days, or three
hundred and sixty-six (366) days, as applicable, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on
the basis of a three hundred and sixty (360) day year and actual days elapsed. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which
the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid; provided
that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest for
one (1) day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding
for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Section 2.11Evidence
of Indebtedness.

(a)The
Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and evidenced by
one or more entries in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent, acting solely for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 5f.103-1(c),
as agent for the Borrowers, in each case in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative
Agent and each Lender shall be prima facie evidence absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders
to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or
otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any
conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect
of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request
of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative
Agent) a Note payable to such Lender, which shall evidence such Lenders Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender
may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with
respect thereto.

(b)In
addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a), each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain
in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records and, in the case of the Administrative Agent, entries in the Register, evidencing
the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between
the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters,
the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error.

(c)Entries
made in good faith by the Administrative Agent in the Register pursuant to Section 2.11(a) and (b), and by each
Lender in its account or accounts pursuant to Section 2.11(a) and (b), shall be prima facie evidence of
the amount of principal and interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrowers to, in the case of the Register,
each Lender and, in the case of such account or accounts, such Lender, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, absent manifest
error; provided that the failure of the Administrative Agent or such Lender to make an entry, or any finding that an entry is
incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrowers under this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Section 2.12Payments
Generally. (a) All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made without condition
or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein as of the Closing Date,
all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which
such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agents Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. (New
York, New York time) on the dates specified herein; provided that all payments by the Borrowers hereunder in respect of principal
of and interest on Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Euros shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective
Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agents Office in Euros and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00
p.m. (London time) on the dates specified herein. If, for any reason, the Borrowers are prohibited by any Law from making any required
payment hereunder in Euros that is otherwise required pursuant hereto to be made in Euros, the Borrowers shall make such payment in Dollars
in the Dollar Equivalent of the Euro payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Pro Rata Share
(or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lenders applicable
Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 2:00 p.m. (New York, New York time) in the case
of payments in Dollars or (ii) after 2:00 p.m. (London time) in the case of payments in Euros, shall, in each case, be deemed
received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue.

83

(b)If
any payment to be made by the Borrowers shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following
Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be; provided that,
if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Benchmark Rate Loans to be made in the next succeeding calendar
month, such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day.

(c)Unless
the Lead Borrower or any Lender has notified the Administrative Agent, prior to the date any payment is required to be made by it to
the Administrative Agent hereunder, that the Borrowers or such Lender, as the case may be, will not make such payment, the Administrative
Agent may assume that the Borrowers or such Lender, as the case may be, has timely made such payment and may (but shall not be so required
to), in reliance thereon, make available a corresponding amount to the Person entitled thereto. If and to the extent that such payment
was not in fact made to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds, then:

(i)if
the Borrowers failed to make such payment, each Lender shall forthwith on demand repay to the Administrative Agent the portion of such
assumed payment that was made available to such Lender in Same Day Funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from
and including the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to
the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the applicable Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect; and

(ii)if
any Lender failed to make such payment, such Lender shall forthwith on demand pay to the Administrative Agent the amount thereof in Same
Day Funds, together with interest thereon for the period from the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to
the Borrowers to the date such amount is recovered by the Administrative Agent (the Compensation Period) at a rate
per annum equal to the applicable Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. When such Lender makes payment to the Administrative
Agent (together with all accrued interest thereon), then such payment amount (excluding the amount of any interest which may have accrued
and been paid in respect of such late payment) shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in the applicable Borrowing. If such
Lender does not pay such amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agents demand therefor, the Administrative Agent may make a
demand therefor upon the Borrowers, and the Borrowers shall pay such amount to the Administrative Agent, together with interest thereon
for the Compensation Period at a rate per annum equal to the rate of interest applicable to the applicable Borrowing. Nothing herein
shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative
Agent or the Lead Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder.

84

A notice of the Administrative
Agent to any Lender or the Lead Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this Section 2.12(c) shall be conclusive,
absent manifest error.

(d)If
any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions
of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Borrowers by the Administrative Agent because the conditions
to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof,
the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.

(e)The
obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans are several and
not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan or to fund any such participation on any date required hereunder shall not relieve
any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other
Lender to so make its Loan or purchase its participation.

(f)Nothing
herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation
by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.

(g)Whenever
any payment received by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents is insufficient to pay in full
all amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
on any date, such payment shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent and applied by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in
the order of priority set forth in Section 8.03. If the Administrative Agent receives funds for application to the Obligations of
the Loan Parties under or in respect of the Loan Documents under circumstances for which the Loan Documents do not specify the manner
in which such funds are to be applied, the Administrative Agent may (to the fullest extent permitted by mandatory provisions of applicable
Law), but shall not be obligated to, elect to distribute such funds to each of the Lenders in accordance with such Lenders Pro
Rata Share of the sum of (a) the Outstanding Amount of all Loans outstanding at such time and (b) the Outstanding Amount of
all L/C Obligations outstanding at such time, in repayment or prepayment of such of the outstanding Loans or other Obligations then owing
to such Lender.

Section 2.13Sharing
of Payments. (a) If, other than as expressly provided elsewhere herein as of the Closing
Date, any Lender shall obtain on account of the Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans held
by it, any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of setoff, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable
share (or other share contemplated hereunder) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such
fact, and (b) purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Loans made by them and/or such subparticipations in the
participations in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans held by them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing
Lender to share the excess payment in respect of such Loans or such participations, as the case may be, pro rata with each of
them; provided that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Lender under any
of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the purchasing Lender
in its discretion), such purchase shall to that extent be rescinded and each other Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase
price paid therefor, together with an amount equal to such paying Lenders ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the
amount of such paying Lenders required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any
interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered, without further interest
thereon. The Borrowers agree that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable Law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of setoff, but subject to Section 10.09) with respect
to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrowers in the amount of such participation. The Administrative
Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this
Section 2.13 and will in each case notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases
a participation pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests,
demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same
extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Section 2.13 or elsewhere in this Agreement, the Lead Borrower may extend the final maturity of Revolving
Credit Commitments in connection with an Extension that is permitted under Section 2.18 without being obligated to effect
such extensions on a pro rata basis among the Lenders (it being understood that no such extension shall constitute a payment or
prepayment of any Revolving Credit Loans for purposes of this Section 2.13) without giving rise to any violation of this
Section 2.13 or any other provision of this Agreement. Furthermore, the Lead Borrower may take all actions contemplated by
Section 2.18 in connection with any Extension (including modifying pricing, amortization and repayments or prepayments) determined
by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion to be necessary and advisable to permit such Extension, and in each case such
actions shall be permitted, and the differing payments contemplated therein shall be permitted without giving rise to any violation of
this Section 2.13 or any other provision of this Agreement.

85

(b)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions of the preceding Section 2.13(a) shall be subject to (x) the
express provisions of this Agreement which require, or permit, differing payments to be made to non-Defaulting Lenders as opposed to
Defaulting Lenders and (y) the express provisions of Section 3.07, which permit disproportionate payments with respect
to the Loans as, and to the extent, provided therein.

Section 2.14[Reserved].

Section 2.15[Reserved].

Section 2.16Incremental
Credit Extensions.

(a)Incremental
Commitments. The Borrowers may at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date, by notice from the Lead Borrower to the Administrative
Agent (an Incremental Loan Request), request one or more increases in the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments
(a Revolving Commitment Increase) or the establishment of one or more Classes of new revolving credit commitments
(any such new commitments, collectively with any Revolving Commitment Increases, the Incremental Commitments), whereupon
the Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver a copy to each of the Lenders.

(b)Incremental
Loans. On the applicable date (each, an Incremental Facility Closing Date) specified in any Incremental Amendment
(including through any Revolving Commitment Increase), subject to the satisfaction of the terms and conditions in this Section 2.16
and in the applicable Incremental Amendment, (i) (A) each Incremental Lender of such Class shall make its Commitment
available to the Borrowers (when borrowed, an Incremental Loan) in an amount equal to its Incremental Commitment
of such Class and (B) each Incremental Lender of such Class shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to the Incremental
Commitment of such Class and the Incremental Loans of such Class made pursuant thereto.

(c)Incremental
Loan Request. Each Incremental Loan Request from the Lead Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.16 shall set forth the
requested amount and proposed terms of the Incremental Commitments. Incremental Commitments may be provided by any existing Lender (but
no existing Lender will have an obligation to make any Incremental Commitment, nor will the Lead Borrower have any obligation to approach
any existing Lender to provide any Incremental Commitment) or by any Additional Lender (each such existing Lender or Additional Lender
providing such Commitment or Loan, an Incremental Lender, and, collectively, the Incremental Lenders);
provided that the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer shall have consented (not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) to providing such Incremental Commitments, to the extent such consent, if any, would be required under Section 10.07(b) for
an assignment of Revolving Credit Commitments to such Lender or Additional Lender.

86

(d)Effectiveness
of Incremental Amendment. The effectiveness of any Incremental Amendment, and the Incremental Commitments thereunder, shall be subject
to the satisfaction on the applicable date (which shall be no earlier than the date of such Incremental Amendment) specified therein
(the Incremental Amendment Date) of each of the following conditions, together with any other conditions set forth
in the Incremental Amendment:

(i)after
giving effect to such Incremental Commitments, the conditions of Section 4.02 shall be satisfied (it being understood that
all references to the date of such Credit Extension or similar language in such Section 4.02 shall be deemed
to refer to the Incremental Amendment Date); provided that such Incremental Amendment may include a waiver by the Incremental
Lenders party thereto of the condition set forth in Section 4.02(c) and, in connection with any Incremental Commitment
the primary purpose of which is to finance a Permitted Acquisition, a waiver in full or in part of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02(a) and
Section 4.02(b) (other than with respect to any Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f));

(ii)each
Incremental Commitment shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than $15,000,000 and shall be in an increment of $1,000,000
(provided that such amount may be less than $15,000,000 if such amount represents all remaining availability under the limit set
forth in Section 2.16(d)(iii));

(iii)together
with the Incremental Commitments established under such Incremental Amendment, the aggregate principal amount of Incremental Commitments
established does not exceed $50,000,000; and

(iv)to
the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of (A) customary legal opinions,
board resolutions and officers certificates (including solvency certificates) consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date
(conformed as appropriate) other than changes to such legal opinions resulting from a change in law, change in fact or change to counsels
form of opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (B) reaffirmation agreements and/or such amendments to the
Collateral Documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in order to ensure that such Incremental Lenders are
provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents.

(e)Required
Terms. The terms, provisions and documentation of the Incremental Loans and Incremental Commitments, as the case may be, of any Class shall
be as agreed between the Lead Borrower and the applicable Incremental Lenders providing such Incremental Commitments, and except as otherwise
set forth herein, to the extent not identical to any Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, each existing on the Incremental Facility
Closing Date, shall be consistent with clauses (i) through (iii) below, as applicable, and otherwise reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent (except for covenants or other provisions (a) conformed (or added) in the Loan Documents pursuant to
the related Incremental Amendment, in the case of any Class of Incremental Loans and Incremental Commitments, for the benefit of
the Revolving Credit Lenders or (b) applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date as of the Incremental Amendment Date);
provided that in the case of a Revolving Commitment Increase, the terms, provisions and documentation (other than the Incremental
Amendment evidencing such increase) of such Revolving Commitment Increase shall be identical (other than, solely in the case of a Revolving
Commitment Increase, with respect to upfront fees, OID or similar fees) to the applicable Class of Revolving Credit Commitments
being increased, in each case, as existing on the Incremental Facility Closing Date. In any event:

87

(i)[reserved].

(ii)the
Incremental Commitments and Incremental Loans:

(A)(I) shall
rank pari passu or junior in right of payment with the Revolving Credit Loans, (II) no Person other than a Loan Party shall
provide a Guarantee or otherwise be an obligor with respect to such Incremental Commitments and Incremental Loans, (III) the obligations
in respect thereof shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset other than the Collateral and (IV) shall rank pari passu
in right of security with the Revolving Credit Loans available under the Revolving Credit Commitments,

(B)(I) shall
not have a final scheduled maturity date or commitment reduction date earlier than the Maturity Date with respect to the Revolving Credit
Commitments and (II) shall not have any scheduled amortization or mandatory commitment reduction prior to the Maturity Date with
respect to the Revolving Credit Commitments,

(C)shall
provide that the borrowing and repayment (except for (1) payments of interest and fees at different rates on Incremental Commitments
(and related outstandings), (2) repayments required upon the Maturity Date of the Incremental Commitments and (3) repayment
made in connection with a permanent repayment and the termination or reduction of commitments (in accordance with clause (E) below))
of Loans with respect to Incremental Commitments after the associated Incremental Facility Closing Date shall be made on a pro rata
basis or less than a pro rata basis (but not more than a pro rata basis) with all other Revolving Credit Commitments
then existing on the Incremental Facility Closing Date,

(D)may
be elected to be included as additional Participating Revolving Credit Commitments under the Incremental Amendment (or in the case of
any Revolving Commitment Increase to an existing Class of Participating Revolving Credit Commitments, shall be included), subject
to (other than in the case of a Revolving Commitment Increase) the consent of the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer, and on the Incremental
Facility Closing Date all Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Participating
Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with their percentage of the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments existing after giving
effect to such Incremental Amendment, provided, such election may be made conditional upon the maturity of one or more other Participating
Revolving Credit Commitments, provided, further, that in connection with such election the Swing Line Lender or the L/C
Issuers may, in their sole discretion and with the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed),
agree in the applicable Incremental Amendment to increase the Swing Line Sublimit or the Letter of Credit Sublimit so long as such increase
does not exceed the amount of the additional Participating Revolving Credit Commitments,

(E)may
provide that the permanent repayment of Revolving Credit Loans in connection with or permanent reduction or termination of, Incremental
Commitments after the associated Incremental Facility Closing Date be made on a pro rata basis, less than pro rata basis
or greater than pro rata basis with all other Revolving Credit Commitments,

88

(F)shall
provide that assignments and participations of Incremental Commitments and Incremental Loans shall be governed by the same assignment
and participation provisions applicable to Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Credit Loans then existing on the Incremental Facility
Closing Date,

(G)shall
have an Applicable Margin determined by the Borrowers and the applicable Incremental Lenders; provided that the Applicable Margin
for a Revolving Commitment Increase shall be (x) the Applicable Margin for the Class being increased or (y) higher than
the Applicable Margin for the Class being increased as long as the Applicable Margin for the Class being increased shall be
automatically increased as and to the extent necessary to eliminate such deficiency, and

(H)shall
have fees determined by the Lead Borrower and the applicable Incremental Commitment arranger(s).

(iii)the
All-In Yield applicable to the Incremental Loans of each Class shall be determined by the Lead Borrower and the applicable Incremental
Lenders and shall be set forth in each applicable Incremental Amendment.

(f)Incremental
Amendment. Commitments in respect of Incremental Commitments shall become additional Commitments pursuant to an amendment (an Incremental
Amendment) to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, each Incremental Lender
providing such Commitments, the Administrative Agent and, for purposes of any election and/or increase to the Swing Line Sublimit or
Letter of Credit Sublimit pursuant to Section 2.16(e)(ii)(D), the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer. The Incremental
Amendment may, without the consent of any other Loan Party, Agent or Lender, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower, to effect
the provisions of this Section 2.16, including amendments as deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable
judgment to effect any lien or payment subordination and associated rights of the applicable Lenders to the extent any Incremental Loans
are to rank junior in right of security or payment or to address technical issues relating to funding and payments. The Borrowers will
use the proceeds of the Incremental Commitments for any purpose not prohibited by this Agreement.

(g)Reallocation
of Revolving Credit Exposure. Upon any Incremental Facility Closing Date on which Incremental Commitments are effected through a
Revolving Commitment Increase pursuant to this Section 2.16, (a) each of the Revolving Credit Lenders of the Class of
Revolving Credit Commitments subject to such Revolving Commitment Increase shall assign to each of the Incremental Lenders, and each
of the Incremental Lenders shall purchase from each of such Revolving Credit Lenders, at the principal amount thereof, such interests
in the Incremental Loans outstanding on such Incremental Facility Closing Date as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect
to all such assignments and purchases, the Revolving Credit Loans of the Class of Revolving Credit Commitments subject to such Revolving
Commitment Increase will be held by existing Revolving Credit of the Class of Revolving Credit Commitments subject to such Revolving
Commitment Increase and Incremental Lenders ratably in accordance with their Revolving Credit Commitments of the Class of Revolving
Credit Commitments subject to such Revolving Commitment Increase after giving effect to the addition of such Incremental Commitments
to such Revolving Credit Commitments, (b) each Incremental Commitment shall be deemed for all purposes a Revolving Credit Commitment
and each Loan made thereunder shall be deemed, for all purposes, a Revolving Credit Loan and (c) each Incremental Lender shall become
a Lender with respect to the Incremental Commitments and all matters relating thereto. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby
agree that the minimum borrowing and prepayment requirements in Section 2.02 and Section 2.05(a) of this
Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence.

89

(h)[Reserved].

(i)[Reserved].

(j)[Reserved].

(k)This
Section 2.16 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or Section 10.01 to the contrary.

Section 2.17Refinancing
Amendments.

(a)Refinancing
Commitments. The Borrowers may at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date, by notice from the Lead Borrower to the Administrative
Agent (a Refinancing Loan Request), request the establishment of a new Class of revolving credit commitments
(any such new Class, Refinancing Commitments), in each case, established in exchange for, or to extend, renew, replace,
repurchase, retire or refinance, in whole or in part, existing Loans or Commitments (with respect to a particular Refinancing Commitment
or Refinancing Loan, such existing Loans or Commitments, Refinanced Debt), whereupon the Administrative Agent shall
promptly deliver a copy to each of the Lenders.

(b)Refinancing
Loans. On any Refinancing Facility Closing Date on which any Refinancing Commitments of any Class are effected, subject to the
satisfaction of the terms and conditions in this Section 2.17, (i) each Refinancing Lender of such Class shall
make its Commitment available to the Borrowers (when borrowed, a Refinancing Loan) in an amount equal to its Refinancing
Commitment of such Class and (ii) each Refinancing Lender of such Class shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to
the Refinancing Commitment of such Class and the Refinancing Loans of such Class made pursuant thereto.

(c)Refinancing
Loan Request. Each Refinancing Loan Request from the Lead Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.17 shall set forth the
requested amount and proposed terms of the Refinancing Commitments. Refinancing Commitments may be provided, by any existing Lender (but
no existing Lender will have an obligation to make any Refinancing Commitment, nor will the Lead Borrower have any obligation to approach
any existing Lender to provide any Refinancing Commitment) or by any Additional Lender (each such existing Lender or Additional Lender
providing such Commitment or Loan, a Refinancing Lender, and, collectively, Refinancing Lenders);
provided that the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer shall have consented (not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) to such Additional Lenders providing such Refinancing Commitments, to the extent such consent, if any, would
be required under Section 10.07(b) for an assignment of Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, to such Lender
or Additional Lender.

(d)Effectiveness
of Refinancing Amendment. The effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment, and the Refinancing Commitments thereunder, shall be subject
to the satisfaction on the date thereof (a Refinancing Facility Closing Date) of each of the following conditions,
together with any other conditions set forth in the Refinancing Amendment:

(i)after
giving effect to such Refinancing Commitments, the conditions of Sections 4.02(a) and (b) shall be satisfied
(it being understood that all references to the date of such Credit Extension or similar language in such Section 4.02
shall be deemed to refer to the effective date of such Refinancing Amendment);

90

(ii)each
Refinancing Commitment shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than $10,000,000 and shall be in an increment of $1,000,000
(provided that such amount may be less than $10,000,000 and not in an increment of $1,000,000 if such amount is equal to the entire
outstanding principal amount of Refinanced Debt); and

(iii)to
the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of (A) customary legal opinions,
board resolutions and officers certificates (including solvency certificates) consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date
(conformed as appropriate) other than changes to such legal opinions resulting from a change in law, change in fact or change to counsels
form of opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (B) reaffirmation agreements and/or such amendments to the
Collateral Documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in order to ensure that such Refinancing Lenders are
provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents.

(e)Required
Terms. The terms, provisions and documentation of the Refinancing Loans and Refinancing Commitments, as the case may be, of any Class shall
be as agreed between the Lead Borrower and the applicable Refinancing Lenders providing such Refinancing Commitments, and except as otherwise
set forth herein, to the extent not identical to any Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, each existing on the
Refinancing Facility Closing Date, shall be consistent with clauses (i) and (ii) below, as applicable, and otherwise reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (except for covenants or other provisions (a) conformed (or added) in the Loan Documents
pursuant to the related Refinancing Amendment, in the case of any Class of Refinancing Loans and Refinancing Commitments, for the
benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders or (b) applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date as of the Incremental Amendment
Date). In any event:

(i)[reserved]

(ii)the
Refinancing Commitments and Refinancing Loans:

(A)(I) shall
have the same or more junior rank in right of payment with respect to the other Obligations as the applicable Refinancing Commitments
(and, to the extent subordinated in right of payment with respect to the other Obligations, subject to a Subordination Agreement (or,
alternatively, terms in the Refinancing Amendment substantially similar to those in such Subordination Agreement, as agreed by the Lead
Borrower and Administrative Agent) or other subordination arrangement satisfactory to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent),
(II) no Person other than a Loan Party shall Guarantee or otherwise be an obligor with respect to the applicable Refinanced Debt,
(III) the obligations in respect thereof shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset other than the Collateral and (IV) shall
have the same rank in right of security with respect to the other Obligations as the applicable Refinanced Debt,

(B)(I) shall
not have a final maturity date or commitment reduction date earlier than the Maturity Date or commitment reduction date, respectively,
with respect to the Refinanced Debt and (II) shall not have any mandatory Commitment reductions prior to the maturity date of the
Refinanced Debt,

(C)shall
provide that the borrowing and repayment (except for (1) payments of interest and fees at different rates on Refinancing
Commitments (and related outstandings), (2) repayments required upon the Maturity Date of the Refinancing Commitments and (3) repayments
made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of commitments (in accordance with clause (E) below)) of Loans
with respect to Refinancing Commitments after the associated Refinancing Facility Closing Date shall be made on a pro rata basis
or less than a pro rata basis (but not more than a pro rata basis) with all other Revolving Credit Commitments then existing
on the Refinancing Facility Closing Date,

91

(D)may
be elected to be included as additional Participating Revolving Credit Commitments under the Refinancing Amendment, subject to the consent
of the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer, and on the Refinancing Facility Closing Date all Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit
shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Participating Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with their percentage of
the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments existing after giving effect to such Refinancing Amendment, provided such election may
be made conditional upon the termination of one or more other Participating Revolving Credit Commitments,

(E)may
provide that the permanent repayment of Revolving Credit Loans in connection with a permanent termination or reduction of Refinancing
Commitments after the associated Refinancing Facility Closing Date be made on a pro rata basis, less than pro rata basis
or greater than pro rata basis with all other Revolving Credit Commitments,

(F)shall
provide that assignments and participations of Refinancing Commitments and Refinancing Loans shall be governed by the same assignment
and participation provisions applicable to Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Credit Loans then existing on the Refinancing Facility
Closing Date,

(G)shall
have an Applicable Margin and Benchmark Rate or Base Rate floor (if any) determined by the Borrowers and the applicable Refinancing Lenders,

(H)shall
have fees determined by the Lead Borrower and the applicable Refinancing Commitment arranger(s), and

(I)shall
not have a greater principal amount of Commitments than the principal amount of the Commitments of the Refinanced Debt plus accrued
but unpaid interest, fees, premiums (if any) and penalties thereon and reasonable fees, expenses, OID and upfront fees associated with
the refinancing.

(f)Refinancing
Amendment. Commitments in respect of Refinancing Commitments shall become additional Commitments pursuant to an amendment (a Refinancing
Amendment) to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrowers, each Refinancing Lender
providing such Commitments, the Administrative Agent and, for purposes of any election pursuant to Section 2.17(e)(ii)(D),
the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer. The Refinancing Amendment may, without the consent of any other Loan Party, Agent or Lender,
effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of
the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.17, including amendments as deemed
necessary by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable judgment to effect any lien or payment subordination and associated rights of
the applicable Lenders to the extent any Refinancing Loans are to rank junior in right of security or payment or to address technical
issues relating to funding and payments. The Borrowers will use the proceeds of the Refinancing Commitments to extend, renew, replace,
repurchase, retire or refinance, substantially concurrently, the applicable Refinanced Debt.

(g)[Reserved].

92

(h)[Reserved].

Section 2.18Extensions
of Revolving Credit Commitments. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer) made from time to time by the Borrowers to
all Lenders of Revolving Credit Commitments of a given Class (an Existing Revolver Tranche) with a like Maturity
Date, in each case on a pro rata basis under each tranche (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving
Credit Commitments of the applicable Class with the same Maturity Date) and on identical terms to each such Lender (including as
to the proposed interest rates and fees payable, but excluding any arrangement, structuring or other similar fees payable in connection
therewith that are not generally shared with all relevant Lenders), the Borrowers may from time to time extend the maturity date of any
Revolving Credit Commitments and otherwise modify the terms of such Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to the terms of the relevant
Extension Offer (including, without limitation, by increasing the interest rate or fees payable in respect of such Revolving Credit Commitments
(and related outstandings)) (each, an Extension), and each group of Revolving Credit Commitments, in each case as
so extended, as well as the original Revolving Credit Commitments (in each case not so extended), being a tranche
or Existing Revolver Tranche as applicable; any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall constitute a separate tranche of Revolving
Credit Commitments from the tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments from which they were converted so long as the following terms are
satisfied:

(i)no
Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time the offering document in respect of an Extension Offer is delivered to the
Lenders,

(ii)except
as to interest rates, fees and final maturity (which shall be identical as offered to each Lender under the relevant tranche), the Revolving
Credit Commitment of any Revolving Credit Lender (an Extending Revolving Credit Lender) extended pursuant to an
Extension (an Extended Revolving Credit Commitment), and the related outstandings, shall be a Revolving Credit Commitment
(or related outstandings, as the case may be) with the identical terms as the original Revolving Credit Commitments (and related outstandings);
provided that (x) subject to the provisions of Sections 2.03(l) and 2.04(g) to the extent relating
to Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit which mature or expire after a Maturity Date when there exist Extended Revolving Credit Commitments
with a longer Maturity Date, all Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit shall be participated in on a pro rata basis by all Lenders
with Revolving Credit Commitments in accordance with their Pro Rata Share of such Revolving Credit Commitments (and except as provided
in Sections 2.03(l) and 2.04(g), without giving effect to changes thereto on an earlier Maturity Date with respect
to Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit theretofore incurred or issued) and all borrowings under Revolving Credit Commitments and repayments
thereunder shall be made on a pro rata basis (except for (A) payments of interest and fees on Extended Revolving Credit Commitments
(and related outstandings) at different rates from the original Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that such interest and
fees shall be identical for each Lender under the Extended Revolving Credit Commitment and (B) repayments required upon the Maturity
Date of the non-extending Revolving Credit Commitments) and (y) at no time shall there be Revolving Credit Commitments hereunder
(including Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, Refinancing Revolving Commitments and any original Revolving Credit Commitments) which
have more than three (3) different Maturity Dates or three (3) different tranches,

(iii)[reserved],

(iv)[reserved],

93

(v)[reserved],

(vi)[reserved],

(vii)if
the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Credit Commitments in respect of which Revolving Credit Lenders shall have accepted the relevant
Extension Offer shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Revolving Credit Commitments offered to be extended by the Lead
Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Revolving Credit Loans of such Revolving Credit Lenders shall be extended ratably
up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which
such Revolving Credit Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer,

(viii)all
documentation in respect of such Extension shall be consistent with the foregoing, and all written communications by either Borrower
generally directed to the Lenders in connection therewith shall be in form and substance consistent with the foregoing and otherwise
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and

(ix)any
applicable Minimum Extension Condition shall be satisfied unless waived by the Lead Borrower.

(b)If,
at the time any Extension of Revolving Credit Commitments becomes effective, there will be Extended Revolving Credit Commitments which
remain in effect from a prior Extension, then if the effective interest rate, effective unused commitment fee rate
or effective letter of credit fronting fee rate (which, for this purpose, shall, in each case, be reasonably determined
by the Administrative Agent and shall take into account any interest rate floors or similar devices and be deemed to include (without
duplication) all fees (except to the extent independently taken into account as commitment fees under Section 2.09(a) or
Letter of Credit fronting fees under Section 2.03(i)), including up front or similar fees or original issue discount (amortized
over the shorter of (x) the life of such new Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and (y) the four years following the date
of the respective Extension) payable to Lenders with such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, but excluding any arrangement, structuring
or other fees payable in connection therewith that are not generally shared with the relevant extending Lenders) and customary consent
fees paid generally to consenting Lenders in respect of the Extended Revolving Credit Commitments (and related extensions of credit)
shall at any time (over the life of the Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and related extensions of credit) exceed by more than 0.50%
the effective interest rate, effective unused commitment fee rate or effective letter of credit fronting
fee rate applicable to Revolving Credit Commitments (or outstanding extensions of credit pursuant thereto) which were extended
pursuant to one or more prior Extensions (determined on the same basis as provided in the first parenthetical in this sentence), then
the Applicable Margin and/or Letter of Credit fronting fee applicable thereto shall be increased to the extent necessary so that at all
times thereafter the Extended Revolving Credit Commitments made pursuant to previous Extensions (and related extensions of credit) do
not receive less effective interest rate, effective unused commitment fee rate and/or effective letter
of credit fronting fees than are applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments (and related extensions of credit) made (or extended)
pursuant to such Extension. .

(c)With
respect to all Extensions consummated by the Borrowers pursuant to this Section 2.18, (i) such Extensions shall not
constitute voluntary or mandatory payments or prepayments for purposes of Section 2.05 and (ii) no Extension Offer is
required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum increment, provided that the Lead Borrower may at its election specify as
a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition) to consummating any such Extension that a minimum amount (to be
determined and specified in the relevant Extension Offer in the Lead Borrowers sole discretion and may be waived by the Lead Borrower)
of Revolving Credit Commitments of any or all applicable tranches be tendered. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent
to the Extensions and the other transactions contemplated by this Section 2.18 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment
of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments on the such terms as may be set forth in the
relevant Extension Offer) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 2.05
and 2.13) or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any such Extension or any other transaction contemplated
by this Section 2.18.

94

(d)The
Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent to enter into amendments to this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents with the Borrowers (each an Extension Amendment), as may be necessary in order to establish
new tranches or sub-tranches in respect of Revolving Credit Commitments so extended and such technical amendments as may be necessary
or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower in connection with the establishment of such
new tranches or sub-tranches, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.18. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each
of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to seek the advice or concurrence
of the Required Lenders with respect to any matter contemplated by this Section 2.18(d) and, if either the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent seeks such advice or concurrence, it shall be permitted to enter into such amendments with the Lead Borrower
in accordance with any instructions actually received by such Required Lenders and shall also be entitled to refrain from entering into
such amendments with the Lead Borrower unless and until it shall have received such advice or concurrence; provided, however,
that whether or not there has been a request by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent for any such advice or concurrence,
all such amendments entered into with the Lead Borrower by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder shall be binding
and conclusive on the Lenders. Without limiting the foregoing, in connection with any Extensions the respective Loan Parties shall (at
their expense) amend (and the Collateral Agent is hereby directed to amend) any Mortgage that has a maturity date prior to the then latest
Maturity Date so that such maturity date is extended to the then latest Maturity Date (or such later date as may be advised by local
counsel to the Collateral Agent).

(e)In
connection with any Extension, the Lead Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days (or
such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures, if
any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes
of this Section 2.18. No Lender shall have any obligation to agree to have any of its Revolving Credit Commitments amended
into Extended Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to any Extension Offer. Any Extending Revolving Credit Lender wishing to have all
or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitments under the Existing Revolver Tranche subject to such Extension Offer amended into Extended
Revolving Credit Commitments shall notify the Administrative Agent (each, an Extension Election) on or prior to
the date specified in such Extension Offer of the amount of its Revolving Credit Commitments under the Existing Revolver Tranche which
it has elected to request be amended into Extended Revolving Credit Commitments (subject to any minimum denomination requirements imposed
by the Administrative Agent). In the event that the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Credit Commitments under the Existing Revolver
Tranche in respect of which applicable Revolving Credit Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer exceeds the amount of
Extended Revolving Credit Commitments requested to be extended pursuant to the Extension Offer, Revolving Credit Commitments subject
to Extension Elections shall be amended to Revolving Credit Commitments on a pro rata basis (subject to rounding by the Administrative
Agent, which shall be conclusive) based on the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Credit Commitments included in each such Extension
Election.

95

Section 2.19Defaulting
Lenders.

(a)Adjustments.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time
as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:

(i)Waivers
and Amendments. That Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this
Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 10.01.

(ii)Reallocation
of Payments. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that
Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) shall be applied at
such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by
that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts
owing by that Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; third, if so determined by the Administrative
Agent or requested by the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, to be held as Cash Collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting
Lender of any participation in any Swing Line Loan or Letter of Credit; fourth, as the Lead Borrower may request (so long as no
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has
failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined
by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy
obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders,
the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the L/C
Issuer or Swing Line Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under
this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the payment of any amounts
owing to the Lead Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Lead Borrower against that
Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to
that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is
a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its
appropriate share and (y) such Loans or L/C Borrowings were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02
were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Borrowings owed to, all Non-Defaulting
Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Borrowings owed to, that Defaulting
Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed
by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.19(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected
by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.

(iii)Certain
Fees. That Defaulting Lender (x) shall not be entitled to receive any commitment fee pursuant to Section 2.09(a) for
any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Lead Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise
would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender) and (y) shall be limited in its right to receive Letter of
Credit fees as provided in Section 2.03(h).

96

(iv)Reallocation
of Pro Rata Share to Reduce Fronting Exposure. During any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender, for purposes of computing
the amount of the obligation of each Non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit or Swing
Line Loans pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.04, the Pro Rata Share of each Non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving
Credit Loans and L/C Obligations shall be computed without giving effect to the Participating Revolving Credit Commitment of that Defaulting
Lender; provided that (i) each such reallocation shall be given effect only if, at the date the applicable Lender becomes
a Defaulting Lender, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and (ii) the aggregate obligation of each Non-Defaulting
Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans shall not exceed the positive difference,
if any, of (1) the Participating Revolving Credit Commitment of that Non-Defaulting Lender minus (2) the sum of (A) the
aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Loans of that Non-Defaulting Lender under such Participating Revolving Credit Commitments plus
(B) such Non-Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations and Swing Line Obligations
at such time. Subject to Section 11.19, no reallocation hereto shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party
hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting
Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lenders increased exposure following such reallocation.

(b)Defaulting
Lender Cure. If the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer agree in writing in their sole
discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the
parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may
include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding
Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Revolving
Credit Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by
the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Share (without giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iv)), whereupon that Lender
will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or
payments made by or on behalf of the Lead Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that
except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute
a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender.

Section 2.20Borrower
Obligations Joint and Several. (a) Each Borrower hereby designates and appoints the
Lead Borrower as its agent, attorney-in-fact and legal representative on its behalf for all purposes, including issuing Committed Loan
Notices and Swing Line Loan Notices; delivering Compliance Certificates; giving instructions with respect to the disbursement of the
proceeds of the Loans; paying, prepaying and reducing loans, commitments, or any other amounts owing under the Loan Documents; selecting
interest rate options; giving, receiving, accepting and rejecting all other notices, consents or other communications hereunder or under
any of the other Loan Documents; and taking all other actions (including in respect of compliance with covenants) on behalf of any Borrower
or the Borrowers under the Loan Documents. The Lead Borrower hereby accepts such appointment. The Administrative Agent and each Lender
may regard any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document from the Lead Borrower on behalf of one or more Borrowers
as a notice or communication from such Borrower. Each warranty, covenant, agreement and undertaking made on behalf of the Co-Borrower
by the Lead Borrower shall be deemed for all purposes to have been made by such Borrower and shall be binding upon and enforceable against
such Borrower to the same extent as if the same had been made directly by such Borrower. Any action, notice, delivery, receipt, acceptance,
approval, rejection or any other undertaking under any of the Loan Documents to be made by the Lead Borrower in respect of the Obligations
of the Co-Borrower shall be deemed, where applicable, to be made in the Lead Borrowers capacity as representative and agent on
behalf of each Borrower, and any such action, notice, delivery, receipt, acceptance, approval, rejection or other undertaking shall be
deemed for all purposes to have been made by such Borrower and shall be binding upon and enforceable against such Borrower to the same
extent as if the same had been made directly by such Borrower.

97

(b)The
Borrowers shall have joint and several liability in respect of all Obligations hereunder and under any other Loan Document to which any
Borrower is a party, without regard to any defense (other than the defense that payment in full in Same Day Funds has been made), setoff
or counterclaim which may at any time be available to or be asserted by any other Loan Party against the Lenders, or by any other circumstance
whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the Borrowers) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable
or legal discharge of either Borrowers liability hereunder, in bankruptcy or in any other instance, and the Obligations of the
Borrowers hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Lenders or any other person at any time of any right
or remedy against either Borrower or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Obligations
or against any Collateral or Guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that this
Agreement is the joint and several obligation of each Borrower (regardless of which Borrower shall have delivered a Request for Credit
Extension) and may be enforced against each Borrower separately, whether or not enforcement of any right or remedy hereunder has been
sought against any other Borrower. Each Borrower hereby expressly waives, with respect to any of the Loans made to any other Borrower
hereunder and any of the amounts owing hereunder by such other Loan Parties in respect of such Loans, diligence, presentment, demand
of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power
or remedy or proceed against such other Loan Parties under this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or
against any other person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of such amounts owing hereunder.

Article III

Taxes, Increased
Costs Protection and Illegality

Section 3.01Taxes.

(a)Payments
Free of Taxes. Except as provided in this Section 3.01, or as required by applicable Law, any and all payments made by
or on account of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any
and all present or future Taxes, excluding, in the case of each Agent and each Lender, (1) Taxes imposed on or measured by its net
income, however denominated, franchise (and similar) Taxes imposed on it in lieu of net income Taxes, and branch profits Taxes,
in each case, (i) imposed by a jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which such Lender or
Administrative Agent is organized or the jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which such Lenders
or Administrative Agents principal office or applicable Lending Office is located, or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes,
(2) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 3.01(d), and (3) any U.S. federal
withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA (all such excluded taxes being hereinafter referred to as Excluded Taxes,
and all non-excluded Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party, being
hereinafter referred to as Indemnified Taxes). If the Loan Party or other applicable withholding agent shall be
required by any Laws to deduct or withhold any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under any Loan Document to any Recipient,
(i) if such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, the sum payable by such Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that
after making all required deductions or withholdings (including deductions or withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under
this Section 3.01), each of such Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions
or withholdings been made, (ii) the applicable withholding agent shall make such deductions or withholdings, (iii) the applicable
withholding agent shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance
with applicable Laws, and (iv) within thirty (30) days after the date of such payment (or, if receipts or evidence are not available
within thirty (30) days, as soon as possible thereafter), if the Loan Party is the applicable withholding agent, such Loan Party shall
furnish to the Agent the original or a copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof or other evidence reasonably acceptable to the Agent.

98

In addition, each Borrower
(jointly and severally) agrees to pay any and all present and future stamp, transfer, sales and use, court or documentary taxes and any
other excise, property, intangible or mortgage recording taxes, or charges or levies of the same character, imposed by any Governmental
Authority, which arise from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration
of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, including additions to tax, penalties and interest related thereto (all taxes described
in this paragraph of Section 3.01(a) being hereinafter referred to as Other Taxes), save for any Luxembourg
Taxes payable due to the registration of a Loan Document with the Administration de lEnregistrement at des Domaines in
Luxembourg or in connection with any registration of a Loan Document for the purposes of any court proceedings before a Luxembourg court
or any presentation before a public authority in Luxembourg ("autorit constitue"), except in circumstances
where: (i) the registration or presentation of a Loan Document is required or ordered by the relevant Luxembourg court or public
authority in connection with any proceedings or matters pending before such court or authority; or (ii) the registration or presentation
of a Loan Document is necessary for the exercise of the rights under such Loan Document and the protection, preservation or maintenance
of such rights; or (iii) the registration or presentation of a Loan Document is mandatorily required by law.

(b)Indemnification
by the Borrowers.Each Borrower (jointly and severally) and
each Guarantor agrees to indemnify each Recipient for (i) the full amount of Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes payable by such Recipient
and (ii) any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, provided such Recipient, as the case may be,
provides the Lead Borrower or such Guarantor with a written statement thereof setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and calculation
of such amounts.

(c)Indemnification
by the Lenders.To the extent required by any applicable law,
the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax. Each Lender
shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes
or Other Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative
Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable
to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.07(e) relating to the maintenance of a Participant
Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative
Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such
Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment
or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes
the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise
payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this
paragraph (c).

99

(d)Tax
Administration Formalities.

A.Each
Recipient that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document
shall deliver to the requesting Loan Party and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the such Loan Party
or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by such Loan Party or the Administrative
Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding (if any). Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the preceding sentence, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation shall not be required if in
the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission (1) would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed
cost or expense (it being understood that the completion, execution and submission of any documentation no more burdensome than that
required for U.S. federal income withholding will not for purposes of this subsection (1) give rise to an exception from the preceding
sentence and shall not be considered material unreimbursed cost or expense) or (2) would materially prejudice the legal or commercial
position of such Lender (it being understood that the completion, execution and submission of the applicable IRS Form W-8 shall
not give rise to an exception from the preceding sentence or otherwise be considered prejudicial to the position of a Recipient); provided,
however, that in no event shall the Lenders be required to provide its tax returns or its calculations.

B.Each
Recipient shall confirm whether it is entitled to receive payments under any Loan Document free from withholding under FATCA and shall
provide any documentation, forms and other information relating to its status under FATCA reasonably requested by the Loan Parties sufficient
for the Loan Parties to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine whether such Recipient has complied with such applicable
reporting requirements.

Each Recipient agrees that
if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form
or certification, provide such successor form, or promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal
inability to do so.

(e)Designation
of Different Lending Office. If any Recipient requests compensation under Section 3.04, or requires the Borrowers or
any Loan Party to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Recipient or any Governmental Authority for the account of any
Recipient pursuant to Section 3.01, then such Recipient shall (at the request of the Lead Borrower) use reasonable efforts
to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder
to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Recipient, such designation or assignment (i) would
eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) would
not subject such Recipient to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Recipient. The Borrowers
hereby agree to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Recipient in connection with any such designation or assignment.

(f)Treatment
of Certain Refunds.If any Recipient determines, in its sole
discretion, that it has received a refund in respect of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which indemnification or additional
amounts have been paid to it by any Loan Party pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall promptly remit such refund to the
Loan Party, net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Recipient, as the case may be and without interest (other than any interest
paid by the relevant taxing authority with respect to such refund net of any Taxes payable by any Recipient on such interest); provided
that the Loan Parties, upon the request of the Recipient, as the case may be, agree promptly to return such refund (plus any
penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant taxing authority) to such party in the event such party is required to repay
such refund to the relevant taxing authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will the Recipient
be required to pay any amount to the Loan Party pursuant to this paragraph (f) the payment of which would place the Recipient in
a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Recipient would have been in if the Taxes subject to indemnification and giving rise
to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect
to such Taxes had never been paid. This section shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or
any other information relating to Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrowers or any other Person.

100

(g)Survival.
Each partys obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative
Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction
or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

(h)All
amounts set forth in a Loan Document to be payable by any Loan Party to a Lender or Agent which (in whole or in part) constitute the
consideration for a supply or supplies for VAT purposes shall be deemed to be exclusive of any VAT which is chargeable on such supply
or supplies, and accordingly, subject to paragraph (j) below, if VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Lender or
Agent to any Loan Party under a Loan Document and such Lender or Agent is required to account to the relevant taxing authority for the
VAT, that Loan Party shall pay to the relevant Lender or Agent (in addition to and at the same time as paying any other consideration
for such supply) an amount equal to the amount of such VAT (and such Lender or Agent shall promptly provide an appropriate VAT invoice
to such Loan Party).

(i)If
VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Lender or Agent (the Supplier) to any other Lender or Agent
(the Recipient) under a Loan Document, and any Loan Party other than the Recipient (the Subject Party)
is required by the terms of any Loan Document to pay an amount equal to the consideration for such supply to the Supplier (rather than
being required to reimburse the Recipient in respect of that consideration) (i) (where the Supplier is the Person required to account
to the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Subject Party must also pay to the Supplier (at the same time as paying that amount) an
additional amount equal to the amount of the VAT. The Recipient must (where this sub-paragraph (i) applies) promptly pay to the
Subject Party an amount equal to any credit or repayment the Recipient receives from the relevant tax authority which the Recipient reasonably
determines relates to the VAT chargeable on that supply; and (ii) (where the Recipient is the person required to account to the
relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Subject Party must promptly, following demand from the Recipient, pay to the Recipient an amount
equal to the VAT chargeable on that supply but only to the extent that the Recipient reasonably determines that it is not entitled to
credit or repayment from the relevant tax authority in respect of that VAT.

(j)Where
a Loan Document requires any Loan Party to reimburse or indemnify a Lender or Agent for any cost or expense, that Loan Party shall reimburse
or indemnify (as the case may be) such Lender or Agent for the full amount of such cost or expense, including such part thereof as represents
VAT, save to the extent that such Lender or Agent reasonably determines that it is entitled to credit or repayment in respect of such
VAT from the relevant tax authority.

(k)Any
reference in paragraphs 3.01(h)-(l) to any Party shall, at any time when such Party is treated as a member of a group or unity (or
fiscal unity) for VAT purposes, include (where appropriate and unless the context otherwise requires) a reference to the person who is
treated at that time as making the supply, or (as appropriate) receiving the supply, under the grouping rules (provided for in Article 11
of Council Directive 2006/112/EC (or as implemented by the relevant member state of the European Union) or any other similar provision
in any jurisdiction which is not a member state of the European Union) so that a reference to a Party shall be construed as a reference
to that Party or the relevant group or unity (or fiscal unity) of which that Party is a member for VAT purposes at the relevant time
or the relevant representative member (or head) of that group or unity (or fiscal unity) at the relevant time (as the case may be).

101

(l)In
relation to any supply made by a Party to any other Party under a Loan Document, if reasonably requested by such Party, that other Party
must promptly provide such Party with details of that other Partys VAT registration and such other information as is reasonably
requested in connection with such Partys VAT reporting requirements in relation to such supply.

(m)[reserved].

Section 3.02Illegality.
If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for
any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Benchmark Rate Loans (whether denominated in Dollars or Euros),
then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Lead Borrower through the Administrative Agent, any obligation of such Lender to make or
continue Benchmark Rate Loans in the affected currency or currencies shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative
Agent and the Lead Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the
Lead Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or (I) if applicable, and such
Loans are denominated in Dollars, convert all of such Lenders Benchmark Rate Loans to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which
Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference
to the Benchmark Rate component of the Base Rate) or (II) if applicable, and such Loans are denominated in Euros, to the extent
the Lead Borrower and all Appropriate Lenders agree, convert such Loans to Loans bearing interest at an alternative rate mutually acceptable
to the Lead Borrower and all of the Appropriate Lenders, in each case, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such
Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Benchmark Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue
to maintain such Benchmark Rate Loans; and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest
rates based upon the Benchmark Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable
to such Lender without reference to the Benchmark Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such
Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Benchmark Rate. Upon any such
prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted and all amounts due, if
any, in connection with such prepayment or conversion under Section 3.05. Each Lender agrees to designate a different Lending
Office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the good faith judgment of such Lender, otherwise be
materially disadvantageous to such Lender.

Section 3.03Inability
to Determine Rates.

(1) Solely with respect to the Revolving Credit
Loans denominated in Euros and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary:

(a) If the Required
Lenders determine that for any reason (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the EURIBOR Rate for any requested
Interest Period with respect to a proposed EURIBOR Rate Loan, or (ii) that the EURIBOR Rate for any requested Interest Period with
respect to a proposed EURIBOR Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, or (iii) that
Euro deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank eurodollar, or other applicable, market for the applicable amount
and the Interest Period of such EURIBOR Rate Loan (in each case with respect to the Revolving Credit Loans in the event of clause (iii),
the Impacted Loans), the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Lead Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter,
the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain EURIBOR Rate Loans shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction
of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Lead Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing
of or continuation of such EURIBOR Rate Loans or, failing that, the Lead Borrower and the Lenders may establish a mutually acceptable
alternative rate.

102

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Required Lenders have made the determination described in clause (iii) of this Section, the Administrative Agent and the
Required Lenders may, with the consent of the Borrowers (consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), establish
an alternative interest rate for the Impacted Loans, in which case, such alternative rate of interest shall apply with respect to the
Impacted Loans until (1) the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes the notice delivered with
respect to the Impacted Loans under clause (iii) of the first sentence of this Section, in which case the EURIBOR Rate shall be
determined as otherwise provided in this Agreement, (2) the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders)
notifies the Borrowers that such alternative interest rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding
the Impacted Loans, or (3) any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted
that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by
reference to such alternative rate of interest or to determine or charge interest rates based upon such rate or any Governmental Authority
has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to do any of the foregoing and provides the Administrative Agent and
the Borrowers written notice thereof, in which case of preceding clause (2) or (3), the obligation of the Lenders to make
or maintain EURIBOR Rate Loans shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes
the notice referred to in clause (2) or (3), as applicable.

(b) [Reserved].

(2) Solely with respect to the Revolving Credit
Loans denominated in Dollars and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary:

If, on or prior to the first
day of any Interest Period for any SOFR Loan:

(a)the
Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term SOFR
cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or

(b)the
applicable Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or
a continuation thereof that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and
fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Loan, and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such
determination to the Administrative Agent, then, in each case, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Lead Borrower
and each Lender.

Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent
to the Lead Borrower, any obligation of the applicable Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Lead Borrower to continue SOFR
Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest
Periods) until the Administrative Agent (with respect to clause (b), at the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice.
Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Lead Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation
of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Lead Borrower will be deemed
to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein
and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable
Interest Period. Upon any such conversion, the Lead Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with
any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. If the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof
on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term
SOFR component of the definition of Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination.

103

Section 3.04Increased
Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy; Reserves on Benchmark Rate Loans. (a) If
any Lender reasonably determines that as a result of the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any Law, in each
case after the Closing Date, or such Lenders compliance therewith, there shall be any increase in the cost to such Lender of agreeing
to make or making, funding or maintaining any Benchmark Rate Loans or (as the case may be) issuing or participating in Letters of Credit,
or a reduction in the amount received or receivable by such Lender in connection with any of the foregoing (excluding for purposes of
this Section 3.04(a) any such increased costs or reduction in amount resulting from (1) Indemnified Taxes, Other
Taxes or Excluded Taxes or (2) reserve requirements contemplated by Section 3.04(c)) and the result of any of the foregoing
shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Benchmark Rate Loan (or of maintaining its obligations to make
any Loan), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, then from time to time within fifteen (15) days
after demand by such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail such increased costs (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative
Agent given in accordance with Section 3.06), the Borrowers shall pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate
such Lender for such increased cost or reduction.

(b)If
any Lender determines that the introduction of any Law regarding capital adequacy or any change therein or in the interpretation thereof,
in each case after the Closing Date, or compliance by such Lender (or its Lending Office) therewith, has the effect of reducing the rate
of return on the capital of such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender as a consequence of such Lenders obligations
hereunder (taking into consideration its policies with respect to capital adequacy and such Lenders desired return on capital),
then from time to time upon demand of such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the charge and the calculation of such reduced rate
of return (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent given in accordance with Section 3.06), the Borrowers shall
pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender for such reduction within fifteen (15) days after receipt of
such demand.

(c)The
Borrowers shall pay to each Lender, (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities
or assets consisting of or including eurocurrency funds or deposits, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each applicable
Benchmark Rate Loan of the Borrowers equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined
by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error), and (ii) as long as such
Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any other central banking or financial
regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of any Benchmark Rate Loans of the Borrowers
such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal
to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination
shall be conclusive absent manifest error) which in each case shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such
Loan, provided the Lead Borrower shall have received at least fifteen (15) days prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent) of such additional interest or cost from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice fifteen (15) days prior to the relevant
Interest Payment Date, such additional interest or cost shall be due and payable fifteen (15) days from receipt of such notice.

(d)[Reserved].

104

(e)Failure
or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of
such Lenders right to demand such compensation.

(f)If
any Lender requests compensation under this Section 3.04, then such Lender will, if requested by the Lead Borrower, use reasonable
efforts to designate another Lending Office for any Loan or Letter of Credit affected by such event; provided that such efforts
are made on terms that, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its Lending Office(s) to suffer no material
economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, and provided further that nothing in this Section 3.04(f) shall affect
or postpone any of the Obligations of the Borrowers or the rights of such Lender pursuant to Section 3.04(a), (b) or
(c).

(g)For
purposes of this Section 3.04, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules,
regulations, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements
and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or
similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall, in each case, be
deemed to have gone into effect after the date hereof, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

Section 3.05Funding
Losses. Upon written demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from
time to time, which demand shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such amount, the Borrowers shall promptly compensate
such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense actually incurred by it as a result of:

(a)any
continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Benchmark Rate Loan of either Borrower on a day other than the last day of the
Interest Period for such Loan; or

(b)any
failure by the Borrowers (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any
Benchmark Rate Loan of the Borrowers on the date or in the amount notified by the Lead Borrower;

including any loss or expense (excluding loss
of anticipated profits) arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable
to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained.

Section 3.06Matters
Applicable to All Requests for Compensation. (a) Any Agent or any Lender claiming
compensation under this Article III shall deliver a certificate to the Lead Borrower setting forth the additional amount
or amounts to be paid to it hereunder which shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. In determining such amount, such Agent
or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods.

(b)With
respect to any Lenders claim for compensation under Section 3.01, 3.02, 3.03 or 3.04, the Lead
Borrower shall not be required to compensate such Lender for any amount incurred more than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to
the date that such Lender notifies the Lead Borrower of the event that gives rise to such claim; provided that, if the circumstance
giving rise to such claim is retroactive, then such 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive
effect thereof. If any Lender requests compensation by the Borrowers under Section 3.04, the Lead Borrower may, by notice
to such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), suspend the obligation of such Lender to make or continue from one Interest
Period to another applicable Benchmark Rate Loan, or, if applicable, to convert Base Rate Loans into Benchmark Rate Loans, until the
event or condition giving rise to such request ceases to be in effect (in which case the provisions of Section 3.06(c) shall
be applicable); provided that such suspension shall not affect the right of such Lender to receive the compensation so requested.

105

(c)If
the obligation of any Lender to make or continue any Benchmark Rate Loan, or to convert Base Rate Loans into Benchmark Rate Loans, shall
be suspended pursuant to Section 3.06(b) hereof, such Lenders applicable Benchmark Rate Loans shall be automatically
converted into Base Rate Loans (or, if such conversion is not possible, repaid) on the last day(s) of the then current Interest
Period(s) for such Benchmark Rate Loans (or, in the case of any immediate conversion required by Section 3.02, on such
earlier date as required by Law) and, unless and until such Lender gives notice as provided below that the circumstances specified in
Section 3.02, 3.03 or 3.04 hereof that gave rise to such conversion no longer exist:

(i)to
the extent that such Lenders Benchmark Rate Loans have been so converted, all payments and prepayments of principal that would
otherwise be applied to such Lenders applicable Benchmark Rate Loans shall be applied instead to its Base Rate Loans; and

(ii)all
Loans that would otherwise be made or continued from one Interest Period to another by such Lender as Benchmark Rate Loans shall be made
or continued instead as Base Rate Loans (if possible), and all Base Rate Loans of such Lender that would otherwise be converted into
Benchmark Rate Loans shall remain as Base Rate Loans.

(d)If
any Lender gives notice to the Lead Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) that the circumstances specified in Section 3.02,
3.03 or 3.04 hereof that gave rise to the conversion of any of such Lenders Benchmark Rate Loans pursuant to this
Section 3.06 no longer exist (which such Lender agrees to do promptly upon such circumstances ceasing to exist) at a time
when Benchmark Rate Loans made by other Lenders under the applicable Facility are outstanding, if applicable, such Lenders Base
Rate Loans shall be automatically converted, on the first day(s) of the next succeeding Interest Period(s) for such outstanding
Benchmark Rate Loans, to the extent necessary so that, after giving effect thereto, all Loans held by the Lenders holding Benchmark Rate
Loans under such Facility and by such Lender are held pro rata (as to principal amounts, interest rate basis, and Interest Periods)
in accordance with their respective Commitments for the applicable Facility.

Section 3.07Replacement
of Lenders under Certain Circumstances. (a) If at any time (i) the Borrowers
become obligated to pay additional amounts or indemnity payments described in Section 3.01 or 3.04 as a result of
any condition described in such Sections or any Lender ceases to make any Benchmark Rate Loans as a result of any condition described
in Section 3.02 or Section 3.04, (ii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender or (iii) any Lender becomes
a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Lead Borrower may on ten (10) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative
Agent and such Lender and, in the case of clause (y) below only, with the prior written consent of the Required Lenders; provided
that such consent shall not be required in the case of the termination of Commitments of Defaulting Lenders, (x) replace such
Lender by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated to) assign, at par, pursuant to Section 10.07(b) (with
the assignment fee to be paid by the Lead Borrower in such instance) all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (in respect
of any applicable Facility only in the case of clause (i) or with respect to a class vote, clause (iii)) to one or more
Eligible Assignees, none of which shall constitute a Defaulting Lender; provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any
Lender shall have any obligation to the Lead Borrower to find a replacement Lender or other such Person; and provided further
that (A) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required
to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments and (B) in
the case of any such assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable Eligible Assignees shall have
agreed to, and shall be sufficient (together with all other consenting Lenders) to cause the adoption of, the applicable departure, waiver
or amendment of the Loan Documents; or (y) terminate the Commitment of such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, and (1) in
the case of a Lender (other than an L/C Issuer in its capacity as such), repay all Obligations of the Lead Borrower owing to such Lender
relating to the Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date and (2) in the case of an L/C Issuer, repay
all Obligations of the Lead Borrower owing to such L/C Issuer relating to the Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer as of such
termination date and cancel or backstop on terms and issued by an issuer reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer any Letters of Credit
issued by it; provided that in the case of any such termination of a Non-Consenting Lender such termination shall be sufficient
(together with all other consenting Lenders) to cause the adoption of the applicable departure, waiver or amendment of the Loan Documents
and such termination shall be in respect of any applicable facility only in the case of clause (i) or with respect to a class
vote, clause (iii).

106

(b)Any
Lender being replaced pursuant to Section 3.07(a) above shall (i) execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption
with respect to such Lenders applicable Commitment and outstanding Loans and participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line
Loans in respect thereof, and (ii) deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Lead Borrower or Administrative Agent. Pursuant
to such Assignment and Assumption, (A) the assignee Lender shall acquire all or a portion, as the case may be, of the assigning
Lenders Commitment and outstanding Loans and participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans, (B) all obligations
of the Borrowers owing to the assigning Lender relating to the Loans, Commitments and participations so assigned shall be paid in full
by the assignee Lender to such assigning Lender (other than any amounts owing to the assigning Lender pursuant to Section 3.05,
which shall be paid in full by the Borrower) concurrently with such Assignment and Assumption and (C) upon such payment and, if
so requested by the assignee Lender, delivery to the assignee Lender of the appropriate Note or Notes executed by the Borrowers, the
assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder and the assigning Lender shall cease to constitute a Lender hereunder with respect to
such assigned Loans, Commitments and participations, except with respect to indemnification provisions under this Agreement, which shall
survive as to such assigning Lender. In connection with any such replacement, if any such Non-Consenting Lender or Defaulting Lender
does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly executed Assignment and Assumption reflecting such replacement within
five (5) Business Days of the date on which the assignee Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Assumption to such Non-Consenting
Lender or Defaulting Lender, then such Non-Consenting Lender or Defaulting Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such
Assignment and Assumption without any action on the part of the Non-Consenting Lender or Defaulting Lender.

(c)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained above, any Lender that acts as an L/C Issuer may not be replaced hereunder at any time that it has
any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer (including the furnishing of
a back-up standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer or the depositing
of cash collateral into a cash collateral account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer)
have been made with respect to each such outstanding Letter of Credit and the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be
replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.09.

(d)In
the event that (i) the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent has requested that the Lenders consent to a departure or waiver
of any provisions of the Loan Documents or agree to any amendment thereto, (ii) the consent, waiver or amendment in question requires
the agreement of all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 or all the Lenders with respect to a
certain Class of the Loans and (iii) the Required Lenders (or, in the case of a consent, waiver or amendment involving all
affected Lenders of a certain Class, the Required Class Lenders) have agreed (but solely to the extent required by Section 10.01)
to such consent, waiver or amendment, then any Lender who does not agree to such consent, waiver or amendment shall be deemed a Non-Consenting
Lender.

Section 3.08Survival.
All of obligations of the Lead Borrower and the Co-Borrower under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate
Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder.

107

Article IV

Conditions
Precedent to Credit Extensions

Section 4.01First
Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make Loans, and the obligation of the L/C
Issuers to issue Letters of Credit, on the Closing Date, is subject at the time of the making of such Loans or the issuance of such Letters
of Credit to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a)Credit
Agreement; Notes. This Agreement shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers and each Closing Date Guarantor and
there shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of each of the Lenders that has so requested, a Note executed
by the Borrowers, in each case in the amount, maturity and as otherwise provided herein.

(b)Security.
(i) The Administrative Agent shall have received (if applicable) the results of (x) Uniform Commercial Code lien searches and
(y) judgment and tax lien searches and other customary searches, made with respect to the Domestic Subsidiaries in the states or
other jurisdictions of formation of such Person and with respect to such other locations and names listed on the Perfection Certificate,
together with (in the case of clause (x)) copies of the financing statements (or similar documents) disclosed by such search, (ii) the
Security Agreement shall have been duly executed and delivered by each Domestic Subsidiary, (iii) each of the other Collateral Documents
set forth on Schedule 4.01(b) shall have been duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto, together with, in respect
of (ii) above, (x) certificates, if any, representing the pledged Equity Interest of the Subsidiary Guarantors accompanied
(where applicable) by undated stock powers executed in blank (or the equivalent in other jurisdictions) and (y) documents and instruments
to be delivered, recorded, filed or stamped (including the UCC financial statements and registration with ACRA) that the Administrative
Agent may deem reasonably necessary to satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and any other evidence in relation to the creation
and perfection of the Collateral in non-U.S. jurisdictions in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Documents, subject to Section 6.18.

(c)Legal
Opinions. The Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of itself,
the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, an opinion of (i) Ropes & Gray LLP, as Delaware and New York counsel for the
Loan Parties, (ii) LOYENS & LOEFF LUXEMBOURG SARL, as Luxembourg counsel for the Loan Parties, and Loyens & Loeff Switzerland
LLC, as Swiss counsel for the Loan Parties, (iii) NautaDutilh Avocats Luxembourg S. r.l. (socit responsabilit
limite) as Luxembourg counsel for the Administrative Agent, (iv) NautaDutilh N.V., as Dutch counsel for the Administrative
Agent, (v) [reserved], (vi) William Fry LLP, as Irish counsel for the Administrative Agent, (vii) Reed Smith LLP, as Singapore and Hong
Kong counsel for the Loan Parties, (viii) White & Case Advokat AB, as Swedish counsel for the Administrative Agent, (ix) Asianajotoimisto
White & Case Oy, as Finnish counsel for the Administrative Agent and (x) Kim & Chang, as Korean counsel for the Administrative
Agent, in each case, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the L/C Issuers, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders,
in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and customary for senior secured credit facilities
in transactions of this kind.

(d)Solvency
Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate from the chief financial officer of the Lead Borrower,
in the form of Exhibit I hereto.

108

(e)Luxembourg
Deliverables. The Administrative Agent shall have received for each Luxembourg Loan Party, (i) an excerpt from the RCS dated
no earlier than one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date, (ii) a certificate of non-registration of judicial decisions
or of administrative dissolution without liquidation (certificat de non-inscription dune dcision judiciaire ou de dissolution
administrative sans liquidation), issued by the Luxembourg Insolvency Register in respect of the Luxembourg Loan Party no earlier
than one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date certifying that, as of the date of the day immediately preceding such certificate,
the Luxembourg Loan Party has not been declared bankrupt (en faillite), and that it has not applied for general settlement, administrative
dissolution without liquidation (dissolution administrative sans liquidation), or reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement),
judicial or voluntary liquidation (liquidation judiciaire ou volontaire), such other proceedings listed at Article 13, items
4 to 12, 16 and 17 of the Luxembourg Act dated December 19, 2002 on the Register of Commerce and Companies, on Accounting and on
Annual Accounts of the Companies (as amended from time to time) and (iii) a certificate dated as of the Closing Date (signed by
a manager or an authorized signatory) that the relevant Luxembourg Loan Party is not subject to nor, as applicable, does it meet or threaten
to meet the criteria of bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation volontaire ou judiciaire),
administrative dissolution without liquidation (dissolution administrative sans liquidation), reprieve from payment (sursis
de paiement), general settlement with creditors, out-of-court mutual agreement (rorganisation extra-judiciaire par accord
amiable), judicial reorganisation in the form of a stay to enter into a mutual agreement (rorganisation par sursis accord
amiable), judicial reorganisation by collective agreement (rorganisation judiciaire par accord collectif), judicial
reorganisation by transfer of assets or activities (rorganisation judiciaire par transfert sous autorit de justice),
conciliation (conciliation) or protective measures (mesures en vue de prserver les entreprises), reorganization
or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally, and no application has been made or is to be made by its respective managers
or directors or, as far as it is aware, by any other person for the appointment of a commissaire, juge-commissaire, liquidateur,
curateur or similar officer pursuant to any voluntary or judicial insolvency, winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings.

(f)Insurance.
Subject to Section 6.18, the Administrative Agent shall have received certificates of insurance complying with the requirements
of Section 6.07(b) for the business and properties of the Borrowers and its Subsidiaries, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and, except for any insurance governed by German law, naming the Collateral Agent as an additional
insured and/or as loss payee.

(g)Organization
Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a copy of the Organization Documents, including all amendments thereto,
of each Loan Party, certified, if applicable, as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the state of its organization, and a certificate
as to the good standing or comparable certificate under applicable law (where relevant) of each Loan Party as of a recent date, from
such Secretary of State or similar Governmental Authority and (ii) a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary or an authorized
signatory or a comparable officer under applicable law of each Loan Party dated the Closing Date and certifying (where relevant) (A) that
attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the Organization Documents of such Loan Party as in effect on the Closing Date, (B) that
attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors or board of managers (or equivalent
governing body) of such Loan Party, authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such Person is
a party and, in the case of the Borrowers, the borrowings hereunder, and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended
and are in full force and effect, (C) (save in respect of each Luxembourg Loan Party and each Finnish Party) that the Organization
Documents of such Loan Party have not been amended since the date of the last amendment thereto shown on the certificate of good standing
or comparable certificate under applicable law furnished pursuant to clause (i) above, (D) as to (if applicable) the incumbency
and specimen signature of each officer or manager or authorized signatory executing any Loan Document on behalf of such Loan Party and
countersigned by another officer or manager as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary or comparable
officer under applicable law executing the certificate pursuant to clause (ii) above, (E) if required by the articles
of association or laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization of any Loan Party (if applicable) or if customary to
provide in the relevant jurisdiction or in the context of any pledge of shares granted over the shares in the capital in any Loan Party,
a copy of a resolution of the general meeting or a resolution in writing signed by all the holders of the issued shares (if applicable)
of that company, (F) if applicable, a copy of a resolution signed by the supervisory board of the relevant Loan Party, (G) if
applicable, an unconditional positive advice from each relevant works' council including the request for advice and (E) such other
matters that are customarily included in a certificate of this nature in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization.

109

(h)Fees,
Etc. All duties, fees, reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses) and other compensation
contemplated hereby, payable to the Agents and the Lenders or otherwise payable in respect of the Transactions shall have been paid to
the extent due, including any fees or expenses due on the Closing Date pursuant to the Administrative Agent Fee Letter or the Lender
Upfront Fee Letter.

(i)USA
PATRIOT Act. The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation
and other information required by regulatory authorities with respect to the Borrowers reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent
under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation
the USA PATRIOT Act and any Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

(j)[Reserved.]

(k)[Reserved.]

(l)Financial
Statements. The Arrangers and the Lenders shall have received the Audited Financial Statements (and the audit report for such financial
statements) and the Quarterly Financial Statements, which financial statements described shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP.

(m)Superpriority
Intercreditor Agreement. The Superpriority Intercreditor Agreement shall have been duly executed by the parties thereto and delivered
to the Administrative Agent.

(n)2029
Note Exchange. At least $226,000,000 in principal amount of 2029 Notes shall have been exchanged into Super HoldCo Second Lien Notes
at a discount to par of at least fifteen percent (15.0%).

(o)2025
Note Redemption. The 2025 Notes shall have been, or shall substantially concurrently with the execution of this Agreement be, redeemed in full at par.

(p)[Reserved].

(q)Related
Transaction Documents. The Related Transaction Documents shall have been duly executed by the parties thereto and delivered, to the
extent not previously executed and delivered, along with any amendments or supplemental indentures related thereto and any schedules
and exhibits and material ancillary documentation thereunder, to the Administrative Agent.

110

(r) [Reserved].

(s)IP
License Agreements. The Aristech and Altuglas License Agreements have been duly executed by the parties thereto and delivered to
the Administrative Agent.

(t)Global
Intercompany Note. The Global Intercompany Note (which shall contain subordination provisions satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent, including with respect to the Existing Cash Management Practices) shall have been duly executed by the parties thereto and delivered
to the Administrative Agent.

(u)Direction
Letter. A direction letter indicating the flow of funds in connection with the 2025 Transactions closing as of the Closing Date shall
have been duly executed by the Borrowers, LuxCo Finance and Topco and delivered to the Administrative Agent.

Section 4.02All
Credit Events. The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other
than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans) is subject
to the following conditions precedent:

(a)The
representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in Article V and in each other Loan Document, as applicable to
such Loan Party, shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension with the same effect
as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date,
in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date.

(b)No
Default shall exist or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds therefrom.

(c)The
Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the relevant L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension
in accordance with the requirements hereof.

(d)At
least $75,000,000 of lending commitments under the Existing A/R Securitization Facility must have been drawn and/or utilized at the time
of such proposed Credit Extension.

Each Request for Credit Extension (other than
a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans) submitted
by the Lead Borrower after the Closing Date shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and
(b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension.

111

Article V

Representations
and Warranties

Holdings, the Borrowers and
each of the other Loan Parties party hereto represent and warrant to the Agents and the Lenders at the time of each Credit Extension
that:

Section 5.01Existence,
Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws. Each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary
(other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) (a) is a Person duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the
Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (to the extent such concept exists in such jurisdiction), (b) has
all requisite power and authority to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business as currently conducted and (ii) in
the case of the Loan Parties, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) is
duly qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in such jurisdiction) under the Laws of each jurisdiction where
its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, (d) is in compliance
with all Laws, orders, writs and injunctions and (e) has all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals
to operate its business as currently conducted; except, in each case referred to in clause (a) (other than with respect to
each Borrower), (b)(i) (other than with respect to each Borrower), (c), (d) or (e), to the extent that failure to do so could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.02Authorization;
No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan
Document to which such Person is a party, and the consummation of the Transactions, are within such Loan Partys corporate or other
powers, (a) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and (b) do not (i) contravene
the terms of any of such Persons Organization Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of,
or the creation of any Lien under (other than as permitted by Section 7.01), or require any payment to be made under (x) any
Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries
or (y) any material order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or
its property is subject, (iii) violate any material Law or (iv) violate or result in a default under any Related Transaction
Document; except with respect to any conflict, breach, contravention or payment (but not the creation of any Lien) referred to in clause (ii)(x),
to the extent that such conflict, breach, contravention or payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.03Governmental
Authorization; Other Consents. (a) No material approval, consent, exemption, authorization,
or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection
with (a) the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document,
or for the consummation of the Transactions, (b) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral
Documents, (c) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Collateral Documents (including the priority thereof)
or (d) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect
of the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents, except for (i) filings and registrations necessary to perfect, as applicable,
the Liens or register on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties, (ii) the approvals, consents,
exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings which have been (or, within the applicable period set out in the relevant Collateral
Document, will be) duly obtained, taken, given or made and are or (within such applicable period will be) in full force and effect (except
to the extent not required to be obtained, taken, given or made or in full force and effect pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement) and (iii) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings, the failure of
which to obtain or make could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

112

(b)Any
Luxembourg Loan Party has carried out its activities and will continue to carry out its activities in a manner which complies with all
relevant regulatory requirements regarding activities of the financial sector and in a manner which does not require it to be authorized
under the Luxembourg Act, dated April 5, 1993, on the financial sector, as amended.

Section 5.04Binding
Effect. This Agreement and each other Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered
by each Loan Party that is a party thereto. This Agreement and each other Loan Document constitute legal, valid and binding obligations
of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is a party thereto in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by (i) Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity (ii) the need for filings, registrations and,
with respect to Collateral owned by Foreign Subsidiaries, any other perfection steps necessary to create or perfect or register the Liens
on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties and (iii) the effect of foreign Laws, rules and
regulations as they relate to pledges, if any, of Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries and intercompany Indebtedness owed by Foreign
Subsidiaries.

Section 5.05Financial
Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. (a) The Annual Financial Statements and the
Quarterly Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of Topco and its Subsidiaries as of the
dates thereof and their results of operations for the periods covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout
the periods covered thereby, (A) except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (B) subject, in the case of the Quarterly
Financial Statements, to changes resulting from normal year-end adjustments and absence of footnotes.

(b)The
unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet of Topco and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of the twelve-month period ending
on the last day of the most recently completed four-fiscal quarter period ended at least forty-five (45) days (or ninety (90) days in
case such four-fiscal quarter period is the end of Topcos fiscal year) prior to the Closing Date (such last day, the Pro
Forma Balance Sheet Date), prepared after giving effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred as of such
date (including the explanatory notes related to the adjustments thereto) (the Pro Forma Balance Sheet) and the
unaudited pro forma consolidated statement of income of Topco and its Subsidiaries for the twelve-month period ended on the Pro
Forma Balance Sheet Date, prepared after giving effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred at the beginning of such
period (together with the Pro Forma Balance Sheet, the Pro Forma Financial Statements), copies of which have heretofore
been furnished to the Administrative Agent, have been prepared based on the Annual Financial Statements (except for the exclusion of
the effects of the finalization of deferred tax accounting and acquisition accounting adjustments) and the Quarterly Financial Statements
and have been prepared in good faith, based on assumptions believed by the Lead Borrower to be reasonable as of the date of delivery
thereof, and present fairly in all material respects on a pro forma basis the estimated financial position of Topco and its Subsidiaries
as at the Pro Forma Balance Sheet Date and their estimated results of operations for the period covered thereby.

(c)The
forecasts of consolidated balance sheets, income statements and cash flow statements of Topco and its Subsidiaries set forth in the Long-Term
Financial Model, and all Projections delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 and Section 6.20 have been prepared in
good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were believed to be reasonable at the time made, it being
understood that projections as to future events are not to be viewed as facts and actual results may vary materially from such forecasts.

(d)Since
December 31, 2023, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

113

Section 5.06Litigation.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Lead Borrower, threatened in writing,
at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
or against any of their properties or revenues that either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

Section 5.07Ownership
of Property; Liens. (a) The Lead Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries
has good record title to, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in (in each case, to the
extent applicable in the jurisdiction in which such Real Property is located), all Real Property necessary in the ordinary conduct of
its business, free and clear of all Liens except as set forth on Schedule 5.07 hereto or except for Liens or minor defects in
title that do not materially interfere with its ability to conduct its business or to utilize such assets for their intended purposes
and Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and, in each case, except where the failure to have such title, interest, easement or
other limited property interest could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Schedule
6 to the Perfection Certificate dated as of the Closing Date contain a true and complete list of Material Real Property owned by the
Lead Borrower and any of its wholly-owned Domestic Subsidiaries that are Loan Parties as of the Closing Date.

Section 5.08Environmental
Matters. Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.08(a) or except as could not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect:

(a)each
Loan Party is in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, and has obtained, and is in compliance with, all Environmental Permits
required of any of them under applicable Environmental Laws;

(b)there
are no claims, proceedings, investigations or actions by any Governmental Authority or other Person pending, or to the knowledge of the
Lead Borrower, threatened in writing, under any Environmental Law or to revoke, suspend or modify any Environmental Permit held by any
of the Loan Parties under applicable Environmental Laws;

(c)none
of the Loan Parties has agreed to assume or accept responsibility, by contract or otherwise, for any Environmental Liability of any other
Person; and

(d)there
are no facts, circumstances or conditions relating to the past or present business or operations of any of the Loan Parties or any of
their respective predecessors (including the disposal of any wastes, hazardous substances or other materials), or to any Real Property
at any time owned, leased or operated by any of them, that could reasonably be expected to give rise to any Environmental Liability on
the part of the Loan Parties.

Section 5.09Taxes.
Except as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each of
the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have filed all returns, statements, forms and reports for taxes (for purposes of this Section,
Returns) required to be filed, and the Returns accurately reflect all liability for taxes of the Loan Parties and
their Subsidiaries as a whole for the periods covered thereby. Except as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have paid all taxes levied or imposed
upon them or their properties that are due and payable (including in their capacity as a withholding agent), except those which are being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance
with GAAP if such contest shall have the effect of suspending enforcement or collection of such taxes. There is no action, suit, proceeding,
investigation, audit, or claim now pending or, to the best knowledge of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, threatened by
any authority regarding any taxes relating to the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, nor is there any proposed Tax deficiency
or assessment known to any Loan Parties against the Loan Parties that would, if made, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect.

114

Section 5.10ERISA
Compliance. (a) Except as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Pension Plan is in compliance in form and operation with its terms and with
the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and all other applicable Laws and regulations.

(b)(i) No
ERISA Event has occurred during the five year period prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made; (ii) no
Loan Party, Restricted Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA
with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA); (iii) no Loan Party,
Restricted Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which,
with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with
respect to a Multiemployer Plan; and (iv) no Loan Party, Restricted Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that
could reasonably be expected to be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA; except, with respect to each of the foregoing clauses
(i) through (iv) of this Section 5.10(b), as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)Except
as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) each Foreign Pension Plan maintained or administered
by the Loan Party or a Restricted Subsidiary has been maintained in compliance with its terms and with the requirements of any and all
applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders and has been maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory
authorities; (ii) all contributions required to be made by a Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary with respect to a Foreign Pension
Plan have been timely made and the Loan Parties and Restricted Subsidiaries have not incurred any obligation in connection with the termination
of, or withdrawal from, any Foreign Pension Plan; and (iii) each Foreign Pension Plan maintained or administered by the Loan Party
or a Restricted Subsidiary is funded to the extent required by Law or otherwise to comply with the requirements of any material Law applicable
in the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Pension Plan is maintained.

Section 5.11Subsidiaries;
Equity Interests. As of the Closing Date (after giving effect to any part of the Transactions
that is consummated on or prior to the Closing Date), no Loan Party has any Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Schedule
5.11, and all of the outstanding Equity Interests owned by the Loan Parties (or a Subsidiary of any Loan Party) in such Subsidiaries
have been validly issued and are fully paid and all Equity Interests owned by a Loan Party (or a Subsidiary of any Loan Party) in such
Subsidiaries are owned free and clear of all Liens except (i) those created under the Collateral Documents and (ii) any Lien
that is permitted under Section 7.01. As of the Closing Date, Schedules 1(a) and 7(a) and (b) to the Perfection
Certificate (a) set forth the name and jurisdiction of each Borrower and each Borrowers wholly-owned domestic Subsidiaries
that are Loan Parties and (b) set forth the ownership interest of each Borrower, its wholly-owned domestic Subsidiaries and any
other Subsidiary thereof, including the percentage of such ownership.

Section 5.12Margin
Regulations; Investment Company Act. (a) Neither Borrower is engaged nor will it engage,
principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the
purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no proceeds of any Borrowings or drawings under any Letter of Credit will be used
for any purpose that violates Regulation U.

115

(b)None
of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party is, or is required to be, registered as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940.

Section 5.13Disclosure.
To the best knowledge of the Lead Borrower, no report, financial statement, certificate or other written information furnished by or
on behalf of any Loan Party (other than projected financial information, pro forma financial information and information of a
general economic or industry nature) to any Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation
of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) when
taken as a whole contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein
(when taken as a whole), in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading. With respect to projected
financial information and pro forma financial information, the Lead Borrower represents that such information was prepared in
good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation of such materials; it being understood that such
projections may vary from actual results and that such variances may be material.

Section 5.14Labor
Matters. Except as, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect: (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes against the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
pending or, to the knowledge of the Lead Borrower, threatened in writing; (b) hours worked by and payment made to employees of the
Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable
Laws dealing with such matters; and (c) all payments due from the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries on account
of employee health and welfare insurance have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the relevant party.

Section 5.15Intellectual
Property; Licenses, Etc.. The Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries own,
license or possess the right to use all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, copyrights, patents, patent rights,
technology, domain names, software, trade secrets, know-how database rights, design rights and other intellectual property rights (collectively,
IP Rights) that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted,
and such IP Rights do not conflict with the rights of any Person, except to the extent such conflicts, either individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Borrower, no use of IP Rights,
advertising, product, process, method, substance, part or other material used by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the operation
of their respective businesses as currently conducted infringes upon any rights held by any Person except for such infringements, individually
or in the aggregate, which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim, accused infringements or litigation
regarding any of the IP Rights is pending or, to the knowledge of the Lead Borrower, threatened in writing against any Loan Party or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

Section 5.16Solvency.
On the Closing Date, upon giving effect to the 2025 Transactions to become effective on the Closing Date (including the effectiveness
of the Related Transaction Documents), the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent.

Section 5.17Subordination
of Junior Financing. The Obligations are Senior Debt, Senior Indebtedness,
Guarantor Senior Debt or Senior Secured Financing (or any comparable term) under, and as defined in, any
Junior Financing Documentation.

Section 5.18Collateral
Documents; Valid Liens. Except as otherwise contemplated hereby or under any other Loan
Documents, the provisions of the Collateral Documents and any other documents and instruments necessary to satisfy the Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement, together with such filings and other actions required to be taken hereby or by the applicable Collateral Documents
(including the delivery to the Administrative Agent of any Pledged Debt and any Pledged Equity required to be delivered pursuant to the
applicable Collateral Documents), are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, except
as otherwise provided hereunder, including subject to Liens permitted by Section 7.01, a legal, valid, enforceable and perfected
first priority Lien on all right, title and interest of the respective Loan Parties in the Collateral described therein.

116

Notwithstanding anything herein
(including this Section 5.18) or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, neither the Lead Borrower nor any other Loan
Party makes any representation or warranty as to (A) the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority or the enforceability
of any pledge of or security interest in any Equity Interests of any Foreign Subsidiary that is not organized in a Qualified Jurisdiction,
or as to the rights and remedies of the Agents or any Lender with respect thereto, under foreign Law (other than the law of any Qualified
Jurisdiction) or (B) the pledge or creation of any security interest, or the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority
or the enforceability of any pledge of or security interest to the extent such pledge, security interest, perfection or priority is not
required pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

Section 5.19Centre
of Main Interest. For the purposes of the Insolvency Regulation, the centre of main interest
(as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Insolvency Regulation) of each Holdco, each Borrower and each of their Restricted
Subsidiaries that is formed or incorporated in a jurisdiction within the European Union is situated in the jurisdiction of its registered
office and it has no establishment (as that term is used in Article 2(10) of the Insolvency Regulation) in any
other jurisdiction.

Section 5.20Pensions
Act. (a) Neither the Lead Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is or has
been an employer (for the purposes of sections 38 to 51 of the Pensions Act 2004) of an occupational pension scheme which is not a money
purchase scheme (both terms as defined in the Pension Schemes Act 1993 as amended).

(b)Neither
the Lead Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is or has been connected with or an associate of
(as those terms are used in sections 39 and 43 of the Pensions Act 2004) such an employer.

Section 5.21Commercial
Benefit. Each Loan Party acknowledges that the entry into and performance by such Loan Party
of its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party is for such Loan Partys commercial benefit.

Section 5.22USA
PATRIOT Act, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions.
(a) To the extent applicable, each of Holdings and its Subsidiaries is in compliance, in all material respects, with (i) the
Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31
CFR Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto and (ii) the USA
PATRIOT Act and applicable AML Laws.

(b)Holdings
and its Subsidiaries, their respective directors and officers, and to the knowledge of Holdings or its Subsidiaries, their respective
employees and agents, have conducted their businesses in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws in all material respects. No part of the
proceeds of the Loans (or any Letters of Credit) will be used by Holdings or its Subsidiaries, directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly,
for any offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization or approval of the payment or giving of money or anything else of value to any
governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting
in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct any improper business advantage, in violation in any material respect of
any Anti-Corruption Laws.

117

(c)(i) None
of Holdings or its Subsidiaries will directly or, to the knowledge of Holdings or such Subsidiary, indirectly, use the proceeds of the
Loans (or Letters of Credit) in violation of applicable Sanctions or otherwise knowingly make available such proceeds to any Person for
the purpose of financing the activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country in violation of Sanctions,
except to the extent licensed, exempted or otherwise approved by a competent governmental body responsible for enforcing such Sanctions,
(ii) none of Holdings, any Subsidiary or to the knowledge of Holdings or such Subsidiary, their respective directors, officers or
employees or, to the knowledge of either Borrower, any controlled Affiliate of Holdings, either Borrower or their respective Subsidiaries
that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from any Facility, is a Sanctioned Person and (iii) none of Holdings,
its Subsidiaries or to the knowledge of Holdings or such Subsidiary, their respective directors, officers and employees are in violation
of applicable Sanctions in any material respect.

Section 5.23Luxembourg
Specific Representations. (i) Each Luxembourg Loan Party is in full compliance with
all requirements of the Luxembourg Act dated May 31, 1999 on the domiciliation of companies, as amended from time to time and all
related regulations and (ii) the head office (administration centrale), the place of effective management (sige
de direction effective) and (for the purposes of the Insolvency Regulation) the center of main interests (centre des intrts
principaux) of each Luxembourg Loan Party in Luxembourg is located at the place of its registered office (sige statutaire)
in Luxembourg.

Article VI

Affirmative
Covenants

So long as any Lender shall
have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations as to which no
claim has been asserted, (ii) obligations under Treasury Services Agreements and (iii) obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements)
hereunder which is accrued and payable shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (unless the
Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations related thereto has been Cash Collateralized or a backstop letter of credit reasonably satisfactory
to the applicable L/C Issuer is in place), then from and after the Closing Date, the Lead Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case
of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.16 and 6.20) cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries
to:

Section 6.01Financial
Statements. (a) Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution
to each Lender, within ninety (90) days after the end of the fiscal year of Topco ended December 31, 2024 and each fiscal year of
Topco completed after the Closing Date, a consolidated balance sheet of Topco and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year,
and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting
forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance
with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC or any other independent registered public accounting
firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion (i) shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards and (ii) shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification
or exception as to the scope of such audit (except as may be required as a result of (x) a prospective Event of Default with respect
to the Financial Covenants, (y) [reserved] or (z) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness); in addition, as it relates to
statement of income and operation, reporting will include a comparison to Topco Projections;

(b)Deliver
to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender, within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal
quarter of each fiscal year of Topco completed after the Closing Date (other than the fourth fiscal quarter of any fiscal year for which
the Lead Borrower is required to deliver financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a)), a consolidated balance sheet
of Topco and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and the related (i) consolidated statements of income or operations
for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the fiscal year then ended and (ii) consolidated statements of cash flows for such
fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the (i) corresponding
fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, in each case, and (ii) corresponding
fiscal quarter Topco Projections, all in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower, as fairly presenting
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of Topco and its Subsidiaries,
in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

118

(c)Deliver
to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender, no later than ninety (90) days after the end of the fiscal
year of Topco ended December 31, 2024 and each fiscal year of Topco completed after the Closing Date, a detailed consolidated budget
for the following fiscal year on a quarterly basis and for the next succeeding three years on an annual basis (including a projected
consolidated balance sheet of Topco and its Subsidiaries as of the end of each such fiscal year, the related consolidated statements
of projected cash flow and projected income and a summary of the material underlying assumptions applicable thereto) (the Topco
Projections), which Topco Projections shall in each case be accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Lead
Borrower, stating that such Topco Projections have been prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which
assumptions were believed by Topco to be reasonable at the time of preparation and at the time of delivery of such Topco Projections,
it being understood that actual results may vary from such Topco Projections and that such variations may be material; and

(d)Deliver
to the Administrative Agent with each set of consolidated financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) above,
the related consolidating financial statements reflecting the adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries
(if any) (which may be in footnote form only) from such consolidated financial statements; provided that the delivery to the Administrative
Agent of financial information relating to Aristech and Altuglas delivered under the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement shall satisfy the
requirements of this Section 6.01(d).

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the obligations in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 6.01 may be satisfied with respect to
financial information of Topco and its Subsidiaries by furnishing Topcos Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the
SEC; provided that such Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, is accompanied by the comparisons to Topco Projections contemplated
in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 6.01 and provided, further, that to the extent such
information is in lieu of information required to be provided under Section 6.01(a), such materials are accompanied by a
report and opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or any other independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized
standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject
to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit
(except as may be required as a result of (x) a prospective Event of Default with respect to the Financial Covenants, (y) [reserved]
or (z) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness).

Any financial statement required
to be delivered pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) or 6.01(b) shall not be required to include acquisition accounting
adjustments relating to any Permitted Acquisition to the extent it is not practicable to include any such adjustments in such financial
statement.

Documents required to be
delivered pursuant to this Section 6.01 and Section 6.02(b) and (c) may be delivered electronically
and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which Topco posts such documents, or provides a link
thereto on the website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02; or (ii) on which such documents are
posted on the Lead Borrowers behalf on IntraLinks/IntraAgency or another relevant website, if any, to which each Lender and the
Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided
that: (i) upon written request by the Administrative Agent, the Lead Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents (which
may be electronic copies delivered via electronic mail) to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each Lender until a written
request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Lead Borrower shall notify (which may
be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent
by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in every
instance the Lead Borrower shall be required to provide paper copies (which may be electronic copies delivered via electronic mail) of
the Compliance Certificates required by Section 6.02(a) to the Administrative Agent; provided, however,
that if such Compliance Certificate is first delivered by electronic means, the date of such delivery by electronic means shall constitute
the date of delivery for purposes of compliance with Section 6.02(a). Each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely
accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its
copies of such documents.

119

Section 6.02Certificates;
Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to
each Lender:

(a)no
later than five (5) days after the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a) and (b),
a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower;

(b)promptly
after the same are publicly available, copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements, if any,
which Topco or any Subsidiary files with the SEC, ASIC or with any applicable Governmental Authority that may be substituted therefor
(other than amendments to any registration statement (to the extent such registration statement, in the form it became effective, is
delivered), exhibits to any registration statement and, if applicable, any registration statement on Form S-8) and in any case not
otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto;

(c)promptly
after the furnishing thereof, copies of any material requests or material notices received by any Loan Party (other than in the ordinary
course of business) or material statements or material reports furnished to any holder of debt securities (other than in connection with
any board observer rights) of any Loan Party or of any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement,
the Super HoldCo Second Lien Notes and any Junior Financing Documentation (including the 2029 Notes Indenture and the Junior Existing
Credit Agreement) or any other Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in a principal amount in excess of the
Threshold Amount and not otherwise required to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant to any clause of this Section 6.02;

(d)together
with the delivery of each Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(a), (i) in the case of annual Compliance Certificates
only, a report setting forth the information required by sections describing the legal name and the jurisdiction of formation of each
Loan Party and the location of the chief executive office of each Loan Party or confirming that there has been no change in such information
since the Closing Date or the date of the last such report, (ii) [reserved] and (iii) a list of each Subsidiary of the
Lead Borrower that identifies each Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as of the date of delivery of
such Compliance Certificate (to the extent that there have been any changes in the identity or status as a Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted
Subsidiary of any such Subsidiaries since the later of the Closing Date and the most recent list provided);

120

(e)on
the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Anti-Cash Hoarding Test Date, a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible
Officer of the Lead Borrower certifying compliance with the Anti-Cash Hoarding Provision and attaching reasonably detailed calculations
with respect thereto;

(f)on
(i) the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Anti-Cash Hoarding Test Date and (ii) the seventh (7th) Business
Day after the last day of each calendar month, in each case, a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer
of the Lead Borrower certifying compliance with the Liquidity Covenant and attaching reasonably detailed calculations with respect thereto;
and

(g)promptly,
such additional information regarding the business, legal, financial or corporate affairs of Topco or its Subsidiaries (including the
Loan Parties or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries), or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, any Junior Financing
Documentation (including the 2029 Notes Indenture and the Junior Existing Credit Agreement) or any other Indebtedness of Topco and its
Subsidiaries (including the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) in a principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, as
the Administrative Agent or any Lender through the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request.

Section 6.03Notices.
Promptly after a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party has obtained actual knowledge thereof, notify the Administrative Agent:

(a)of
the occurrence of any Default;

(b)of
the occurrence of an ERISA Event which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and

(c)of
the filing or commencement of, or any written threat or written notice of intention of any person to file or commence, any action, suit,
litigation or proceeding, whether at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority, against the Lead Borrower or any Loan
Party that could in each case reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Each notice pursuant to this
Section shall be accompanied by a written statement of a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower (x) that such notice is being
delivered pursuant to Section 6.03(a), (b) or (c) (as applicable) and (y) setting forth details
of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Lead Borrower or the respective Loan Party has taken and proposes to
take with respect thereto.

Section 6.04Payment
of Taxes. Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy, as the same shall become due and payable
in the normal conduct of its business, all its obligations and liabilities in respect of taxes imposed upon it or upon its income or
profits or in respect of its property, except, in each case, to the extent any such tax is being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings for which appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP or the failure to pay or discharge the same
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.05Preservation
of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect
its legal existence under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except (x) in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04
or 7.05 and (y) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with any other Restricted Subsidiary and
(b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges (including its good standing where applicable in the relevant
jurisdiction), permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except, in the case of
(a) (other than with respect to either Borrower) or (b) to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or pursuant to a transaction permitted by Section 7.04
or 7.05 or clause (a) (y) of this Section 6.05.

121

Section 6.06Maintenance
of Properties. Except (i) if the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) for Dispositions permitted by Section 7.05
(a) maintain, preserve and protect all of its material tangible properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business
in as good a working order, repair and condition, as they were in on the date hereof, ordinary wear and tear excepted and fire, casualty
or condemnation excepted, (b) make all necessary renewals, replacements, modifications, improvements, upgrades, extensions and additions
thereof or thereto in accordance with prudent industry practice and in the normal conduct of its business, and (c) maintain or renew
all of its registered or issued intellectual property.

Section 6.07Maintenance
of Insurance.

(a)Generally.
Maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss
or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts
(after giving effect to any self-insurance reasonable and customary for similarly situated Persons engaged in the same or similar businesses
as the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons.

(b)Requirements
of Insurance. All such insurance shall name the Collateral Agent as mortgagee (in the case of property insurance) or additional insured
on behalf of the Secured Parties (in the case of liability insurance) or loss payee (in the case of property insurance), as applicable.

(c)Flood
Insurance. With respect to each Mortgaged Property, obtain flood insurance in such total amount as the Administrative Agent may from
time to time reasonably require, if at any time the area in which any improvements located on any Mortgaged Property is designated a
flood hazard area in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor
agency), and otherwise comply with the Flood Laws.

(d)If
the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to maintain insurance in accordance with this Section 6.07, or if
the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to so endorse and deposit all policies or certificates with respect thereto,
the Administrative Agent shall have the right (but shall be under no obligation) to procure such insurance and the Lead Borrower and
its Subsidiaries jointly and severally agree to reimburse the Administrative Agent for all costs and expenses of procuring such insurance.
The provisions of this Section 6.07 shall be deemed supplemental to, but not duplicative of, the provisions of any Collateral
Documents that require the maintenance of insurance.

Section 6.08Compliance
with Laws. Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders,
writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except, in each case, if the failure to comply therewith
could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.09Books
and Records. Maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries that are full,
true and correct in all material respects and are in conformity with GAAP consistently applied and which reflect all material financial
transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be (it being
understood and agreed that certain Foreign Subsidiaries maintain individual books and records in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles in their respective countries of organization and that such maintenance shall not constitute a breach of the representations,
warranties or covenants hereunder).

122

Section 6.10Inspection
Rights. Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and
each Lender to visit and inspect any of such Loan Partys or such Restricted Subsidiarys properties, to examine such Persons
corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss such Persons affairs,
finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants (subject to such accountants customary
policies and procedures), all at the reasonable expense of the Lead Borrower and at such reasonable times during normal business hours
and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Lead Borrower; provided that only the Administrative
Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 6.10 and
the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than two (2) times during any calendar year and only one (1) such
time shall be at the Lead Borrowers expense; provided further that when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
the Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives or independent contractors), on behalf of itself and the Lenders, may do any
of the foregoing at the expense of the Lead Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice. The
Administrative Agent shall give the Lead Borrower the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Lead Borrowers independent
public accountants. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.10, none of the Lead Borrower or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to disclose, or permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion
of, any document, information or other matter that (i) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information,
(ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors)
is prohibited by Law or any binding agreement or (iii) is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney
work-product.

Section 6.11Additional
Collateral; Additional Guarantors. At the Lead Borrowers expense, subject to the
limitations and exceptions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the provisions of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement
and any applicable limitation in any Collateral Document, take all action necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent
or the Collateral Agent to ensure that the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement continues to be satisfied, including:

(a)Upon
(1) the formation or acquisition of any new direct or indirect Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary or Excluded
Subsidiary) that is organized in a Qualified Jurisdiction (other than Hong Kong or Singapore), (2) the designation in accordance
with Section 6.15 of any existing direct or indirect Subsidiary that is organized in a Qualified Jurisdiction (other than
Hong Kong or Singapore) as a Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary), (3) the re-designation in accordance with
the proviso to the definition of Immaterial Subsidiary of any existing direct or indirect Restricted Subsidiary (other
than any Immaterial Subsidiary or any Excluded Subsidiary) that is organized in a Qualified Jurisdiction (other than Hong Kong or Singapore),
(4) the designation of any Restricted Subsidiary that is an Immaterial Subsidiary or an Excluded Subsidiary as a Guarantor with,
other than in the case of any such Restricted Subsidiary organized in a Qualified Jurisdiction, the prior written consent of the Administrative
Agent (such consent to be based on matters of concern relating to the procurement of a guarantee from such Guarantor, the enforceability
thereof and the taking and perfecting of a security interest in the assets of such Guarantor to secure its obligations thereunder), which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed:

(i)within
(x) 45 days after such formation, acquisition or designation with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary
or with respect to Collateral located in the U.S. or (y) 90 days after such formation, acquisition or designation with respect to
a Foreign Subsidiary or with respect to non-U.S. Collateral or, in each case, such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree
in writing in its discretion:

123

(A)cause
each such Restricted Subsidiary to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as appropriate) a Guarantor
Joinder to this Agreement and joinders to the Security Agreement Supplements, Intellectual Property Security Agreements, a counterpart
of the Global Intercompany Note and other security agreements and documents (including, with respect to such Mortgages, the documents
listed in Schedule 6.18), as reasonably requested by and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
(consistent with the Mortgages, Security Agreement, Intellectual Property Security Agreements and other security agreements in effect
on the Closing Date), in each case granting Liens required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement;

(B)cause
each such Restricted Subsidiary (and the parent of each such Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor) to deliver any and all certificates
representing Equity Interests (to the extent certificated) and intercompany notes that are required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral
and Guarantee Requirement, accompanied by undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed in blank;

(C)take
and cause such Restricted Subsidiary and each direct or indirect parent of such Restricted Subsidiary to take whatever action (including
the recording of Mortgages, the filing of UCC financing statements and delivery of stock and membership interest certificates) as may
be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent to vest in the Collateral Agent (or in any representative of the Collateral
Agent designated by it) valid and perfected Liens to the extent required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, and to otherwise
comply with the requirements of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement;

(ii)if
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, within forty-five (45) days after such request (or such longer
period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion), deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of an opinion from
(A) counsel for the additional Loan Party and/or (B) counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Lenders mutually determined
in accordance with customary practice in the jurisdiction where the additional Loan Party is located and addressed to the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders. Such opinion shall be in form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to such customary matters set
forth in this Section 6.11(a) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request;

(iii)as
promptly as practicable after the request therefor by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, deliver to the Collateral Agent with
respect to each Material Real Property owned by any Loan Party (as applicable) any existing title reports, abstracts or environmental
assessment reports, to the extent available and in the possession or control of the Lead Borrower; provided, however, that
there shall be no obligation to deliver to the Administrative Agent any existing environmental assessment report whose disclosure to
the Administrative Agent would require the consent of a Person other than the Lead Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries, where, despite
the commercially reasonable efforts of the Lead Borrower to obtain such consent, such consent cannot be obtained; and

(iv)if
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, within sixty (60) days after such request (or such longer period
as the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion), deliver to the Collateral Agent any other items necessary from time to time
to satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement with respect to perfection and existence of security interests with respect to property
of any Guarantor acquired after the Closing Date and subject to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, but not specifically covered
by the preceding clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) or clause (b) below.

124

(b)Not
later than one hundred twenty (120) days after the acquisition by any Loan Party of Material Real Property (or such longer period as
the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion) that is required to be provided as Collateral pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement, which property would not be automatically subject to another Lien pursuant to pre-existing Collateral Documents, cause such
property to be subject to a Lien and Mortgage in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and take, or
cause the relevant Loan Party to take, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to grant
and perfect or record such Lien, in each case to the extent required by, and subject to the limitations and exceptions of, the Collateral
and Guarantee Requirement and to otherwise comply with the requirements of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

(c)Always
ensuring that the Obligations are secured by a first-priority security interest in all the Equity Interests set forth in clause (b) of
the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

(d)Deposit
Accounts, Securities Accounts and Commodities Accounts. With respect to U.S. Pledged Accounts and Non-U.S. Pledged Accounts, the
Lead Borrower and each applicable Loan Party shall ensure that the Administrative Agent has a perfected first-priority security interest
(subject to Liens permitted under Section 7.01) in such accounts by causing the depositary institution maintaining such account
to enter into a control agreement (or by effecting an equivalent level of perfection in each Non-U.S. Pledged Account located in a Qualified
Jurisdiction through other means, including acknowledgements of notice of assignment or pledge, to the extent required by the Laws of
such applicable Qualified Jurisdiction to effect such equivalent level of perfection) and deliver such control agreement (or evidence
of other perfection or acknowledgement of notice of assignment or pledge, as applicable) to the Administrative Agent. 
Within ninety (90) days after the Closing Date (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion)
with respect to U.S. Pledge Accounts and Non-U.S. Pledged Accounts (as applicable) existing on the Closing Date (or within ninety (90)
days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) after the opening or creation of any
U.S. Pledged Account or Non-U.S. Pledged Account (as applicable) or an existing deposit, securities or commodities account becoming a
U.S. Pledged Account or Non-U.S. Pledged Account (as applicable), in each case, after the Closing Date), the Lead Borrower and each applicable
Loan Party shall cause control agreements (or the local law equivalent in the applicable Qualified Jurisdiction) to be entered into with
respect to such U.S. Pledged Accounts and Non-U.S. Pledged Accounts (as applicable) and delivered to the Administrative Agent; provided
that in the event that such control agreements are not entered into within the applicable time period, the Lead Borrower and the
relevant Loan Party shall be required, within 90 days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable
discretion) of receipt of a written request from the Administrative Agent, to move such accounts to the Collateral Agent or another bank
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will provide such control agreements. The Lead Borrower and each applicable Loan Party,
with respect to Non-U.S. Pledged Accounts existing on the Closing Date shall use commercially reasonable efforts for a period of
at least thirty (30) days following the execution of a control agreement (or local law equivalent in the applicable Qualified Jurisdiction)
with respect to such Non-U.S. Pledged Account pursuant to the foregoing sentence, to cause the account bank for any such Non-U.S. Pledged
Account to acknowledge any notice of assignment or pledge of a Non-U.S. Pledged Account (or with respect to Non-U.S. Pledged Accounts
opened or created or a deposit accounts, securities account or commodities account becoming a Non-U.S. Pledged Account, in each case
after the Closing Date, a period of at least thirty (30) days after the date of opening or creation or the date any such account becomes
a Non-U.S. Pledged Account).

125

(e)Singapore
Subsidiaries.

(i)Within
60 days after the formation or acquisition by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any new direct or indirect Restricted
Subsidiary that is a Singapore Subsidiary or the designation in accordance with Section 6.15 of any existing direct or indirect
Singapore Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in writing in its discretion:

(A)cause
each such Singapore Subsidiary to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as appropriate) a Guarantor
Joinder to this Agreement;

(B)cause
each such Singapore Subsidiary to deliver (1) a fixed and floating charge over all its property duly executed and delivered by each
such Singapore Subsidiary in favor of the Collateral Agent, (2) an equitable mortgage of shares duly executed and delivered by the
shareholders of each such Singapore Subsidiary in favor of the Collateral Agent (Singapore Share Mortgage) and (3) a
Mortgage over all its Material Real Property duly executed and delivered by each such Singapore Subsidiary in favor of the Collateral
Agent, in each case constituting first ranking Liens in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent;

(C)cause
each such Singapore Subsidiary (and the parent of each such Singapore Subsidiary that is a Guarantor) to deliver any and all original
share certificates, original blank share transfers and certified extract of share registers representing Equity Interests and intercompany
notes that are required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and the Singapore Share Mortgages;

(D)if
required, cause the shareholders of each such Singapore Subsidiary to execute and deliver shareholder resolutions to amend the memorandum
and articles of association of the Singapore Subsidiary so that it includes a provision which provides that the directors may not refuse
to register a share transfer effected by the Collateral Agent or a Lender on enforcement of Collateral over those shares;

(E)cause
each such Singapore Subsidiary to deliver to counsel for the Lenders (1) an original bizfile authorization letter addressed to counsel
for the Lenders signed by each such Singapore Subsidiary and (2) original statements containing particulars of charge (drafts of
which are to be provided by counsel to the Collateral Agent and the Lenders within reasonable time following execution of the respective
Collateral Documents) in relation to any Collateral Documents which are registrable as charges pursuant to the Companies Act 1967 of
Singapore;

(F)cause
each such Singapore Subsidiary to provide evidence that all Collateral Documents to which it is a party and Singapore Share Mortgages
are duly stamped or, if not duly stamped, confirmation that they will be duly stamped;

(G)if
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, within forty-five (45) days after such request (or such longer
period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion), deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of an opinion, addressed
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, of counsel for the Loan Parties (or counsel for the Administrative Agent and Lenders if
it is customary in Singapore for such counsel to deliver such opinion) reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to such matters
set forth in this Section 6.11(e) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; and

126

(H)as
promptly as practicable after the request therefor by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, deliver to the Collateral Agent with
respect to each Material Real Property any existing title reports, abstracts or environmental assessment reports, to the extent available
and in the possession or control of the Lead Borrower or a Singapore Subsidiary; provided, however, that there shall be
no obligation to deliver to the Administrative Agent any existing environmental assessment report whose disclosure to the Administrative
Agent would require the consent of a Person other than the Lead Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries, where, despite the commercially
reasonable efforts of the Lead Borrower to obtain such consent, such consent cannot be obtained.

(ii)Take
and cause each Restricted Subsidiary that is a Singapore Subsidiary and each direct or indirect parent of such Singapore Subsidiary to
take whatever action (including the registration of Mortgages, the registration of the Collateral at ACRA, payment of stamp duty, delivery
of any certificates of title and delivery of share certificates) as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent
to vest in the Collateral Agent (or in any representative of the Collateral Agent designated by it) valid and perfected Liens to the
extent required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, and to otherwise comply with the requirements of the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement.

(f)Hong
Kong Subsidiaries. Upon the formation or acquisition by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any new direct or indirect
Restricted Subsidiary that is a Hong Kong Subsidiary or the designation in accordance with Section 6.15 of any existing direct
or indirect Hong Kong Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary and the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower determine that financial
assistance pursuant to Section 275 of the Companies Ordinance (Cap 622 of the laws of Hong Kong) has been given by such Hong Kong
Subsidiary:

(i)Ensure
that:

(A)all
board and/or shareholder resolutions which are required to be passed under the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the laws of Hong Kong)
to approve the giving of financial assistance by each such Hong Kong Subsidiary in connection with the entering into and performance
of each of the Loan Documents by each such Hong Kong Subsidiary are passed; and

(B)all
statutory requirements (including filings) in connection with the giving of the financial assistance referred to in clause (A) above
are complied with.

(ii)Ensure
that each such Hong Kong Subsidiary immediately provides the Administrative Agent with certified copies of all the Hong Kong Financial
Assistance Documents, together with evidence that all statutory filings in relation to such documents have been complied with.

127

(iii)Within
60 days after such formation, acquisition or designation (as relevant) and delivery of any Hong Kong Financial Assistance Documents,
or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in writing in its discretion:

(A)cause
each such Hong Kong Subsidiary to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as appropriate) a Guarantor
Joinder to this Agreement;

(B)cause
each such Hong Kong Subsidiary to deliver (i) a fixed and floating charge over all its property duly executed and delivered by each
such Hong Kong Subsidiary in favor of the Collateral Agent, (ii) an equitable mortgage of shares in such Hong Kong Subsidiary duly
executed and delivered in favor of the Collateral Agent (Hong Kong Share Mortgage) and (iii) a Mortgage over
all its Material Real Property duly executed and delivered by each such Hong Kong Subsidiary in favor of the Collateral Agent, in each
case constituting first ranking Liens in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent;

(C)cause
each such Hong Kong Subsidiary (and the parent of each such Hong Kong Subsidiary that is a Guarantor) to deliver any and all original
share certificates, original blank share transfers and certified extract of share registers representing Equity Interests and intercompany
notes that are required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and the Hong Kong Share Mortgages;

(D)if
required, cause each such Hong Kong Subsidiary to execute and deliver shareholder resolutions to amend the memorandum and articles of
association of the Hong Kong Subsidiary so that they include a provision which provides that the directors may not refuse to register
a share transfer effected by the Collateral Agent or a Lender on enforcement of Collateral over those shares;

(E)cause
each such Hong Kong Subsidiary to deliver together with each Collateral Document delivered pursuant to clause (B) above each duly
executed form which is required to be lodged with the Companies Registry of Hong Kong in connection with the giving of the Collateral
Documents; and

(F)take
and cause each such Hong Kong Subsidiary and each direct or indirect parent of each such Hong Kong Subsidiary to take whatever action
(including the registration of Mortgages, the registration of the Collateral, delivery of any certificates of title and delivery of share
certificates) as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent to vest in the Collateral Agent (or in any representative
of the Collateral Agent designated by it) valid and perfected Liens to the extent required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement,
and to otherwise comply with the requirements of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement;

(iv)if
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, within forty-five (45) days after such request (or such longer
period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion), deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of an opinion, addressed
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, of counsel for the Lenders or (as applicable) the Loan Parties reasonably acceptable to
the Administrative Agent as to such matters set forth in this Section 6.11(f) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
request; and

128

(v)as
promptly as practicable after the request therefor by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, deliver to the Collateral Agent with
respect to each Material Real Property any existing title reports, abstracts or environmental assessment reports, to the extent available
and in the possession or control of the Lead Borrower or a Hong Kong Subsidiary; provided, however, that there shall be
no obligation to deliver to the Administrative Agent any existing environmental assessment report whose disclosure to the Administrative
Agent would require the consent of a Person other than the Lead Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries, where, despite the commercially
reasonable efforts of the Lead Borrower to obtain such consent, such consent cannot be obtained.

(g)Irish
Subsidiaries.

(i)Within
60 days after the formation or acquisition by Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any new direct or indirect Restricted
Subsidiary that is an Irish Subsidiary or the designation in accordance with Section 6.15 of any existing direct or indirect
Irish Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in writing in its discretion:

(A)cause
each such Irish Subsidiary to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as appropriate) a Guarantor
Joinder to this Agreement;

(B)cause
each such Irish Subsidiary to deliver a mortgage debenture creating fixed and floating charges over all its property and assets (the
Debenture) duly executed and delivered by each such Irish Subsidiary in favor of the Collateral Agent, constituting
first ranking Liens in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent;

(C)cause
each such Irish Subsidiary (and the parent of each such Irish Subsidiary that is a Guarantor) to deliver any and all original share certificates,
original blank share transfers and certified extract of share registers representing Equity Interests and intercompany notes that are
required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and the Debenture;

(D)if
required, cause each such Irish Subsidiary to execute and deliver shareholder resolutions to amend the articles of association or the
constitution of the Irish Subsidiary so that they include a provision which provides that the directors may not refuse to register a
share transfer effected the Collateral Agent or by a Lender on enforcement of Collateral over those shares;

(E)cause
each such Irish Subsidiary to deliver to counsel for the Lenders original statements containing particulars of charge (drafts of which
are to be provided by counsel to the Lenders within reasonable time following execution of the respective Collateral Documents) in relation
to any Collateral Documents which are registrable as charges pursuant to the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland;

(F)if
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, within forty-five (45) days after such request (or such longer
period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion), deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of an opinion, addressed
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, of counsel for the Lenders reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to such
matters set forth in this Section 6.11(g) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; and

129

(G)as
promptly as practicable after the request therefor by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, deliver to the Collateral Agent with
respect to each Material Real Property (if any) any existing title reports or certificates of title, environmental impact studies, to
the extent available and in the possession or control of the Lead Borrower or an Irish Subsidiary; provided, however, that
there shall be no obligation to deliver to the Administrative Agent any existing environmental impact studies whose disclosure to the
Administrative Agent would require the consent of a Person other than the Lead Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries, where, despite the
commercially reasonable efforts of the Lead Borrower to obtain such consent, such consent cannot be obtained.

(ii)Take
and cause each Restricted Subsidiary that is an Irish Subsidiary and each direct or indirect parent of such Irish Subsidiary to take
whatever action (including the registration of Debenture at the Irish Companies Registration Office and on any other relevant register,
including but not limited to the Land Registry or the Registry of Deeds, payment of stamp duty, delivery of any land certificates or
title deeds and delivery of share certificates) as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent to vest in the
Collateral Agent (or in any representative of the Collateral Agent designated by it) valid and perfected Liens to the extent required
by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, and to otherwise comply with the requirements of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

Section 6.12Compliance
with Environmental Laws. (a) Except, in each case, to the extent that the failure
to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, comply, and take all
reasonable actions to cause all lessees and other Persons operating or occupying any of their Real Properties or facilities to comply,
with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits; obtain and renew all Environmental Permits necessary for the ownership
or operation of any of their Real Properties, facilities or business; and, in each case to the extent required by any Environmental Law,
conduct any investigation, remedial or other corrective action to the extent required by any Environmental Law to address Hazardous Materials
at any of their Real Properties or facilities, or any other location, in accordance with such Environmental Law.

(b)Within
thirty (30) days of the occurrence of any Event of Default, if requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, provide
the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent with an environmental site assessment, by an environmental consultant reasonably acceptable
to such Agents, of each of the Mortgaged Properties, identifying the presence or likely presence of Hazardous Materials on such properties
and the potential costs of all actions required by Environmental Law to address such materials.

Section 6.13[Reserved].

Section 6.14Further
Assurances. Promptly upon reasonable request by the Administrative Agent (a) correct
any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document
or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file,
re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of the Collateral Documents, to the
extent required pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement. If the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent reasonably
determines that it is required by applicable Law to have appraisals prepared in respect of the Real Property of any Loan Party subject
to a mortgage constituting Collateral, the Lead Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent appraisals that satisfy the applicable
requirements of the Real Estate Appraisal Reform Amendments of FIRREA.

130

Section 6.15Designation
of Subsidiaries. The Lead Borrower may at any time after the Closing Date designate any
Unrestricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower as a Restricted Subsidiary. The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted
Subsidiary shall constitute (i) the incurrence at the time of designation of any Investment, Indebtedness or Liens of such
Subsidiary existing at such time and (ii) a Return on any Investment by the Lead Borrower in Unrestricted Subsidiaries pursuant
to the preceding sentence in an amount equal to the fair market value at the date of such designation of the Lead Borrowers (as
applicable) Investment in such Subsidiary.

Section 6.16Corporate
Rating. The Lead Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts (i) to cause Topco
to maintain a corporate credit rating (but not any specific rating) from S&P and a corporate family rating (but not any specific
rating) from Moodys, in each case with respect to Topco and (ii) [reserved].

Section 6.17Use
of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit for any purpose not otherwise
prohibited under this Agreement, including, for general corporate purposes, working capital needs, the repayment of Indebtedness, the
making of Restricted Payments and the making of Investments; provided that the proceeds of the Loans will not be applied towards
the discharge or reduction of any liability incurred in connection with the acquisition of a Restricted Subsidiary incorporated in Hong
Kong; and provided further that no proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, in a manner which would constitute
a harmful use of proceeds in Switzerland as interpreted by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration for purposes of Swiss Withholding
Tax, unless the Swiss Federal Tax Administration confirms by way of a binding tax ruling satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that
interest payments under this Agreement will not be subject to Swiss Withholding Tax (irrespective of a potential use of proceeds in Switzerland).

Section 6.18Post-Closing
Actions. Complete each of the actions described on Schedule 6.18 as soon as commercially
reasonable and by no later than the date set forth in Schedule 6.18 with respect to such action or such later date as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably agree.

Section 6.19Compliance
with Anti-Corruption Laws. The Lead Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries
to: (a) conduct its business in a manner expected to maintain compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws, and maintain policies and procedures
designed to ensure compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws; and (b) not authorize the use of the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter
of Credit, directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly, in any manner which would violate Anti-Corruption Laws in any material respect.

Section 6.20Lender
Calls and MD&A; Opco Reporting Information.

(a)At
the request of the Administrative Agent, the Lead Borrower shall (i) participate in a telephonic conference with the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders once per fiscal quarter (provided that the Administrative Agent provide an agenda of topics to be covered in such
telephonic conference at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance of any such telephonic conference) and (ii) provide management
discussion and analysis describing the results of operations of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the form customarily prepared
by management of the Lead Borrower together with the delivery of the financial statements pursuant to Section 6.20(b)(i) and
Section 6.20(b)(ii) below.

(b)The
Lead Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender, the following financial information
with respect to the Lead Borrower and the Subsidiaries of the Lead Borrower set forth on Schedule 6.20 hereto (the Opco
Reporting Entities): (i) within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of the fiscal year of Topco ended December 31,
2024 and each fiscal year of Topco completed after the Closing Date, a consolidated balance sheet of the Opco Reporting Entities as at
the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated profit and loss statement for such fiscal year substantially in the form of
Exhibit K; setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year and budget, all in reasonable
detail and in each case generated by managements internal reporting system; (ii) within sixty (60) days after the end of
each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year of Topco completed after the Closing Date (other than the fourth fiscal quarter of any fiscal
year for which Topco is required to deliver financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a)), a consolidated balance sheet
of the Opco Reporting Entities as at the end of such fiscal quarter and the related consolidated profit and loss statement for such fiscal
quarter and for the portion of the fiscal year then ended substantially in the form of Exhibit K, setting forth in each case
in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year and budget, all in reasonable detail and in each case generated by managements
internal reporting system; and (iii) no later than one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of the fiscal year of Topco ended
December 31, 2024 and each fiscal year of Topco completed after the Closing Date, a detailed consolidated budget for the following
fiscal year on a quarterly basis and for the next succeeding three years on an annual basis (including a projected consolidated balance
sheet of the Opco Reporting Entities as of the end of each such fiscal year, and the related consolidated profit and loss statement projection
substantially in the form of Exhibit K and a summary of the material underlying assumptions applicable thereto) (the Opco
Projections), which Opco Projections shall in each case be accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Opco,
stating that such Opco Projections have been prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions
were believed by Opco to be reasonable at the time of preparation and at the time of delivery of such Opco Projections, it being understood
that actual results may vary from such Opco Projections and that such variations may be material.

131

Article VII

Negative
Covenants

So long as any Lender shall
have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations as
to which no claim has been asserted, (ii) obligations under Treasury Services Agreements and (iii) obligations under Secured
Hedge Agreements) which is accrued and payable shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (unless
the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations related thereto has been Cash Collateralized or a backstop letter of credit reasonably
satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer is in place), then from and after the Closing Date:

Section 7.01Liens.
The Lead Borrower will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer
to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following:

(a)Liens
pursuant to any Loan Document;

(b)Liens
existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.01(b) and any modifications, replacements, renewals, refinancings or
extensions thereof; provided that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property other than after-acquired property
that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien and proceeds and products thereof, and (ii) the replacement,
renewal, refinancing or extension of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens, to the extent constituting Indebtedness, is
permitted by Section 7.03;

(c)Liens
for taxes, assessments or governmental charges that are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or that are being contested in
good faith and by appropriate actions, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person
in accordance with GAAP or equivalent accounting principles in the relevant jurisdiction;

132

(d)statutory
or common law Liens of landlords, sublandlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, repairmen, construction contractors or
other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and (x) which do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value
of any of the Lead Borrowers or such Restricted Subsidiarys property or assets taken as a whole or materially impair the
operation of the business of the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary taken as a whole or (y) which are being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets
subject to any such Lien;

(e)(i) pledges
or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, health, disability or employee benefits,
unemployment insurance and other social security laws or similar legislation or regulation or other insurance-related obligations (including
in respect of deductibles, self-insured retention amounts and premiums and adjustments thereto), (ii) part-time worker arrangements
in accordance with the German Old-Age Employees Part Time Act (Altersteilzeitgesetz) or pursuant to section 7d of book IV
of the German Social Act (Sozialgesetzbuch) and (iii) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability
for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the
benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;

(f)deposits
to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), statutory
obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure
health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(g)(i) easements,
rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions), encroachments, protrusions, matters which would be disclosed by an accurate
survey or inspection of any Real Property and other, similar encumbrances and minor title defects affecting Real Property that do not
in the aggregate materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, and any exceptions on the Mortgage Policies issued in connection with the Mortgaged Properties or (ii) easements,
rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions) or encroachments that are reserved for the benefit of The Dow Chemical Company
on any leased Real Property;

(h)[reserved];

(i)Liens
securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h);

(j)leases,
licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not (i) interfere in any material
respect with the business of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, taken as a whole or (ii) secure any Indebtedness;

(k)Liens
(i) in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of Law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with
the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business or (ii) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds
of any Person securing such Persons obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit issued or created
for the account of such person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods in the ordinary course
of business;

133

(l)Liens
(i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of collection, (ii) attaching
to commodity trading accounts or other commodities brokerage accounts and (iii) in favor of a banking or other financial institution
arising as a matter of Law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial
institution (including any netting, the right of set-off and any liens arising under the general business conditions of a credit institution
with which the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries maintains a banking relationship in Germany or The Netherlands) and
that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institutions general
terms and conditions;

(m)Liens
on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.06
or, to the extent related to any of the foregoing, to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment, or consisting of an
agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 7.05, in each case, solely to the extent such
Investment or Disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien;

(n)Liens
attaching solely to cash earnest money deposits in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted hereunder;

(o)Liens
deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase agreements permitted under Section 7.06;

(p)Liens
encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other
brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;

(q)Liens
that are contractual rights of setoff or rights of pledge (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks or
other financial institutions not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness or (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep
accounts of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred
in the ordinary course of business of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;

(r)ground
leases in respect of Real Property on which facilities owned or leased by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries are
located;

(s)Liens
(i) in favor of the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary on assets of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party securing
Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(b) and (ii) in favor of the Lead Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor;

(t)any
interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor or sublicensor under leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses entered into by the
Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;

(u)Liens
arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale of goods entered into by the Lead Borrower
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business permitted by this Agreement;

134

(v)Liens
to secure Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(e)(i); provided that (i) such Liens are created within 270
days of the acquisition, construction, repair, lease, replacement or improvement of the property subject to such Liens, (ii) such
Liens do not at any time encumber property (except for replacements, additions and accessions to such property) other than the property
financed by such Indebtedness and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits and (iii) with respect to Capitalized
Leases, such Liens do not at any time extend to or cover any assets (except for replacements, additions and accessions to such assets)
other than the assets subject to such Capitalized Leases and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits; provided
that individual financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross collateralized to other financings of equipment provided
by such lender;

(w)Liens
on property of any Non-Loan Party, which Liens secure obligations permitted under Section 7.03 of the applicable Non-Loan
Party not constituting Indebtedness;

(x)Liens
existing on property at the time of the acquisition thereof or existing on the property of any Person at the time such Person becomes
a Restricted Subsidiary (other than by designation as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.15), in each case after
the Closing Date (including Capital Leases as provided for in the last paragraph of Section 7.03) (other than Liens on the
Equity Interests of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary); provided that (i) such Lien was not created in contemplation
of such acquisition or such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien does not extend to or cover any other assets
or property (other than the proceeds or products thereof and other than after-acquired property subjected to a Lien securing Indebtedness
and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other obligations are permitted hereunder that require,
pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of after-acquired property, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted
to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition or such Person becoming a Restricted
Subsidiary);

(y)(i) zoning,
building, entitlement and other land use regulations by Governmental Authorities with which the normal operation of the business complies,
and (ii) any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of
any real property that does not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

(z)Liens
arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statement or similar filings;

(aa)Liens
on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto;

(bb)Liens
securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(w) subject to the Superpriority Intercreditor Agreement; provided
that Liens securing such Indebtedness shall be junior to the Obligations in right of payment and security;

(cc)Liens
on Existing Securitization Assets purported to be sold or otherwise transferred in connection with a Permitted Securitization, including,
for the avoidance of doubt, any upsizing thereof permitted herein, or Liens over bank accounts of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary,
so long as such bank accounts do not receive or hold funds of a Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case which are required
as part of the Permitted Securitization;

(dd)Liens
securing Permitted General Junior Debt and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

135

(ee)The
modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Lien permitted by clauses (v) and (x) of this Section 7.01;
provided that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property, other than (A) after acquired property that is
affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien and (B) proceeds and products thereof, and (ii) their modification,
renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens is permitted by Section 7.03 (to
the extent constituting Indebtedness);

(ff)other
Liens with respect to property or assets of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries securing obligations (other than
Indebtedness for borrowed money) in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time not to exceed the $15,000,000, in each case
determined as of the date of incurrence; and

(gg)Liens
on the assets of the Super HoldCo Foreign Guarantors securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(r).

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
neither the Lead Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall grant a Lien on any Designated Real Property, other than any Lien
deemed to exist by virtue of the respective landlords ownership interest in such Designated Real Property.

The expansion of Liens by
virtue of accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the payment of interest or dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness,
amortization of original issue discount and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in
the exchange rate of currencies will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Liens for purposes of this Section 7.01.

Section 7.02[Reserved].

Section 7.03Indebtedness.
Neither the Lead Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist
any Indebtedness, except:

(a)Indebtedness
of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents;

(b)Indebtedness
outstanding on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.03(b) and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

(c)Guarantees
by the Lead Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary otherwise
permitted hereunder; provided that (A) no Guarantee of any Junior Financing shall be permitted unless such guaranteeing party
shall have also provided a Guarantee of the Obligations on the terms set forth herein, (B) if the Indebtedness being Guaranteed
is subordinated to the Obligations, such Guarantee shall be subordinated to the Guarantee of the Obligations on terms at least as favorable
to the Lenders as those contained in the subordination arrangements with respect to such Indebtedness and (C) any Guarantee of any
Indebtedness of a Non-Loan Party shall only be permitted under the General Investments Basket;

(d)Indebtedness
of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owing to any Loan Party or any other Restricted Subsidiary (or issued or transferred
to any direct or indirect parent of a Loan Party which is substantially contemporaneously transferred to a Loan Party or any Restricted
Subsidiary of a Loan Party) to the extent constituting a Permitted Investment or an Investment permitted by Section 7.06;
provided that all such Indebtedness shall be evidenced by the Global Intercompany Note (which, in the case of Indebtedness of
any Loan Party owed to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, be unsecured and subordinated to the Obligations in a manner
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders);

136

(e)(i) Attributable
Indebtedness and other Indebtedness (including Capitalized Leases) financing an acquisition, construction, repair, replacement, lease
or improvement of a fixed or capital asset incurred by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary prior to or within 270 days after
the acquisition, lease, construction, repair, replacement, or improvement of the applicable asset in an aggregate outstanding principal
amount not to exceed at any time outstanding $35,000,000, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof and (ii) [reserved];

(f)Indebtedness
in respect of Swap Contracts designed to hedge against the Lead Borrowers or any Restricted Subsidiarys exposure to interest
rates, foreign exchange rates or commodities pricing risks incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;

(g)to
the extent constituting Indebtedness, any Investment arising out of, or in connection with, Existing Cash Management Practices;

(h)Indebtedness
representing deferred compensation to employees of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course
of business or Indebtedness in relation to any part-time worker arrangements in accordance with the German Old-Age Employees Part Time
Act (Altersteilzeitgesetz) or pursuant to section 7d of book IV of the German Social Act (Sozialgesetzbuch);

(i)Indebtedness
to current or former officers, managers, consultants, directors and employees, their respective estates, spouses or former spouses to
finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower or any Parent permitted by Section 7.06;

(j)Indebtedness
incurred by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition, any other Investment or any Disposition
expressly permitted hereunder, in each case, constituting indemnification obligations or obligations in respect of purchase price (including
earnouts) or other similar adjustments, or deferred compensation or other similar arrangements;

(k)Cash
Management Obligations and other Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and similar arrangements in each
case in connection with deposit accounts;

(l)Indebtedness
consisting of (a) the financing of insurance premiums or (b) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each
case, in the ordinary course of business;

(m)Indebtedness
incurred by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the form of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers
acceptances or similar instruments issued or created in the ordinary course of business, including in respect of workers compensation
claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness
with respect to reimbursement type obligations regarding workers compensation claims;

(n)obligations
in respect of performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and performance and completion guarantees and similar obligations provided by
the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or obligations in the form of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments
related thereto, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice;

137

(o)the
2029 Notes and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

(p)Indebtedness
supported by a Letter of Credit in a principal amount not to exceed the face amount of such Letter of Credit;

(q)to
the extent constituting Indebtedness, obligations of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary which is the seller or servicer (or
any obligation of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of a seller or servicer) in a Permitted Securitization;

(r)Guarantees
of the Super HoldCo Obligations provided by the Super HoldCo Foreign Guarantors;

(s)Indebtedness
which, when aggregated with the principal amount of all other Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (s) and then outstanding,
does not exceed $20,000,000, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

(t)[reserved];

(u)(i) any
joint and several liability arising as a result of (the establishment of) a fiscal unity (fiscale eenheid) between Restricted
Subsidiaries incorporated in The Netherlands; and (ii) a guarantee granted pursuant to a declaration of joint and several liability
use for the purpose of Section 2:403 of the Dutch Civil Code (and any residual liability under such declaration arising pursuant
to Section 2:404(2) of the Dutch Civil Code) in respect of Restricted Subsidiaries;

(v)Indebtedness
which, when aggregated with the principal amount of all other Indebtedness outstanding pursuant to this clause (v), does not exceed
$250,000,000, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof; provided that such Indebtedness (A) matures after the latest Maturity
Date in effect at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness, (B) has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater
than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Obligations, (C) is not incurred or guaranteed by a non-Loan Party Subsidiary,
(D) is junior to the Obligations in right of payment and, if applicable, security, and is subject to a Second Lien Intercreditor
Agreement, (E) is on terms no more favorable to the lenders of such Indebtedness than those contained in the Loan Documents and
(F) if secured, is secured by assets that constitute Collateral (the Indebtedness permitted under this clause (v), Permitted
General Junior Debt); provided that any incurrence of Permitted General Junior Debt under this clause (v) shall
reduce availability under Section 7.03(w)(ii) on a dollar for dollar basis;

(w)the
Junior Existing Credit Agreement, subject to the Superpriority Intercreditor Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed
the sum of (i) $2,193,299,479.69 plus (ii) $250,000,000; provided that any incurrence of Indebtedness under the
Junior Existing Credit Agreement in reliance on this clause (ii) shall reduce availability under Section 7.03(w) on
a dollar for dollar basis plus (iii) an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premiums thereon (including interest
paid-in-kind), and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

(x)unsecured
Indebtedness in respect of obligations of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to pay the deferred purchase price of goods
or services or progress payments in connection with such goods and services; provided that such obligations are incurred in connection
with open accounts extended by suppliers on customary trade terms in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing
of money;

138

(y)Indebtedness
arising out of, or in connection with, the Cash Management Practices, provided that such Indebtedness owed by Loan Parties to Restricted
Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties shall be subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to a Subordination Agreement and related documentation
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and

(z)all
premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations
described in clauses (a) through (x) above.

For purposes of determining compliance
with Section 7.03, in the event that an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) at any time, whether at the time of
incurrence or upon the application of all or a portion of the proceeds thereof or subsequently, meets the criteria of more than one of
the categories of permitted Indebtedness described in Section 7.03(a) through (y) above, the Lead Borrower,
in its sole discretion, will classify and may subsequently reclassify such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) in any one or
more of the types of Indebtedness described in Section 7.03(a) through (y) and will only be required to
include the amount and type of such Indebtedness in such of the above clauses as determined by the Lead Borrower at such time. The Lead
Borrower will be entitled to divide and classify an item of Indebtedness in more than one of the types of Indebtedness described in Section 7.03(a) through
(y) so long as such Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) is permitted to be incurred pursuant to such provision at the time
of reclassification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness incurred (a) under the Loan Documents, any Incremental Commitments,
any Incremental Loans, any Refinancing Commitments and any Refinancing Loans shall only be classified as incurred under Section 7.03(a),
(b) under the Junior Existing Credit Agreement and any Permitted Refinancing thereof shall only be classified as incurred under
Section 7.03(w) and (c) under the 2029 Notes and any Permitted Refinancing thereof shall only be classified as
incurred under Section 7.03(o).

For purposes of determining
compliance with any Dollar-denominated restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the Dollar-equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness
denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness
was incurred, in the case of term debt, or first committed, in the case of revolving credit debt; provided that if such Indebtedness
is incurred to extend, replace, refund, refinance, renew or defease other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such extension,
replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if
calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such extension, replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal
or defeasance, such Dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such
refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being extended, replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed
or defeased, plus the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums (including tender premiums) and other costs and
expenses (including OID) incurred in connection with such refinancing.

The accrual of interest,
the accretion of accreted value and the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness shall not be deemed to be an incurrence
of Indebtedness for purposes of this Section 7.03. The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other
discount security constituting Indebtedness at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet
of the Lead Borrower dated such date prepared in accordance with GAAP.

139

Section 7.04Fundamental
Changes. Neither the Lead Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall merge, amalgamate,
dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions)
all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except that:

(a)any
Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower (other than the Co-Borrower) may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with (i) the Lead Borrower
(including a merger, the purpose of which is to reorganize the Lead Borrower into a new jurisdiction); provided that the Lead
Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (ii) one or more other Restricted Subsidiaries of the Lead Borrower (other
than the Co-Borrower); provided that when any Person that is a Loan Party is merging with a Restricted Subsidiary, a Loan Party
shall be the continuing or surviving Person unless the resulting Investment made in connection with a Loan Party merging with a Non-Loan
Party shall otherwise be a Restricted Investment permitted by Section 7.06 (other than Section 7.06(d)) or a
Permitted Investment;

(b)(i) any
Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with or into any other Restricted Subsidiary that
is not a Loan Party and (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve or change its legal form if the Lead Borrower determines
in good faith that such action is in the best interest of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and if not materially disadvantageous
to the Lenders (it being understood that in the case of any change in legal form, a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor will remain
a Guarantor unless such Guarantor is otherwise permitted to cease being a Guarantor hereunder);

(c)any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Co-Borrower) may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation
or otherwise) to the Lead Borrower or to another Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Co-Borrower); provided that if the transferor
in such a transaction is a Guarantor, then (i) the transferee must be a Guarantor or the Lead Borrower or (ii) to the extent
constituting an Investment, such Investment must be a permitted Investment in a Restricted Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party permitted
by Section 7.06 (other than Section 7.06(d)) or a Permitted Investment;

(d)any
Restricted Subsidiary may merge or amalgamate with any other Person in order to effect a Restricted Investment permitted pursuant to
Section 7.06 (other than Section 7.06(d)) or a Permitted Investment; provided that the continuing or surviving
Person shall be a Restricted Subsidiary or the Lead Borrower;

(e)so
long as no Default exists or would result therefrom, the Lead Borrower may merge with any other Person; provided that the Lead
Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation, and the Lead Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an
Officers Certificate of the Lead Borrower stating that such merger or consolidation complies with this Agreement;

(f)the
Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries may consummate the Transactions;

(g)any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Co-Borrower) may effect a merger, amalgamation, dissolution, liquidation, consolidation or Disposition,
the purpose of which is to effect a Disposition permitted pursuant to Section 7.05; and

(h)the
Luxembourg Loan Parties may undertake a Permitted Relocation.

140

Section 7.05Dispositions.
Neither the Lead Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, make any Disposition or enter into any
agreement to make any Disposition, except:

(a)(x) Dispositions
of obsolete, worn out, used or surplus property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business and Dispositions
of property no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Borrowers or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries and (y) Dispositions
to landlords of improvements made to leased real property pursuant to customary terms of leases entered into in the ordinary course of
business;

(b)Dispositions
of inventory, goods held for sale in the ordinary course of business and immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business (including
allowing any issuances, registrations or any applications for registration of any intellectual property to lapse or become abandoned
in the ordinary course of business);

(c)Dispositions
of property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property
or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property;

(d)Dispositions
of property to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party
(i) the transferee thereof must be a Loan Party or (ii) if such transaction constitutes an Investment, such Investment must
be a Restricted Investment permitted by Section 7.06 or a Permitted Investment;

(e)Dispositions
that are permitted by Section 7.04 (other than Section 7.04(g)) or otherwise constitute a Restricted Payment
permitted by Section 7.06 or a Permitted Investment (other than a Permitted Investment pursuant to clause (d) or
(y) of the definition thereof) and Liens permitted by Section 7.01 (other than Section 7.01(m));

(f)Dispositions
of cash and Cash Equivalents;

(g)(i) leases,
subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software or the licensing of other intellectual property rights) and termination
thereof, in each case in the ordinary course of business and which do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrowers and
the Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the Aristech and Altuglas License Agreements and (iii) Dispositions of intellectual
property that are not material to the business of the Borrowers and the Restricted Subsidiaries;

(h)transfers
of property subject to Casualty Events;

(i)Dispositions
or discounts without recourse of accounts receivable in connection with the compromise or collection thereof in the ordinary course of
business;

(j)[reserved];

(k)[reserved];

(l)so
long as the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary receives at least fair market value therefor (taking into account any Securitization
Sellers Retained Interest), any sale of Existing Securitization Assets in connection with a Permitted Securitization;

141

(m)Dispositions
which may not be prohibited pursuant to section 1136 of the German Civil Code;

(n)Dispositions
of property; provided that (i) at the time of such Disposition no Event of Default shall exist or would result from such
Disposition (other than, except in the case of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), any such Disposition made pursuant
to a legally binding commitment entered into at a time when no Event of Default exists) and (ii) with respect to any Disposition
pursuant to this clause (n) for a purchase price equal to or greater than $20,000,000, the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries shall receive not less than 75% of such consideration in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents (in each case, free and clear
of all Liens at the time received, other than nonconsensual Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and Liens permitted by Section 7.01(a),
Section 7.01(b), clauses (ii) and (iii) of Section 7.01(l), Section 7.01(p), Section 7.01(q),
Section 7.01(s), Section 7.01(w), Section 7.01(x), Section 7.01(dd), Section 7.01(ee),
Section 7.01(ff) (solely to the extent the Obligations under the Revolving Credit Loans that are secured on a first lien
basis shall be secured on a pari passu or senior basis with such Liens), and Section 7.01(gg)); provided, however,
that for the purposes of this clause (n)(ii), the following shall be deemed to be cash: (A) any liabilities (as shown on the Lead
Borrowers most recent balance sheet provided hereunder or in the footnotes thereto) of the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary,
other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the payment in cash of the Obligations, that (x) are assumed by the
transferee with respect to the applicable Disposition or (y) are otherwise cancelled or terminated in connection with the transaction
with such transferee (other than intercompany debt owed to the Lead Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries) and, in each case, for which
the Lead Borrower and all of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have been validly released by all applicable creditors in writing, (B) any
securities, notes or other obligations or assets received by the Lead Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee
that are converted by the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or Cash
Equivalents received) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Disposition and (C) aggregate non-cash consideration
received by the Lead Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary having an aggregate fair market value (determined as of the closing
of the applicable Disposition for which such non-cash consideration is received) not to exceed $20,000,000 (net of any non-cash consideration
converted into cash and Cash Equivalents);

(o)any
swap of assets in exchange for services or other assets in the ordinary course of business of comparable or greater value or usefulness
to the business of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as a whole, as determined in good faith by the management of the Lead Borrower;

(p)Dispositions
of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to customary buy/sell arrangements between, the joint venture
parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements;

(q)the
Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into any agreement to make any Disposition so long as consummation of the Disposition
contemplated by such agreement is contingent upon either (i) the Required Lenders consenting to such transactions or (ii) the
repayment in full of the Obligations (other than (i) obligations arising under Secured Hedge Agreements or Treasury Services Agreements
and (ii) indemnities and other contingent liabilities that survive repayment of the Loans);

(r)the
unwinding of any Swap Contracts pursuant to its terms;

(s)the
dissolution or liquidation of any Subsidiary with no assets;

142

(t)sales
of non-core assets acquired after the Closing Date in connection with Permitted Acquisitions, Restricted Investments permitted under
Section 7.06 (other than Section 7.06(d)) or Permitted Investments, in each case to the extent such sales occur
within 180 days of such Permitted Acquisition or Investment; provided that the aggregate amount of such sales shall not exceed
25% of the fair market value of the acquired entity or business; and

(u)[reserved];

provided that any Disposition of any property
pursuant to Section 7.05(n) shall be for no less than the fair market value of such property at the time of such Disposition.
To the extent any Collateral is Disposed of as expressly permitted by this Section 7.05 to any Person other than a Loan Party,
such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents, and the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent, as applicable, shall be authorized to take any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect the foregoing.

Section 7.06Restricted
Payments. The Lead Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
to, declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except:

(a)each
Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to the Lead Borrower, and other Restricted Subsidiaries of the Lead Borrower (and,
in the case of a Restricted Payment by a non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary, to the Lead Borrower and any other Restricted Subsidiary
and to each other owner of Equity Interests of such Restricted Subsidiary based on their relative ownership interests of the relevant
class of Equity Interests);

(b)the
Lead Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary may declare and make dividend payments or other Restricted Payments payable solely in the
Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests not otherwise permitted by Section 7.03) of such Person;

(c)the
Lead Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to holders of the common stock of Topco or any Parent in an
amount equal to in any fiscal quarter, up to $0.01 per share for each such fiscal quarter (as such amount shall be appropriately adjusted
for any stock, splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits, stock consolidations and similar transactions provided that the
amount permitted to be paid under this clause (c) in any fiscal quarter may be increased by an amount equal to the difference (if
positive) between the permitted amount in a preceding fiscal quarter and the amount actually used or applied by Topco or such Parent
during such relevant period;

(d)to
the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Lead Borrower (or any Parent) and its Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into and consummate
transactions expressly permitted by any provision of Section 7.04 or 7.08 (other than Section 7.08(f) or
7.08(l));

(e)repurchases
of Equity Interests in the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options
or warrants or the settlement or vesting of other equity-based awards if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price
of, or tax withholdings with respect to, such options, or warrants or other equity-based awards;

143

(f)the
Lead Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary may (i) pay (or may make Restricted Payments to allow any Holdco or any Parent to pay)
for the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of Equity Interests or settlement of equity-based awards
of such Restricted Subsidiary (or of the Lead Borrower or any other such Parent) held by any future, present or former employee, officer,
director, manager or consultant (or any spouses, former spouses, successors, executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributes
of any of the foregoing) of such Restricted Subsidiary (or the Lead Borrower or any other Parent) or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) make
Restricted Payments in the form of distributions to allow any Holdco or any Parent to pay principal or interest on promissory notes that
were issued to any future, present or former employee, officer, director, manager or consultant (or any spouses, former spouses, successors,
executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributes of any of the foregoing) of such Restricted Subsidiary (or the Lead Borrower
or any Parent) in lieu of cash payments for the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of such Equity Interests
or equity-based awards held by such Persons, in each case, upon the death, disability, retirement or termination of employment or services,
as applicable, of any such Person or pursuant to any employee, manager or director equity plan, employee, manager or director stock option
plan or any other employee, manager or director benefit plan or any agreement (including any stock subscription agreement, shareholder
agreement or stockholders agreement) with any employee, director, officer or consultant of such Restricted Subsidiary (or the
Lead Borrower or any Parent) or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that (x) the aggregate amount of Restricted
Payments made pursuant to this clause (f) shall not exceed $2,500,000 in any calendar year and (y) at the time of making
any such Restricted Payment, the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in pro forma compliance with the Liquidity Covenant;
provided, further, that such amount in any calendar year may further be increased by an amount not to exceed:

(i)[reserved];
and

(ii)the
Net Proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by the Lead Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries less the amount of Restricted
Payments previously made with the cash proceeds of such key man life insurance policies;

and provided further that that
cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from members of management of the Lead Borrower,
any of the Lead Borrowers Parents or any of the Lead Borrowers Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with a repurchase
of Equity Interests of any of the Lead Borrowers Parents will not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of
this covenant or any other provision of this Agreement;

(g)[reserved];

(h)the
Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments to any Parent;

(i)to
pay its operating costs and expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business and other corporate overhead costs and expenses (including
administrative, legal, accounting and similar expenses provided by third parties), which are reasonable and customary and incurred in
the ordinary course of business and attributable to the ownership or operations of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries,
Transaction Expenses and any reasonable and indemnification claims made by directors or officers of such Parent attributable to the ownership
or operations of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries;

(ii)the
proceeds of which shall be used to pay (A) franchise taxes and other fees, taxes and expenses required to maintain its (or any of
its Parents) corporate existence or (B) costs and expenses (including Public Company Costs) incurred by such Parent in connection
with such Parent being a public company, including costs and expenses relating to ongoing compliance with federal and state securities
laws and regulations, SEC rules and regulations and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;

144

(iii)for
any taxable period in which the Lead Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries is a member of a consolidated, combined or similar income
or similar tax group of which a direct or indirect parent of Lead Borrower is the common parent (a Tax Group), to
pay federal, foreign, state and local income or similar taxes of such Tax Group that are attributable to the taxable income of the Lead
Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries; provided that, for each taxable period, the amount of such payments made in respect of such
taxable period in the aggregate shall not exceed the amount that the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries would have been required to pay
in respect of federal, foreign, state and local income taxes in the aggregate if such entities were corporations paying taxes separately
from any Tax Group at the highest combined applicable federal, foreign, state and local tax rate for such fiscal year (it being understood
and agreed that if the Lead Borrower or Subsidiary pays any such federal, foreign, state or local income taxes directly to such taxing
authority, that a Restricted Payment in duplication of such amount shall not be permitted to be made pursuant to this clause (iii));
provided further that the permitted payment pursuant to this clause (iii) with respect to any taxes of any Unrestricted
Subsidiary for any taxable period shall be limited to the amount actually paid by any Unrestricted Subsidiary to the Lead Borrower or
its Restricted Subsidiaries for the purposes of paying such consolidated, combined or similar Taxes for such taxable period or any previous
taxable period ending after the date hereof and not previously taken into account for purposes of calculating the limitation in this
proviso;

(iv)to
finance any Permitted Investments and other Investments that would be permitted to be made pursuant to this Section 7.06
and Section 7.08 made by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that (A) such Restricted
Payment shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment and (B) such Parent shall, immediately following
the closing thereof, cause (1) all property acquired (whether assets or Equity Interests) to be contributed to the Lead Borrower
or the Restricted Subsidiaries or (2) the merger (to the extent permitted in Section 7.04) of the Person formed or acquired
into the Lead Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries in order to consummate such Permitted Acquisition or Investment, in each case,
in accordance with the requirements of Section 6.11;

(v)the
proceeds of which (A) shall be used to pay salary, commissions, bonus and other benefits payable to and indemnities provided on
behalf of officers, employees, directors and members of management of any Holdco or any Parent and any payroll, social security or similar
taxes thereof to the extent such salaries, commissions, bonuses and other benefits are attributable to the ownership or operation of
the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries or (B) shall be used to make payments permitted under Section 7.08(g) and
(k) (but only to the extent such payments have not been and are not expected to be made by the Lead Borrower or a Restricted
Subsidiary); and

(vi)the
proceeds of which shall be used by any Holdco to pay (or to make Restricted Payments to allow any Parent to pay) (A) fees and expenses
(other than to Affiliates) related to any unsuccessful equity or debt offering by any Holdco (or any Parent) that is directly attributable
to the operations of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (B) expenses and indemnities of the trustee with respect
to any debt offering by any Holdco (or any Parent);

(i)payments
made or expected to be made by any Holdco, the Lead Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of withholding or other
payroll and other similar Taxes payable by or with respect to any future, present or former employee, director, manager or consultant
(or any spouses, former spouses, successors, executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributes of any of the foregoing) and any
repurchases of Equity Interests in consideration of such payments including deemed repurchases in connection with the exercise of stock
options or the vesting or settlement of other equity-based awards;

145

(j)[reserved];

(k)the
Lead Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries may pay cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional Equity Interests in connection
with any dividend, split or combination thereof or any Permitted Acquisitions; and

(l)[reserved].

Section 7.07Change
in Nature of Business. The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall the Lead Borrower permit any
of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, engage in any material line of business substantially different from those
lines of business conducted by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business reasonably related,
complementary, synergistic or ancillary thereto (including related, complementary, synergistic or ancillary technologies) or reasonable
extensions thereof.

Section 7.08Transactions
with Affiliates. Neither the Lead Borrower shall, nor shall the Lead Borrower permit any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Lead Borrower
involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of $5,000,000 for any individual transaction or series of related transactions,
whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than:

(a)transactions
among any Holdco, the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of
such transactions that are not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement;

(b)on
terms substantially as favorable to the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Lead Borrower or such
Restricted Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arms-length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate;

(c)the
Transactions and the payment of fees and expenses (including Transaction Expenses) as part of or in connection with the Transactions;

(d)Restricted
Payments permitted under Section 7.06 and Permitted Investments other than Permitted Investments under clauses (a)(ii),
(b) and (u) of the definition thereof;

(e)loans
and other transactions by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent expressly permitted under this Article VII;

(f)employment,
consulting, and severance and other service or benefit-related arrangements between the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
and their respective officers and employees in the ordinary course of business and transactions pursuant to stock option plans and other
equity award and employee benefit plans and arrangements in the ordinary course of business;

(g)the
payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, directors, officers, employees
and consultants of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (or any Parent) in the ordinary course of business;

146

(h)transactions
pursuant to agreements in existence on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.08 (to the extent not otherwise permitted
by this Agreement) or any amendment thereto to the extent such an amendment is not adverse to the Lenders in any material respect;

(i)the
issuance or transfer of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of the Lead Borrower to any former, current or future
director, manager, officer, employee or consultant (or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing) of the Lead Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries
or any Parent;

(j)transactions
related to Permitted Securitizations;

(k)transactions
related to Cash Management Practices;

(l)any
transaction with any Holdco, a Restricted Subsidiary or joint venture partners, in each case in compliance with the terms of this Agreement
that are on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time in an arms length transaction from
an unaffiliated party in the reasonable determination of the board of directors of the Lead Borrower;

(m)transactions
with customers, clients, joint venture partners, suppliers or purchasers or sellers of goods or services, in each case in the ordinary
course of business and otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement that are fair to the Lead Borrower and the Restricted
Subsidiaries, in the reasonable determination of the board of directors or the senior management of the Lead Borrower, or are on terms
at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party;

(n)transactions
in which the Lead Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, deliver to the Administrative Agent a letter from
an Independent Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial
point of view or meets the requirements of clause (b) of this Section 7.08; and

(o)transactions
arising out of, in connection with or relating to the Aristech and Altuglas License Agreements, in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practice.

Section 7.09Burdensome
Agreements. The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall the Lead Borrower permit any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to, enter into or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document) that
limits the ability of (a) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower to make Restricted Payments to the Lead Borrower or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries or (b) any Loan Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person
for the benefit of the Lenders with respect to the Facilities and the Obligations or under the Loan Documents; provided that the
foregoing clauses (a) and (b) shall not apply to Contractual Obligations which:

(a)(x) exist
on the Closing Date and (to the extent not otherwise permitted by this Section 7.09) are listed on Schedule 7.09 hereto
and (y) to the extent Contractual Obligations permitted by preceding clause (x) are set forth in an agreement evidencing
Indebtedness, are set forth in any agreement evidencing any permitted modification, replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing of
such Indebtedness so long as such modification, replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing does not expand the scope of such Contractual
Obligations;

(b)are
binding on a Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary first becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower,
so long as such Contractual Obligations were not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the
Lead Borrower;

147

(c)represent
Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower which is not a Loan Party which is permitted by Section 7.03;

(d)arise
in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 and relate solely to the assets or Person subject
to such Disposition;

(e)are
customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures constituting Permitted Investments
or otherwise permitted under Section 7.06 and applicable solely to such joint venture;

(f)are
negative pledges and restrictions on Liens in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 but solely
to the extent any negative pledge relates to the property financed by such Indebtedness;

(g)are
customary restrictions on leases, subleases, licenses or asset sale agreements otherwise permitted hereby so long as such restrictions
relate to the assets subject thereto;

(h)comprise
restrictions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(e) or (g) (in
each case to the extent that such restrictions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness or to the Restricted Subsidiaries
incurring or guaranteeing such Indebtedness);

(i)are
customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiaries;

(j)are
customary provisions restricting assignment or transfer of any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(k)are
restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed by customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(l)arise
in connection with cash or other deposits permitted under Sections 7.01 and the definition of Permitted Investments and limited
to such cash or deposit;

(m)comprise
restrictions imposed by any agreement evidencing any Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 to the extent that such restrictions
(taken as a whole) are, in the good faith judgment of the Lead Borrower, no more onerous to Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
than customary market terms for Indebtedness of such type and in any event are no more onerous to Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
than those restrictions contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; and

(n)any
amendments, modifications, restatements or renewals of the agreements, contracts or instruments referred to in clause (a) through
(m) above, provided that such amendments, modifications, restatements or renewals, taken as a whole, are not materially more
restrictive with respect to such encumbrances or restrictions than those contained in such predecessor agreements, contracts or instruments.

148

Section 7.10Anti-Cash
Hoarding. If on the 15th day of any calendar month (or if such day is not a Business
Day, the next succeeding Business Day), commencing with the February 2025 calendar month (such day, the Anti-Cash Hoarding
Test Date) (a) the Loan Party Consolidated Cash Balance exceeds $100,000,000 (the amount of such excess, the Loan
Party Consolidated Cash Balance Prepayment Amount), prepayment of Revolving Credit Loans shall be required, within seven (7) Business
Days, in an amount equal to the Loan Party Consolidated Cash Balance Prepayment Amount and (b) the Non-Loan Party Consolidated Cash
Balance exceeds $50,000,000 (the amount of such excess, the Non-Loan Party Consolidated Cash Balance Prepayment Amount),
prepayment of Revolving Credit Loans shall be required, within seven (7) Business Days, in an amount equal to the Non-Loan Party
Consolidated Cash Balance Prepayment Amount (the Anti-Cash Hoarding Provision); provided that any such prepayment
shall be (x) excluded from any otherwise applicable breakage cost or funding loss provision in Section 3.05
and (y) subject to the foreign cash repatriation and tax leakage provisions in Section 2.05(b)(ix).

Section 7.11Financial
Covenants. (a) The Lead Borrower shall not permit the Superpriority Lien Net Leverage
Ratio on the last day of any fiscal quarter to be greater than 1.50:1.00 (the Financial Springing Covenant) if,
as of such date, the aggregate Dollar Amount of Swing Line Loans, Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations (excluding L/C Obligations
relating to (x) Letters of Credit that have been Cash Collateralized in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
and (y) Letters of Credit having an aggregate undrawn Dollar Amount not greater than $10,000,000) outstanding on such date is greater
than 30.00% of the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments of all Revolving Credit Lenders.

(b)On
(i) each Anti-Cash Hoarding Test Date and (ii) the last Business Day of each calendar month, Liquidity shall not be less than
$100,000,000 (the Liquidity Covenant, and together with the Financial Springing Covenant, the Financial
Covenants).

Section 7.12Accounting
Changes. The Lead Borrower shall not make any change in its fiscal year; provided,
however, that the Lead Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change its fiscal year to any other fiscal
year reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in which case, the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby
authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary to reflect such change in fiscal year.

Section 7.13Prepayments,
Etc. of Indebtedness. (a) The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall the Lead Borrower
permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity
thereof in any manner (it being understood that payments of regularly scheduled principal, interest, mandatory prepayments, including
pursuant to any excess cash flow sweep or required from proceeds of refinancing Indebtedness and AHYDO Payments shall be permitted) (x) any
Indebtedness for borrowed money that is expressly subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment or security or any other Indebtedness
that is required to be expressly subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment or security pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents
and (y) any Indebtedness for borrowed money that is unsecured (all Indebtedness described under (x) and (y), collectively,
Junior Financing) or make any payment in violation of any subordination terms of any Junior Financing Documentation,
except, subject to the absence of a Default or Event of Default (i) the refinancing thereof with any Indebtedness (to the extent
such Indebtedness constitutes a Permitted Refinancing), to the extent not required to prepay any Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(b),
(ii) the conversion of any Junior Financing to Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of Holdings or any of
its Parents, (iii) the prepayment of Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Lead Borrower or
any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent not prohibited by the subordination provisions contained in the Global Intercompany Note, (iv) the
voluntary prepayment, repayment or redemption of outstanding Indebtedness under (1) the 2021 Incremental Term Loans
(as defined in the Junior Existing Credit Agreement) and/or (2) the 2029 Notes; provided that such prepayment, repayment
or redemption under this clause (iv) shall (A) not exceed $50,000,000 in the aggregate (based on the cash amount paid if at
a discount to par, and not the face amount of principal) and (B) be subject to pro forma compliance with the Liquidity Covenant
determined at the time of such prepayment, repayment or redemption and (v) Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(d).

149

(b)The
Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to amend, modify or change in any manner materially adverse
to the interests of the Lenders any term or condition of any Junior Financing Documentation (including documentation evidencing Permitted
Refinancings thereof but other than intercompany indebtedness) without the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided, that nothing in this Section 7.13(b) shall prohibit
the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries from refinancing, replacing or renewing any such Junior Financing to the extent otherwise
permitted by Section 7.13(a).

Section 7.14Permitted
Activities. With respect to each Holdco, each Holdco shall not engage in any material operating
or business activity; provided, that the following and any activities incidental thereto shall be permitted in any event: (i) (x) in
the case of Holdings, its ownership of the Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower or any Intermediate Holding Company and (y) in
the case of any Intermediate Holding Company, its ownership of Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower, and, in each case, activities incidental
thereto, including payment of dividends and other amounts in respect of its Equity Interests, (ii) the maintenance of its legal
existence (including the ability to incur fees, costs and expenses relating to such maintenance), (iii) the performance of its obligations
with respect to the Loan Documents, the 2029 Notes, the Junior Existing Credit Agreement and any other Indebtedness, (iv) any public
offering of its Equity Interests or any other issuance or sale of its Equity Interests, (v) financing activities, including the
issuance of securities, incurrence of debt, payment of dividends, providing a performance guaranty in connection with a Permitted Securitization
and (x) in the case of Holdings, making contributions to the capital of any Intermediate Holding Company, and guaranteeing the obligations
of any Intermediate Holding Company and the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (y) in the case of any Intermediate
Holding Company, making contributions (including any contribution or transfer made in the form of an intercompany loan provided on an
interest-free basis) to the capital of any other Intermediate Holding Company or the Lead Borrower and guaranteeing the obligations of
and the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, (vi) participating in tax, accounting and other administrative matters as
a member of the consolidated group of Topco, (vii) holding any cash or property (but not operate any property) including any intercompany
receivable to the extent held in accordance with an activity otherwise permitted by this Section 7.14 and the other provisions
of the Credit Agreement, (viii) providing indemnification to officers and directors, (ix) in the case of Holdings, the incurrence
of Indebtedness under the Parent Intercompany Loan and compliance with its obligations thereunder, in an aggregate principal amount equal
to $128,865,980, as in effect on the Closing Date, so long as such Indebtedness: (v) is not guaranteed by any Loan Party or Restricted
Subsidiary, (w) is unsecured, (x) has a final scheduled maturity date after the Latest Maturity Date, (y) has no scheduled
amortization, payments of interest in cash, payments of principal or any mandatory redemption, repurchase, prepayment or sinking fund
obligations, in each case, prior to the Latest Maturity Date and (z) is subject to a Subordination Agreement; (x) redomiciling
of each Holdco that is a Luxembourg Loan Party from Luxembourg to Ireland; provided it is a Permitted Relocation; and (xi) any
activities incidental to the foregoing. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) no Intermediate Holding Company shall
own any Equity Interests other than those of the Lead Borrower or another Intermediate Holding Company (unless such Equity Interests
are promptly contributed to the Lead Borrower) and (ii) Holdings shall not own any Equity Interests other than (A) those of
an Intermediate Holding Company or the Lead Borrower (unless such Equity Interests are promptly contributed to the Lead Borrower) or
(B) those of Topco in connection with share purchases, provided however, that such share purchases and the payments related thereto
are permitted by Section 7.06.

150

Section 7.15Amendments
to Related Transaction Documents. Amendments or modifications (including via refinancing
or replacement) of the terms of any Related Transaction Documents as in force as of the Closing Date or, with respect to Related Transaction
Documents entered into after the Closing Date, the date on which such Related Transaction Document is entered into, shall be prohibited
unless such amendment is not materially adverse (taken as a whole) to the Superpriority Revolving Lenders; provided that any amendment
to a Related Transaction Document to facilitate the incurrence of Permitted General Junior Debt shall not (solely as regards such incurrence
and payment of principal and interest on such Indebtedness, but for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to any other matter addressed
by, related to or otherwise connected with such amendment) be materially adverse to the Revolving Credit Lenders.

Section 7.16Wind-Down
Provision. Promptly, and in no event later than forty-five (45) days (or such later date
as reasonably agreed to by the Administrative Agent giving consideration to local law requirements and processes), after the first date
upon which all Super HoldCo Obligations have been repaid and terminated, the Borrowers shall deliver evidence in form and substance satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent of such termination (including payoff letters and release documentation with respect to the obligors, guarantors
and loan parties thereunder) and the wind-down and dissolution of LuxCo Finance.

Section 7.17Cash
Management Practices. There shall be no material changes to the Existing Cash Management
Practices of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as in effect prior to the Closing Date (this Section 7.17, the Cash
Management Provision).

Notwithstanding anything
in the Loan Documents to the contrary: (a) any intercompany loans, advances or other Indebtedness owed by a Loan Party to an Affiliate
of the Lead Borrower that is not a Loan Party shall be subordinated in right of payment and (if applicable) security to the Obligations,
and any guarantee by a Loan Party of Indebtedness of a non-Loan Party shall be subordinated in right of payment and (if applicable) security
to the Obligations; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to the guarantee of Trinseo Europe (as in effect on the Closing Date)
of the Super Holdco Obligations (this clause (a), the Double-Dip Provision); (b) Investments or Dispositions
by any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary to an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall only be permitted pursuant to the General Investments
Basket, or in accordance with the Existing Cash Management Practices and may not be reclassified (this clause (b), the Envision
Provision); (c) no Loan Party will, and the Loan Parties will not permit any of their Subsidiaries to, (i) directly
or indirectly, create, incur, assume or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness or issue any capital stock;
(ii) create, incur, assume or permit or suffer to exist any Lien on or with respect to any property of any kind owned by it, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom; (iii) make or own any Investment in any other Person; (iv) enter
into any transaction of merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve themselves (or suffer any liquidation
or dissolution), or (v) make any Disposition of assets or to otherwise engage in any other activity, in each case, that is undertaken
in connection with a liability management financing transaction (this clause (c), the Anti-Liability Management Provision),
provided that the Anti-Liability Management Provision shall not restrict (i) the incurrence of Permitted General Junior Debt
or Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.03(e) or Section 7.03(s) and (ii) transactions taken in
connection with a Permitted Securitization, in each case, so long as such Indebtedness is not incurred for the purpose of materially
reducing the value of the Collateral or disadvantaging the Lenders in respect of their rights as creditors relative to other creditors;
(d) the Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Loan Party or other Restricted Subsidiary to sell, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any Material Property (whether pursuant to a sale, lease, license, transfer, Investment, Restricted Payment, dividend
or otherwise or relating to the exclusive rights thereto) to any Person that is either (i) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party
or (ii) an Affiliate of the Lead Borrower; provided that non-exclusive licenses of intellectual property granted to a Restricted
Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be permitted to permit the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries to operate in the ordinary course
of business so long as each such non-exclusive license is on terms consistent with past practice for intercompany intellectual property
licenses; and provided, further that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Aristech and Altuglas License Agreements are permitted
and (e) no Person that is either (i) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or (ii) an Affiliate of the Lead Borrower shall
own or hold an exclusive license to any Material Property other than the existing arrangements on the Closing Date (clauses (d) and
(e), together with the Material Property definition, the J. Crew Provision).

151

Article VIII

Events
of Default and Remedies

Section 8.01Events
of Default. Any of the following from and after the Closing Date shall constitute an event
of default (an Event of Default):

(a)Non-Payment.
Any Loan Party fails to pay in the currency required hereunder (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal
of any Loan, or (ii) within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or any other amount
payable hereunder or with respect to any other Loan Document; or

(b)Specific
Covenants. Any Borrower or, in the case of Section 7.14, any Holdco, fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or
agreement contained in any of Sections 6.03(a) or 6.05(a) (solely with respect to a Borrower) or Article VII;
provided that the Financial Springing Covenant is subject to cure pursuant to Section 8.04; provided, further,
that an Event of Default under this clause (b) with respect to a failure by the Lead Borrower to be in compliance with the Financial
Springing Covenant shall not constitute an Event of Default for purposes of any Loan or Commitment unless and until the Required Lenders
have actually declared all such obligations to be immediately due and payable in accordance with this Agreement and such declaration
has not been rescinded on or before such date; or

(c)Other
Defaults. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a) or
(b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30)
days after receipt of written notice thereof by the Lead Borrower from the Administrative Agent; or

(d)Representations
and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Holdco,
the Lead Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document required to be delivered in connection
herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or

(e)Cross-Default.
Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto,
if any, (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) in respect of Indebtedness under the
Super HoldCo Credit Agreement, the Super HoldCo Second Lien Notes, the 2029 Notes or the Junior Existing Credit Agreement, (B) fails
to make any payment beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if any, (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment,
acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder) having an outstanding aggregate
principal amount of not less than the Threshold Amount, or (C) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating
to any such Indebtedness under clause (A) or (B), or any other event occurs (other than, with respect to Indebtedness consisting
of Swap Contracts, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of such Swap Contracts and not as a result of any other
default thereunder by any Loan Party), the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of
such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving
of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise),
or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity; provided that
this clause (e)(C) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of
the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder and under the documents providing
for such Indebtedness; provided further that such failure is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness
prior to any termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments or acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Section 8.02; or

152

(f)Insolvency
Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) institutes or consents
to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for
or consents to the appointment of any receiver, receiver-manager, trustee, statutory manager, custodian, monitor, conservator, liquidator,
rehabilitator, controller, administrator, judicial manager, administrative receiver or similar officer for it or for all or any material
part of its property; or any receiver, receiver-manager, trustee, statutory manager, custodian, monitor, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator,
administrator, judicial manager, administrative receiver or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person
and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating
to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed
or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or, in relation to any Luxembourg
Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) organized under the laws of Luxembourg, a Luxembourg Insolvency
Event has occurred; or, in addition, in relation to any Loan Party or that is a Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary)
organized under the laws of Federal Republic of Germany, a court order for the rejection of insolvency proceedings due to lack of funds
(Abweisungsbeschluss mangels Masse) is made; or

(g)Inability
to Pay Debts; Attachment. (i) Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) becomes unable
or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment
or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of the Loan Parties and is not released,
vacated or fully bonded within sixty (60) days after its issue or levy, or, in relation to any Loan Party or that is a Restricted Subsidiary
(other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) organized under the laws of Federal Republic of Germany, a German Insolvency Event has occurred;
or in relation to any Loan Party organized under the laws of Singapore, such Loan Party is declared by the Minister of Finance of Singapore
to be a company to which Part 9 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore applies; or

(h)Judgments.
There is entered against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) a final judgment or order
for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by (i) independent third-party
insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and has not denied coverage or (ii) other third party
indemnities from financially sound investment grade indemnifying parties (or other parties reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent)) and such judgment or order shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending an appeal for a period
of sixty (60) consecutive days; or

153

(i)Invalidity
of Loan Documents. Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other
than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder (including as a result of a transaction permitted under Section 7.04
or 7.05) or as a result of acts or omissions by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent or any Lender or the satisfaction
in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party contests in writing the validity or enforceability
of any provision of any Loan Document or the validity or priority of a Lien as required by the Collateral Documents on a material portion
of the Collateral; or any Loan Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document (other
than as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Aggregate Commitments), or purports in writing to revoke
or rescind any Loan Document; or

(j)Change
of Control. There occurs any Change of Control; or

(k)Collateral
Documents. Any Collateral Document after delivery thereof pursuant to Section 6.11 or 6.14 shall for any reason
(other than pursuant to the terms thereof including as a result of a transaction not prohibited under this Agreement) cease to create
a valid and perfected Lien, with the priority required by the Collateral Documents on and security interest in any material portion of
the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, subject to Liens permitted under Section 7.01, (i) except to the extent
that any such perfection or priority is not required pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement or results from the failure
of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to maintain possession of certificates actually delivered to it representing securities
pledged under the Collateral Documents or to file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements or other equivalent filings and (ii) except
as to Collateral consisting of Real Property to the extent that such losses are covered by a lenders title insurance policy and
such insurer has not denied coverage; or

(l)ERISA.
(i) An ERISA Event occurs which, individually or together with all other ERISA Events, has resulted or could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) a Loan Party, Restricted Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate fails to make when due, after
the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201
of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan, in an amount which could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) any
Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary has incurred or is likely to incur liabilities pursuant to one or more Foreign Pension Plans
which, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 8.02Remedies
Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative
Agent may and, at the request of the Required Lenders, shall take any or all of the following actions:

(a)declare
the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon
such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;

(b)declare
the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable
hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of
any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers;

154

(c)require
that the Borrowers Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and

(d)exercise
on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents or applicable Law;

provided that upon the occurrence of an
actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to either Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code or any Debtor Relief Laws, the
obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate,
the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and
payable and the obligation of the Borrowers to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective,
in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.

Section 8.03Application
of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after
the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized
as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations (whether received as a consequence
of the exercise of such remedies or a distribution out of any proceeding in respect of or commenced under any proceeding under any Debtor
Relief Law including payments in respect of adequate protection for the use of Collateral during such proceeding or under
any plan of reorganization or on account of any liquidation of any Loan Party) shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following
order (to the fullest extent permitted by mandatory provisions of applicable Law):

First, to
payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (other than principal and interest,
but including Attorney Costs payable under Section 10.04 and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in its capacity as such;

Second,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable
to the Lenders (including Attorney Costs payable under Section 10.04 and amounts payable under Article III),
ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them (irrespective of when such amounts were
incurred or accrued or whether any such amounts are allowed in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law);

Third, to
payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and L/C Borrowings, and any fees, premiums
and scheduled periodic payments due under Secured Hedge Agreements and Treasury Services Agreements, ratably among the applicable Secured
Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them (irrespective of when such amounts were
incurred or accrued or whether any such amounts are allowed in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law);

Fourth,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings (including to Cash Collateralize
that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit), and any breakage, termination or other
payments under Secured Hedge Agreements and Treasury Services Agreements, ratably among the applicable Secured Parties in proportion
to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them (irrespective of when such amounts were incurred or accrued or
whether any such amounts are allowed in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law);

Fifth, to
the payment of all other Obligations of the Borrowers that are due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties
on such date, ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to the Administrative Agent and the other
Secured Parties on such date; and

155

Last, the
balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full, to the Lead Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no amount received from any Guarantor shall be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation of such Guarantor.

Subject to Section 2.03(c),
amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fourth above shall be applied
to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters
of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order
set forth above and, if no Obligations remain outstanding, to the Lead Borrower as applicable.

Section 8.04Lead
Borrowers Right to Cure. (a) For the purpose of determining whether an Event
of Default under the Financial Springing Covenant has occurred, the Lead Borrower may on one or more occasions designate any portion
of the net cash proceeds from a sale or issuance of Qualified Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower or any contribution to the common
capital of the Lead Borrower (or from any other contribution to capital or sale or issuance of any other Equity Interests on terms reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) (the Cure Amount) as an increase to Consolidated EBITDA for the applicable
fiscal quarter; provided that (i) such amounts to be designated are actually received by the Lead Borrower on or after the
first day of such applicable fiscal quarter and on or prior to the fifteenth (15th) Business Day after the date on which financial statements
are required to be delivered with respect to such applicable fiscal quarter (the Cure Expiration Date), (ii) such
amounts do not exceed the aggregate amount necessary to cure any Event of Default under the Financial Springing Covenant as of such date
and (iii) the Lead Borrower shall have provided notice to the Administrative Agent on the date such amounts are designated as a
Cure Amount (it being understood that to the extent any such notice is provided in advance of delivery of a Compliance
Certificate for the applicable period, the amount of such net cash proceeds that is designated as the Cure Amount may be different than
the amount necessary to cure any Event of Default under the Financial Springing Covenant and may be modified, as necessary, in a subsequent
corrected notice delivered on or before the Cure Expiration Date (it being understood that in any event the final designation of the
Cure Amount shall continue to be subject to the requirements set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above)). The parties hereby
acknowledge that this Section 8.04(a) may not be relied on for purposes of calculating any financial ratios other than
for determining compliance with Section 7.11 (and not Pro Forma Compliance with Section 7.11 that is required
by any other provision of this Agreement) and shall not result in any adjustment to any amounts (including the amount of Indebtedness)
or increase in cash (and shall not be included for purposes of determining pricing, mandatory prepayments and the availability or amount
permitted pursuant to any covenant under Article VII) with respect to the quarter with respect to which such Cure Amount
was made other than the amount of the Consolidated EBITDA referred to in the immediately preceding sentence.

(b)In
furtherance of clause (a) above, (A) upon actual receipt and designation of the Cure Amount by the Lead Borrower, the
Financial Springing Covenant shall be deemed satisfied and complied with as of the end of the relevant fiscal quarter with the same effect
as though there had been no failure to comply with the Financial Springing Covenant and any Event of Default under the Financial Springing
Covenant (and any other Default arising solely as a result thereof) shall be deemed not to have occurred for purposes of the Loan Documents,
and (B) upon delivery to the Administrative Agent prior to the Cure Expiration Date of a notice from the Lead Borrower stating its
good faith intention to exercise its right set forth in this Section 8.04, neither the Administrative Agent on or after the
last day of the applicable quarter nor any Lender may exercise any rights or remedies under Section 8.02 (or under any other
Loan Document) on the basis of any actual or purported Event of Default under the Financial Springing Covenant (and any other Default
as a result thereof) until and unless the Cure Expiration Date has occurred without the Cure Amount having been received and designated;
provided that, until the earlier to occur of the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 10.01) of the
conditions in Section 4.02 and the receipt of such Cure Amount, no Revolving Credit Lender shall be required to make any
Revolving Credit Loan, no Swing Line Loans shall be made and no L/C Issuer shall issue any Letter of Credit.

156

(c)(i) In
each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, there shall be at least two fiscal quarters in which no cure right set forth in this
Section 8.04 is exercised, (ii) there can be no more than five (5) fiscal quarters in which the cure rights set
forth in this Section 8.04 are exercised during the term of the Revolving Credit Commitments and any Extended Revolving Credit
Commitments in respect thereof and (iii) there shall be no pro forma reduction in Indebtedness (by way of netting or otherwise)
with the proceeds of any Cure Amount for determining compliance with the Financial Covenants for the fiscal quarter with respect to which
such Cure Amount was made.

Article IX

Administrative
Agent and Other Agents

Section 9.01Appointment
and Authorization of Agents. (a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints, designates
and authorizes each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this
Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to it by the terms
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision
to the contrary contained elsewhere herein or in any other Loan Document, neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall
have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent
have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or Participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities,
duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent herein
and in the other Loan Documents with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations
arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended
to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties.

(b)Each
L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith,
and such L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Agents in this Article IX with
respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be
issued by it and the applications and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Agent
as used in this Article IX and in the definition of Agent-Related Person included such L/C Issuer with
respect to such acts or omissions, and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to such L/C Issuer.

(c)Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 9.15, each of the Secured Parties hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent
to act as the agent of (and to hold any security interest created by the Collateral Documents for and on behalf of or in trust or as
agent for) such Secured Party for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by the Loan Parties
to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection,
the Collateral Agent (and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.02
for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents,
or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Collateral Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of
all provisions of this Article IX (including, Section 9.07, as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact
were the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. Each of the Secured Parties
hereby further irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent to execute the Superpriority Intercreditor
Agreement and any other Intercreditor Agreement and to take such actions on their behalf as specified therein.

157

(d)[Reserved].

(e)[Reserved].

(f)[Reserved].

(g)[Reserved].

(h)[Reserved].

(i)[Reserved].

(j)With
respect to a Swiss Security:

(i)the
Collateral Agent (and each agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02
and/or any successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09 and/or any Supplemental Agent
appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.13) shall accept, hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or
release:

(A)any
Swiss Security of accessory (akzessorische) nature;

(B)the
benefit of this Section; and

(C)any
proceeds of such Swiss Security,

acting in its own name and as representative
(direkter Stellvertreter) in the name and for account of each of the other Secured Parties;

(ii)the
Collateral Agent (and each agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02
and/or any successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09 and/or any Supplemental Agent
appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.13) shall accept, hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or
release:

(A)any
Swiss Security of non-accessory (nicht akzessorische) nature;

(B)with
respect to the Parallel Debt only, any Swiss Security of accessory (akzessorische) nature;

(C)the
benefit of this Section and, as applicable, of the Parallel Debt; and

(D)any
proceeds of such Swiss Security,

as fiduciary (treuhnderisch)
in its own name or, with respect to the Parallel Debt, as creditor in its own right and not as a representative of the other Secured
Parties, but for the benefit of all Secured Parties;

158

(iii)each
present and future Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent) hereby appoints, instructs and authorises the Collateral Agent (and
each agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02
and/or any successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09 and/or any Supplemental Agent
appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.13) to accept, hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or release
the Swiss Security, the benefit of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) and, as applicable, of the Parallel Debt and any proceeds
of such Swiss Security as set out in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) and in the respective Collateral Document constituting
the Swiss Security, and the Collateral Agent (and each agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from
time to time pursuant to Section 9.02 and/or any successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09
and/or any Supplemental Agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.13) hereby accepts such appointment;
and

(iv)each
present and future Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent) hereby instructs and authorises the Collateral Agent (and each agent
or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02 and/or any
successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09 and/or any Supplemental Agent appointed from
time to time pursuant to Section 9.13) in its own name and/or in the name of such Secured Party as its representative (direkter
Stellvertreter), as the case may be to give effect to this paragraph, to enter into, amend, replace, rescind or terminate any Collateral
Document or other document constituting the Swiss Security, to exercise any rights and perform any obligations thereunder and to make
and accept all declarations and take all actions it considers necessary or useful in connection with any Swiss Security on behalf of
such Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent).

(k)With
respect to any Irish Transaction Security:

To the extent that any and/or
all rights, interests, benefits and other property comprised in the Irish Transaction Security and the proceeds thereof (the Trust
Property) is not transferred, charged or granted to the Collateral Agent on trust pursuant to the relevant Loan Documents,
the Collateral Agent declares itself trustee of the Trust Property to hold the same on trust for the Secured Parties for the purpose
of securing the Obligations on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the relevant Loan Documents provided that it
is hereby agreed that, in relation to any jurisdiction the courts of which would not recognize or give effect to the trusts expressed
to be created by this Agreement and any other applicable Loan Document, the relationship of the Secured Parties to the Collateral Agent
shall be construed as one of principal and agent.

(l)Any
Swedish Security will be granted to the Secured Parties represented by the Collateral Agent as agent of the Secured Parties.

Section 9.02Delegation
of Duties. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may execute any of
its duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral
(or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents or of exercising any rights and remedies thereunder) by or through agents,
employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning all matters pertaining
to such duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact
that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined in the final non-appealable judgment of a court
of competent jurisdiction).

159

Section 9.03Liability
of Agents. No Agent-Related Person shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted
to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby
(except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction, in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein), or (b) be responsible in any manner to any Lender or Participant
for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof, contained herein or in any other
Loan Document, or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity, effectiveness,
genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the perfection or priority of any Lien or
security interest created or purported to be created under the Collateral Documents, or for any failure of any Loan Party or any other
party to any Loan Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent-Related Person shall be under any obligation
to any Lender or participant to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or
conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party or any Affiliate
thereof.

Section 9.04Reliance
by Agents. (a) Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected
in relying, upon any writing, communication, signature, resolution, representation, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter,
telegram, facsimile, telex or telephone message, electronic mail message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it
to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal
counsel (including counsel to any Loan Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by such Agent. Each Agent shall be
fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence
of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders
against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each
Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document
in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required hereby
in any instance) and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders.

(b)For
purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01 or 4.02 with respect to Credit Extensions
on the Closing Date, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied
with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless
the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.

Section 9.05Notice
of Default. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of
the occurrence of any Default, unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender or the Lead Borrower
referring to this Agreement, describing such Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default. The Administrative
Agent will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to any
Event of Default as may be directed by the Required Lenders in accordance with Article VIII; provided that unless
and until the Administrative Agent has received any such direction, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take
such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Event of Default as it shall deem advisable or in the best interest
of the Lenders.

160

Section 9.06Credit
Decision; Disclosure of Information by Agents. Each Lender acknowledges that no Agent-Related
Person has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance
of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation
or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender as to any matter, including whether Agent-Related Persons have disclosed material
information in their possession. Each Lender represents to each Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related
Person and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the
business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries,
and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter
into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrowers hereunder. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without
reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue
to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial
and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be
furnished to the Lenders by any Agent herein, such Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit
or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any
of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates which may come into the possession of any Agent-Related Person. Each Lender represents
and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) in participating as a Lender,
it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable
to such Lender in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of investing in the general performance or operations of the
Borrower, or for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument such as a security (and each
Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing, such as a claim under the federal or state securities laws), and
(iii) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities
set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make,
acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial
loans or providing such other facilities.

Section 9.07Indemnification
of Agents. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Lenders
shall indemnify upon demand each Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and without limiting
the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), pro rata (determined as if there were no Defaulting Lenders), and hold harmless each
Agent-Related Person from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by it; provided that no Lender shall be liable
for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting from such Agent-Related Persons
own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction;
provided that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of
the Lenders as shall be required by the Loan Documents) shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes
of this Section 9.07. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Liabilities,
this Section 9.07 applies whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any other
Person. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent upon
demand for its ratable share (determined as if there were no Defaulting Lenders) of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including Attorney
Costs) incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, in connection with the preparation, execution,
delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or
legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by
or referred to herein, to the extent that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, is not reimbursed for
such expenses by or on behalf of the Loan Parties. The undertaking in this Section 9.07 shall survive termination of the
Aggregate Commitments, the payment of all other Obligations and the resignation of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent,
as the case may be.

161

Section 9.08Agents
in their Individual Capacities. DBNY and its Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters
of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, acquire Equity Interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial
advisory, underwriting or other business with the Holdcos, the Borrowers and their respective Affiliates as though DBNY were not the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or an L/C Issuer hereunder and without notice to or consent of the Lenders. The Lenders acknowledge
that, pursuant to such activities, DBNY or its Affiliates may receive information regarding the Holdcos, the Borrowers or their respective
Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of the Holdcos, the Borrowers or such Affiliate)
and acknowledge that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall be under any obligation to provide such information
to them. With respect to its Loans, DBNY and its Affiliates shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender
and may exercise such rights and powers as though it were not the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or an L/C Issuer, and the
terms Lender and Lenders include DBNY in its individual capacity. Any successor to DBNY as
the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall also have the rights attributed to DBNY under this Section 9.08.

Section 9.09Successor
Agents. (a) Each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may resign as
the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, upon thirty (30) days notice to Lenders and the Lead Borrower.
Any such resignation by the Administrative Agent hereunder shall also constitute its resignation as an L/C Issuer and the Swing Line
Lender, in which case upon the effectiveness of such resignation in accordance with this Section 9.09 the resigning Administrative
Agent (x) shall not be required to issue any further Letters of Credit or make any additional Swing Line Loans hereunder and (y) shall
maintain all of its rights as an L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, with respect to any Letters of Credit issued
by it or Swing Line Loans made by it, in each case prior to the effective date of such resignation. Such resignation shall take effect
upon the appointment of a successor Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.09.

(b)If
the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent resigns under this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall (i) appoint from among
the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (ii) use reasonable efforts to arrange
for a Person or Persons (which may, but shall not be required to be, the new Administrative Agent) that will agree to become an L/C Issuer
and/or the Swing Line Lender hereunder, in each case who shall be a Lender, a commercial bank or a trust company, in each case reasonably
acceptable to the Lead Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) or
8.01(g) (which consent of the Lead Borrower shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

(c)If
no successor agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as
applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, may appoint, after consulting with the Lenders
and the Lead Borrower, a successor agent from among the Lenders and (ii) shall use reasonable efforts to arrange for a Person or
Persons (which may, but shall not be required to be, the new Administrative Agent) that will agree to become an L/C Issuer and/or the
Swing Line Lender hereunder, in each case to the extent the Required Lenders have failed to do the same pursuant to Section 9.09(b).

162

(d)Upon
the acceptance of its appointment as successor agent hereunder, the Person acting as such successor agent shall succeed to all the rights,
powers and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent or retiring Collateral Agent, as applicable, and the term Administrative
Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall mean such successor administrative agent or collateral
agent and/or Supplemental Agent, as the case may be, and the retiring Administrative Agents or Collateral Agents, as applicable,
appointment, powers and duties as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent shall be terminated. After the retiring Administrative
Agents or the Collateral Agents resignation hereunder as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, the
provisions of this Article IX and Sections 10.04 and 10.05 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken
or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, under this Agreement.

(e)If
no successor agent has accepted appointment as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, by the date which is
thirty (30) days following the retiring Administrative Agents or Collateral Agents, as applicable, notice of resignation,
the retiring Administrative Agents or the retiring Collateral Agents, as applicable, resignation shall nevertheless thereupon
become effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, hereunder
until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above.

(f)Upon
the acceptance of any appointment as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder by a successor and upon the execution and
filing or recording of such financing statements, or amendments thereto, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or
desirable, or as the Required Lenders may request, in order to (i) continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to
be granted by the Collateral Documents or (ii) otherwise ensure that Section 6.11 is satisfied, the Administrative Agent
or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, discretion, privileges,
and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, and the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral
Agent, as applicable, shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents.

(g)After
the retiring Administrative Agents or Collateral Agents resignation hereunder as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent, the provisions of this Article IX shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted
to be taken by it while it was acting as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable and the retiring Administrative
Agent and the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, shall remain indemnified to the extent provided in this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents.

Section 9.10Administrative
Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency,
liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, judicial management, composition or other judicial proceeding relative
to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and
payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand
on either Borrower or the Collateral Agent) shall be (to the fullest extent permitted by mandatory provisions of applicable Law) entitled
and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(a)to
file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and
all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the
claims of the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel
and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(h) and (i),
2.09 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

163

(b)to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, monitor, curator, receiver,
receiver-manager, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized
by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent
shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent any
amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Agents and their respective agents and counsel,
and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04.

Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan
of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative
Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding.

Section 9.11Collateral
and Guaranty Matters. Each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Hedge
Bank) and the L/C Issuer irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent:

(a)to
enter into and sign for and on behalf of the Lenders as Secured Parties the Collateral Documents for the benefit of the Lenders and the
other Secured Parties;

(b)to
automatically release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent under any Loan Document
(i) upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than (A) contingent indemnification
obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and (B) obligations and liabilities under Treasury Services Agreements and Secured
Hedge Agreements not due and payable) and the expiration or termination or Cash Collateralization of all Letters of Credit (other than
Letters of Credit that are Cash Collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit in form, amount and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the applicable L/C Issuer or a deemed reissuance under another facility as to which other arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the L/C Issuer shall have been made), (ii) at the time the property subject to such Lien is Disposed or to be Disposed
as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document to any Person other than a Loan
Party (or, if such transferee is a Loan Party, at the option of the applicable Loan Party, such Lien on such asset may still be released
in connection with the transfer so long as (x) the transferee grants a new Lien to the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent
on such asset substantially concurrently with the transfer of such asset, (y) the transfer is between parties organized under the
laws of different jurisdictions and at least one of such parties is a Foreign Subsidiary and (z) the priority of the new Lien is
the same as that of the original Lien), (iii) subject to Section 10.01, if the release of such Lien is approved, authorized
or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, (iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon release
of such Guarantor from its obligations under its Guaranty pursuant to clause (c) below or (v) if such property becomes
an Excluded Asset;

(c)to
release or subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under any Loan
Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 7.01(p) or (r) (in the
case of clause (r), to the extent required by the terms of the obligations secured by such Liens); and

(d)to
release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty as provided in Section 11.17.

164

Upon request by the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents or the Collateral
Agents authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor
from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.11. In each case as specified in this Section 9.11,
the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent will (and each Lender irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent and the Collateral
Agent to), at the Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as the Lead Borrower may
reasonably request to evidence the release or subordination of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted
under the Collateral Documents, or to evidence the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty, in each case in
accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.11.

Section 9.12Other
Agents; Arrangers and Managers. None of the Lenders or other Persons identified on the facing
page or signature pages of this Agreement as a joint lead arranger or joint bookrunner shall have
any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders as such.
Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Lenders or other Persons so identified shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship
with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Lenders or other Persons so identified
in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder.

Section 9.13Appointment
of Supplemental Agents. (a) It is the purpose of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents that there shall be no violation of any Law of any jurisdiction denying or restricting the right of banking corporations or
associations to transact business as agent or trustee in such jurisdiction. It is recognized that in case of litigation under this Agreement
or any of the other Loan Documents, and in particular in case of the enforcement of any of the Loan Documents, or in case the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent deems that by reason of any present or future Law of any jurisdiction it may not exercise any of the rights,
powers or remedies granted herein or in any of the other Loan Documents or take any other action which may be desirable or necessary
in connection therewith, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are hereby authorized to appoint an additional individual
or institution selected by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion as a separate trustee, co-trustee,
administrative agent, collateral agent, administrative sub-agent or administrative co-agent (any such additional individual or institution
being referred to herein individually as a Supplemental Agent and collectively as Supplemental Agents).

(b)In
the event that the Collateral Agent appoints a Supplemental Agent with respect to any Collateral, (i) each and every right, power,
privilege or duty expressed or intended by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to be exercised by or vested in or conveyed
to the Collateral Agent with respect to such Collateral shall be exercisable by and vest in such Supplemental Agent to the extent, and
only to the extent, necessary to enable such Supplemental Agent to exercise such rights, powers and privileges with respect to such Collateral
and to perform such duties with respect to such Collateral, and every covenant and obligation contained in the Loan Documents and necessary
to the exercise or performance thereof by such Supplemental Agent shall run to and be enforceable by either the Collateral Agent or such
Supplemental Agent, and (ii) the provisions of this Article IX and of Sections 10.04 and 10.05 that
refer to the Administrative Agent shall inure to the benefit of such Supplemental Agent and all references therein to the Collateral
Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Collateral Agent and/or such Supplemental Agent, as the context may require.

(c)Should
any instrument in writing from any Loan Party be required by any Supplemental Agent so appointed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to him or it such rights, powers, privileges and duties, such Loan Party
shall execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all such instruments promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent. In case any Supplemental Agent, or a successor thereto, shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all the rights,
powers, privileges and duties of such Supplemental Agent, to the extent permitted by Law, shall vest in and be exercised by the Administrative
Agent until the appointment of a new Supplemental Agent.

165

Section 9.14[Reserved].

Section 9.15Parallel
Debt owed to Collateral Agent. (a) Without prejudice to the provisions of Section 9.01(k),
each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to pay to the Collateral Agent as creditor in its own right and not
as a representative of the other Secured Parties amounts equal to any amounts owing from time to time by that Loan Party to any Secured
Party under any Loan Document, Secured Hedge Agreement or Treasury Services Agreement as and when those amounts are due for payment under
the relevant Loan Document, Secured Hedge Agreement or Treasury Services Agreement.

(b)Each
Loan Party and the Collateral Agent acknowledge that the obligations of each Loan Party under Section 9.15(a) are several
and are separate and independent from, and shall not in any way limit or affect, the corresponding obligations of that Loan Party to
any Secured Party under any Loan Document, any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Treasury Services Agreement (its Corresponding
Debt) nor shall the amounts for which each Loan Party is liable under Section 9.15(a) (its Parallel
Debt) be limited or affected in any way by its Corresponding Debt; provided that:

(i)the
Collateral Agent shall not demand payment with regard to the Parallel Debt of each Loan Party to the extent that such Loan Partys
Corresponding Debt has been irrevocably paid or (in the case of guarantee obligations) discharged; and

(ii)a
Secured Party shall not demand payment with regard to the Corresponding Debt of each Loan Party to the extent that such Loan Partys
Parallel Debt has been irrevocably paid or (in the case of guarantee obligations) discharged.

(c)The
Collateral Agent acts in its own name and not as a trustee, and its claims in respect of the Parallel Debt shall not be held on trust.
The Collateral granted under the Loan Documents to the Collateral Agent to secure the Parallel Debt is granted to the Collateral Agent
in its capacity as creditor of the Parallel Debt and shall not be held on trust.

(d)All
monies received or recovered by the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Section 9.15, and all amounts received or recovered
by the Collateral Agent from or by the enforcement of any Collateral granted to secure the Parallel Debt, shall be applied in accordance
with this Agreement.

(e)Without
limiting or affecting the Collateral Agents rights against the Loan Parties (whether under this Section 9.15 or under
any other provision of the Loan Documents, Secured Hedge Agreement or Treasury Services Agreement), each Loan Party acknowledges that:

(i)nothing
in this Section 9.15 shall impose any obligation on the Collateral Agent to advance any sum to any Loan Party or otherwise
under any Loan Document, Secured Hedge Agreement or Treasury Services Agreement, except in its capacity as lender; and

(ii)for
the purpose of any vote taken under any Loan Document, Secured Hedge Agreement or Treasury Services Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall
not be regarded as having any participation or commitment other than those which it has in its capacity as a Lender.

166

Article X

Miscellaneous

Section 10.01Amendments,
Etc. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no amendment or waiver of any provision
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless
in writing signed by the Required Lenders (other than with respect to any amendment or waiver contemplated in Sections 10.01(a) through
(j)below, which shall only require the consent of the Lenders expressly set forth therein and not the Required Lenders) (or by the Administrative
Agent with the written consent of the Required Lenders) and such Loan Party and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in
the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided that, no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:

(a)extend
or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of each Lender holding such Commitment (it being understood that
a waiver of any condition precedent or of any Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall not constitute
an extension or increase of any Commitment of any Lender);

(b)postpone
any date scheduled for, or reduce or forgive the amount of, any payment of principal or interest under Section 2.07 or 2.08
(other than pursuant to Section 2.08(b)), including, without limitation, the conversion of cash pay interest to payment-in-kind
interest, or extend the due date of any scheduled interest, fee or other payment or related grace periods without the written consent
of each Lender holding the applicable Obligation;

(c)reduce
or forgive the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or L/C Borrowing, including, without limitation,
the conversion of cash pay interest to payment-in-kind interest, or extend the due date of any scheduled interest, fee or other payment
or related grace periods or (subject to clause (iii) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01) any fees or other
amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document (or extend the timing of payments of such fees or other amounts) without the
written consent of each Lender holding such Loan, L/C Borrowing or to whom such fee or other amount is owed; provided that, only
the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation
of the Borrowers to pay interest at the Default Rate;

(d)change
or make any amendment, waiver or modification that would have the direct or indirect effect of changing any provision of this Section 10.01,
the definition of Required Lenders, Required Class Lenders, Supermajority Required Lenders,
or Pro Rata Share, Section 2.06, 2.12(a), 2.12(g), 2.13 or 8.03 or any pre- or
post-enforcement waterfall (including to any amendment, modification, waiver or entry into an Intercreditor Agreement) without the written
consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;

(e)other
than in connection with a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 7.05 on the Closing Date, release all or substantially
all or any material portion of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each
Lender;

(f)other
than in connection with a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 7.05 on the Closing Date, release all or substantially
all or any material portion of the aggregate value of the Guarantees, without the written consent of each Lender;

(g)change
the currency in which any Loan is denominated without the written consent of each Lender holding such Loans;

167

(h)(1) waive
any condition set forth in Section 4.02 as to any Credit Extension under one or more Classes of Revolving Credit Commitments
or (2) amend, waive or otherwise modify any term or provision which directly affects Lenders under one or more Classes of Revolving
Credit Commitments and does not directly affect Lenders under any other Class, in each case, without the written consent of the Required
Class Lenders under such applicable Class or Classes of Revolving Credit Commitments (and in the case of multiple Classes which
are affected, such Required Class Lenders shall consent together as one Class) (it being understood that any amendment to the conditions
of effectiveness of Incremental Commitments set forth in Section 2.16 shall be subject to clause (i) below); provided,
however, that the waivers described in this clause (h) shall not require the consent of any Lenders other than (x) the
Required Class Lenders under such Class or Classes and (y) in the case of any waiver that otherwise would be subject to
clauses (a) through (g) above, each Lender, each directly affected Lender or each directly and adversely affected Lender
(as specified in the applicable clause) under the applicable Class or Classes of Revolving Credit Commitments;

(i)amend,
waive or otherwise modify any term or provision (including the availability and conditions to funding under Section 2.16
with respect to Incremental Commitments and the rate of interest applicable thereto) which directly affects Lenders of one or more Incremental
Commitments (including Loans extended under such Commitments) and does not directly affect Lenders under any other Class, in each case,
without the written consent of the Required Class Lenders under such Incremental Commitments (and in the case of multiple Classes
which are affected, such Required Class Lenders shall consent together as one Class); provided, however, that the
waivers described in this clause (i) shall not require the consent of any Lenders other than (x) the Required Class Lenders
under such Incremental Commitments and (y) in the case of any waiver that otherwise would be subject to clause (a) though
(g) above, each Lender, each directly affected Lender or each directly and adversely affected Lender (as specified in the applicable
clause) under the applicable Class or Classes of Incremental Commitments (including Loans extended under such Commitments);

(j)change,
or make any amendment, modification or waiver that would have the effect of directly or indirectly changing, the J. Crew Provision, the
Chewy Provision, the Double-Dip Provision, the Envision Provision or the Anti-Liability Management Provision without the written consent
of each Lender directly affected thereby;

(k)other
than the Unrestricted Subsidiaries set forth on Schedule 1.01D on the Closing Date, permit, or make any amendment, waiver or other
modification that would have the direct or indirect effect of permitting, the creation or the existence of any Subsidiary that would
be unrestricted or otherwise have the effect of allowing any Subsidiary to be excluded from the requirements applicable
to the Lead Borrower or its Subsidiaries pursuant to the Loan Documents without the written consent of each Lender directly affected
thereby;

(l)(1) change,
or make any amendment, modification or waiver that would have the effect of directly or indirectly changing, Section 2.16
or Section 7.03 with respect to the right of holders of loans pursuant to any incremental facility or any other facility
or Indebtedness to approve any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action under the Loan Documents without the written
consent of each Lender directly affected thereby or (2) effect any amendment, waiver or other modification that would authorize,
or have the effect of directly or indirectly authorizing, the incurrence of additional Indebtedness that would be issued under the Loan
Documents in contemplation of or for the purpose of influencing any voting threshold or consummating any liability management transaction
without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;

168

(m)permit,
or make any amendment, waiver or other modification that would have the direct or indirect effect of permitting, additional Investments
to be made to a non-Loan Party Subsidiary, additional assets to be disposed or otherwise transferred to a non-Loan Party Subsidiary,
or additional Indebtedness to be incurred by a non-Loan Party Subsidiary, in each case, in excess of amounts permitted under the Loan
Documents on the Closing Date without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;

(n)subordinate,
or make any amendment, waiver or other modification that would have the direct or indirect effect of subordinating, (1) the Obligations
in right of payment to any other Indebtedness or (2) any Liens securing the Obligations to any Liens on the Collateral securing
any other Indebtedness, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender; or

(o)permit
(including, without limitation, by way of any amendment, modification or waiver of Section 2.16 or Section 7.03)
the incurrence of, or effect any amendment, modification or waiver that would directly or indirectly permit the incurrence of, any indebtedness
that is pari passu in right of payment with respect to the Obligations (including any amendment, waiver or other modification that adds
such indebtedness to the pre- or post-enforcement waterfall provisions of the Loan Documents (including any Intercreditor
Agreement)) or pari passu to the Obligations with respect to lien priority, in each case, without the consent of the Supermajority Required
Lenders;

and provided further that (i) no
amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by each L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect
the rights or duties of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Request for L/C Issuance relating to any Letter of Credit issued or
to be issued by it; provided, however, that this Agreement may be amended to adjust the mechanics related to the issuance
of Letters of Credit, including mechanical changes relating to the existence of multiple L/C Issuers, with only the written consent of
the Administrative Agent, the applicable L/C Issuer and each Borrower so long as the obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders, if
any, who have not executed such amendment, and if applicable the other L/C Issuers, if any, who have not executed such amendment, are
not adversely affected thereby; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender
in addition to the Lenders required above, adversely affect the rights or duties of such Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; provided,
however, that this Agreement may be amended to adjust the borrowing mechanics related to Swing Line Loans with only the written
consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lenders and each Borrower so long as the obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders,
if any, who have not executed such amendment are not adversely affected thereby; (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless
in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, in addition to the Lenders required above,
affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable,
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (iv) Section 10.07(j) may not be amended, waived or otherwise
modified without the consent of each Granting Lender all or any part of whose Loans are being funded by an SPC at the time of such amendment,
waiver or other modification.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder
(and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected
with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased
or extended without the consent of such Lender (it being understood that any Commitments or Loans held or deemed held by any Defaulting
Lender shall be excluded for a vote of the Lenders hereunder requiring any consent of the Lenders).

169

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no Lender consent is required to effect any amendment or supplement to any Intercreditor Agreement or other intercreditor agreement or
arrangement permitted under this Agreement (i) that is for the purpose of adding a Senior Representative with respect thereto, as
parties thereto, as expressly contemplated by the terms of such Intercreditor Agreement or such other intercreditor agreement or arrangement
permitted under this Agreement, as applicable (it being understood that any such amendment or supplement may make such other changes
to the applicable intercreditor agreement as, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, are required to effectuate
the foregoing and provided that such other changes are not adverse, in any material respect, to the interests of the Lenders)
or (ii) that is expressly contemplated by any Intercreditor Agreement or other intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted
under this Agreement to be effected without the consent of any Lender; provided, further, that no such agreement shall
amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document without
the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and
the Lead Borrower (a) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from
time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents with the Revolving Credit Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (b) to include
appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Section 10.01, the Holdcos, the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent may without
the input or consent of the Lenders, effect amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate
in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent to effect the provisions of Section 2.16, 2.17 or 2.18.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Section 10.01, guarantees, collateral security documents and related documents executed
by Subsidiaries in connection with this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and may be, together
with this Agreement, amended, supplemented and waived with the consent of the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent, as the
case may be, at the request of the Lead Borrower without the need to obtain the consent of any other Lender if such amendment, supplement
or waiver (i) is of a technical nature (including curing any ambiguities, omissions, mistakes or defects) and/or is, in the judgment
of the Collateral Agent, required by applicable local law on the advice of local counsel, in the interests of the Secured Parties or
(in the case of any non-U.S. Collateral Documents) necessary or desirable to preserve, maintain, perfect and/or protect the security
interests purported to the granted by the respective non-U.S. Collateral Documents or (ii) to cause such guarantee, collateral security
document or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, provided, that any section in a
Collateral Document providing for a governing law and/or a jurisdiction different from Section 10.15 shall not be deemed
a conflict of this Agreement.

If the Administrative Agent
and the Lead Borrower shall have jointly identified an obvious error (including, but not limited to, an incorrect cross-reference) or
any error or omission of a technical or immaterial nature, in each case, in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any exhibit, schedule or other attachment to any Loan Document), then the Administrative Agent
(acting in its sole discretion) and the Borrowers or any other relevant Loan Party shall be permitted to amend such provision and such
amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document. Notification of such
amendment shall be made by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders promptly upon such amendment becoming effective.

170

Section 10.02Notices
and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies.

(a)General.
Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for hereunder or under any other Loan Document
shall be in writing (including by facsimile transmission). All such written notices shall be mailed, faxed or delivered to the applicable
address, facsimile number or electronic mail address, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given
by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows:

(i)if
to any Holdco, any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, an L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the address,
facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 or to such other address,
facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties;
and

(ii)if
to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire
or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice
to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, an L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender.

All such notices and other communications shall
be deemed to be given or made upon the earlier to occur of (i) actual receipt by the relevant party hereto and (ii) (A) if
delivered by hand or by courier, when signed for by or on behalf of the relevant party hereto; (B) if delivered by mail to a party
in (x) Asia, eight (8) Business Days after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid or (y) any other location, four (4) Business
Days after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid; (C) if delivered by facsimile, when sent and receipt has been confirmed by telephone;
and (D) if delivered by electronic mail (which form of delivery is subject to the provisions of Section 10.02(c)), when
delivered; provided that notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, an L/C Issuer and
the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Article II shall not be effective until actually received by such Person. In no event shall
a voice mail message be effective as a notice, communication or confirmation hereunder.

(b)Effectiveness
of Facsimile Documents and Signatures. Loan Documents may be transmitted and/or signed by facsimile or other electronic communication.
The effectiveness of any such documents and signatures shall, subject to applicable Law, have the same force and effect as manually signed
originals and shall be binding on all Loan Parties, the Agents and the Lenders.

(c)Reliance
by Agents and Lenders. The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any
notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Holdco or
any Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed
by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation
thereof. Each Borrower shall indemnify each Agent-Related Person and each Lender from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting
from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of any Holdco or either Borrower in the absence of
gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent-Related Person as determined in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of
competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices to the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may be recorded by the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

Section 10.03No
Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure by any Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other
Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies,
powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies,
powers and privileges provided by Law.

171

Section 10.04Attorney
Costs and Expenses. Each Holdco and each Borrower jointly and severally agrees (a) to
pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Arrangers for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, syndication and execution of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and
any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated
thereby are consummated), and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including all
Attorney Costs, which shall be limited to White & Case LLP (and one local and specialist counsel in each applicable jurisdiction
for each group and, in the event of a conflict of interest, one additional counsel of each type to the affected parties)) and (b) to
pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Arrangers and each Lender for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of any
rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any legal
proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, and including all Attorney Costs, which shall be limited to Attorney
Costs of one counsel to the Administrative Agent and Arrangers (and one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for each group
and, in the event of any conflict of interest, one additional counsel of each type to the affected parties)). The foregoing costs and
expenses shall include all reasonable search, filing, recording and title insurance charges and fees related thereto, and other reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Agent. The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate
Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid within ten (10) Business
Days of receipt by the Lead Borrower of an invoice relating thereto setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail; provided
that, with respect to the Closing Date, all amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid on the Closing Date to the
extent invoiced to the Lead Borrower within one (1) Business Day of the Closing Date. If any Loan Party fails to pay when due any
costs, expenses or other amounts payable by it hereunder or under any Loan Document, such amount may be paid on behalf of such Loan Party
by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.

Each Holdco and
each Borrower jointly and severally agree and acknowledge that the provisions of Section 10.04 of the Junior Existing Credit Agreement
(as in effect prior to the effectiveness of that certain 2025 Incremental Amendment dated the date hereof (the 2025 Opco Incremental
Amendment), by and among Holdings, the Borrowers, the Loan Parties party thereto and the other parties party thereto) shall
inure to the benefit of the Arrangers and the Revolving Credit Lenders hereunder in their capacities as Revolving Credit Lender,
Arrangers, Swing Line Lenders, L/C Issuers or Hedge Banks or similar roles and
titles as such terms are defined in such credit agreement, notwithstanding the Existing Revolving Facility Termination (as defined in
the 2025 Opco Incremental Amendment).

Section 10.05Indemnification.
Each Holdco and each Borrower shall, jointly and severally, indemnify and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person, each Arranger, each
L/C Issuer, each Lender and their respective Affiliates, and directors, officers, employees, counsel, agents, trustees, investment advisors
and attorneys-in-fact of each of the foregoing (collectively the Indemnitees) from and against any and all liabilities,
obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements (including Attorney
Costs, which shall be limited to Attorney Costs of one counsel to the Administrative Agent and Arrangers (and one local and specialist
counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for each group and, in the event of any conflict of interest, one additional counsel of each
type to the affected parties)) of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against
any such Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of or in connection with (a) the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance
or administration of any Loan Document or any other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated
thereby or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, (b) any Commitment, Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or
proposed use of the proceeds therefrom including any refusal by an L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit
if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (c) any
actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials at, on, under or from any property or facility currently or formerly owned,
leased or operated by the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Loan Parties or any
Subsidiary, (d) the payment or recovery of an amount in connection with the Loan Documents in a currency other than the currency
required under the Loan Document or (e) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any
of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory (including any investigation of, preparation for, or defense of
any pending or threatened claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding) and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto
(a Proceeding) or whether or not such Proceeding is brought by any Holdco, Borrower or any other Person (all the
foregoing, collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities) in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole
or in part, out of the negligence of the Indemnitee; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, such indemnity shall not, as
to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions,
judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or of
any affiliate, director, officer, employee, counsel, agent or attorney-in-fact of such Indemnitee, as determined by the final non-appealable
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of any information
or other materials obtained through IntraLinks or other similar information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement, nor
shall any Indemnitee or the Lead Borrower or any Subsidiary have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages
relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before
or after the Closing Date) (other than, in the case of a Loan Party, in respect of any such damages incurred or paid by an Indemnitee
to a third party, or which are included in a third-party claim, and for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses related thereto). In the
case of an investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section 10.05 applies, such indemnity
shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, any Subsidiary of any Loan
Party, any Loan Partys directors, stockholders or creditors or an Indemnitee or any other Person, whether or not any Indemnitee
is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not any of the transactions contemplated hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents
are consummated. All amounts due under this Section 10.05 shall be paid within ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor;
provided, however, that such Indemnitee shall promptly refund such amount to the extent that there is a final
judicial or arbitral determination that such Indemnitee was not entitled to indemnification rights with respect to such payment pursuant
to the express terms of this Section 10.05. The agreements in this Section 10.05 shall survive the resignation
of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and
the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.

172

Each Holdco and
each Borrower jointly and severally agree and acknowledge that the provisions of Section 10.05 of the Junior Existing Credit Agreement
(as in effect prior to the effectiveness of the 2025 OpCo Incremental Amendment) shall inure to the benefit of the Arrangers and the
Revolving Credit Lenders hereunder in their capacities as Revolving Credit Lender, Arrangers, Swing
Line Lenders, L/C Issuers or Hedge Banks or similar roles and titles, and their Indemnitees
as such terms are defined in such credit agreement, notwithstanding the Existing Revolving Facility Termination (as defined in the 2025
Opco Incremental Amendment).

Section 10.06Payments
Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrowers is made to any
Agent or any Lender, or any Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any
part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any
settlement entered into by such Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection
with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof
originally intended to be satisfied shall, to the fullest extent possible under provisions of applicable Law, be revived and continued
in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees
to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by any Agent, plus
interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Federal Funds
Rate from time to time in effect.

Section 10.07Successors
and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither any Holdco nor
any Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender
and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Assignee pursuant to
an assignment made in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(b) (such an assignee, an Eligible Assignee)
and, in the case of any Assignee that is Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, Section 2.15, (ii) by way of participation
in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(e), (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject
to the restrictions of Section 10.07(g) or (iv) to an SPC in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(h) (and
any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void); provided, however, that notwithstanding
the foregoing, no Lender may assign or transfer by participation any of its rights or obligations hereunder to (i) any Person that
is a Defaulting Lender, (ii) a natural Person or (iii) a Disqualified Institution. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or
implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted
hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 10.07(e) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the
Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

(b)(i)Subject
to the conditions set forth in clause (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees (Assignees)
all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including
for purposes of this Section 10.07(b), participations in L/C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it)
with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, except in connection with a proposed
assignment to any Defaulting Lender, natural person or Disqualified Institution) of:

(A)the
Lead Borrower, provided that no consent of the Lead Borrower shall be required for (i) an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate
of a Lender or an Approved Fund, (ii) other than with respect to any proposed assignment to any Person that is a Disqualified Institution,
an assignment if an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), Section 8.01(f) or Section 8.01(b) (with
respect to the Financial Covenants) has occurred and is continuing or (iii) an assignment of all or a portion of the Loans pursuant
to Section 2.15; provided that, other than with respect to any proposed assignment to any Person that is a Disqualified
Institution, the Lead Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall have objected thereto by written
notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof;

173

(B)the
Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment (i) of all
or any portion of a Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or (ii) to an Agent or an Affiliate of an Agent;

(C)each
L/C Issuer, provided that no consent of an L/C Issuer shall be required for any assignment (i) not related to Revolving Credit
Commitments or Revolving Credit Exposure or (ii) of all or any portion of a Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved
Fund on the Closing Date; and

(D)the
Swing Line Lender; provided that no consent of the Swing Line Lender shall be required for any assignment (i) not related
to Revolving Credit Commitments or Revolving Credit Exposure, (ii) to an Agent or an Affiliate of an Agent or (iii) of all
or any portion of a Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund on the Closing Date.

(ii)assignments
shall be subject to the following additional conditions:

(A)except
in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount
of the assigning Lenders Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject
to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the
Administrative Agent) shall not be less than an amount of $2,500,000 (in the case of each Revolving Credit Loan), unless each of the
Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents, provided that such amounts shall be aggregated in respect of each
Lender and its Affiliates or Approved Funds, if any;

(B)the
parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing
and recordation fee of $3,500 (unless such fee is waived by the Administrative Agent); provided that only one such fee shall be
payable in the event of simultaneous assignments to or from two or more Approved Funds; and

(C)the
Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.

This clause (b) shall
not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Facilities on a non-pro rata
basis among such Facilities.

In connection with any assignment
of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to
the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative
Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee
of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Lead Borrower and the
Administrative Agent, the applicable Pro Rata Share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of
which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then
owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire
(and fund as appropriate) its full Pro Rata Share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in accordance
with its Pro Rata Share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting
Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee
of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.

174

(c)Subject
to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.07(d), from and after the effective
date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent
of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the
assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations
under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations
under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01,
3.04, 3.05, 10.04 and 10.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date
of such assignment). Upon request, and the surrender by the assigning Lender of its Note, the relevant Borrowers (at their expense) shall
execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement
that does not comply with this clause (c) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation
in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 10.07(e).

(d)The
Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at the Administrative Agents
Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the
Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of the Loans, L/C Obligations (specifying the Unreimbursed
Amounts), L/C Borrowings and the amounts due under Section 2.03, owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from
time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrowers,
the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder
for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption
executed by an assigning Lender and an Assignee, an Administrative Questionnaire completed in respect of the Assignee (if applicable
and unless the Assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in Section 10.07(b)(ii)(B) above
(if applicable) and, if required, the written consent of the Lead Borrower, the L/C Issuers, the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative
Agent to such assignment, the Administrative Agent shall (i) accept such Assignment and Assumption and (ii) record the information
contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in
this paragraph. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers, any Agent and any Lender, at any reasonable time and
from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(e)Any
Lender may at any time sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person a Disqualified Institution or a Defaulting Lender)
(each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement
(including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lenders participations in L/C Obligations and/or
Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
(ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the
Borrowers, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders
rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall
provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment,
modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; provided that such agreement or instrument
may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described
in clauses (a) through (f) of the first proviso to Section 10.01 that requires the affirmative vote of such
Lender. Subject to Section 10.07(f), the Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections
3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations of such Sections) to the same extent as if it were
a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.07(c). To the extent permitted by applicable
Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.09 as though it were a Lender; provided
that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation
shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and
address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other
obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register). The entries in the Participant Register shall be
conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner
of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. No Lender shall have any obligation
to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to
a Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any
Person, except that the portion of any Participant Register relating to any Participant or SPC requesting payment from a Borrower or
seeking to exercise its rights under Section 10.09 shall be available for inspection by the Lead Borrower upon reasonable
request to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation
is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or as is otherwise required thereunder.

175

(f)A
Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 than the
applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of
the participation to such Participant is made with the Lead Borrowers prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed (it being understood the Lead Borrower shall have a reasonable basis for withholding consent if such Participant would result
in materially increased indemnification obligation to the Lead Borrower at such time).

(g)Any
Lender may, without the consent of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at any time pledge or assign a security interest in
all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including
any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank having jurisdiction over it; provided
that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee
or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

(h)The
Luxembourg Loan Parties hereby expressly accept and confirm, for the purposes of Article 1278 of the Luxembourg Civil Code that,
notwithstanding any assignment, amendment, novation or transfer of any kind permitted under, and made in accordance with, the provisions
of this Agreement or any agreement referred to herein to which a Luxembourg Loan Party is a party (including any Collateral Document),
any security interest created under such agreement shall continue in full force and effect to the benefit of each new Lender. Each other
Luxembourg Loan Party hereby accepts and confirms the above.

(i)The
Loan Parties organized under Belgian law hereby expressly accept and confirm, for the purposes of Article 1278 of the Belgian Civil
Code, that, notwithstanding any novation permitted under this Agreement or any agreement referred to herein, any security interest created
under such agreement shall continue in full force and effect to the benefit of each new Lender.

(j)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender) may grant to a special purpose funding
vehicle identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower (an
SPC) the option to provide all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to
make pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to fund any Loan,
(ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to make all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall
be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof and (iii) such SPC and the applicable Loan or any applicable part thereof,
shall be appropriately reflected in the Participant Register. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) an SPC shall be entitled
to the benefit of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and the limitations of such Sections),
but neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase
or change the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement except in the case of Section 3.01, to the extent that the
grant to the SPC was made with the prior written consent of the Lead Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; for the avoidance
of doubt, the Lead Borrower shall have reasonable basis for withholding consent if an exercise by SPC immediately after the grant would
result in materially increased indemnification obligation to a Borrower at such time), (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity
or similar payment obligation under this Agreement for which a Lender would be liable, and (iii) the Granting Lender shall for all
purposes, including the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document, remain the lender
of record hereunder. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent,
and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any SPC may (i) with
notice to, but without prior consent of the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent and with the payment of a processing fee of $3,500,
assign all or any portion of its right to receive payment with respect to any Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose on a
confidential basis any non-public information relating to its funding of Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider
of any surety or Guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC.

176

(k)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, without the consent of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent, (1) any Lender
may in accordance with applicable Law create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the Notes, if any,
held by it and (2) any Lender that is a Fund may create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the
Notes, if any, held by it to the trustee for holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Fund as security for such obligations
or securities; provided that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance with the other provisions of
this Section 10.07, (i) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations under the Loan
Documents and (ii) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under the Loan Documents even though
such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise.

(l)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein other than the proviso in the definition of L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender,
in each case, in respect of any Extension or Extensions of Revolving Credit Commitments effected in accordance with Section 2.18,
any L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender may, upon thirty (30) days notice to the Lead Borrower and the Lenders, resign as an L/C Issuer
or Swing Line Lender, respectively; provided that the relevant L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender shall use reasonable efforts to
identify, on or prior to the expiration of such 30-day period with respect to such resignation, a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line
Lender reasonably acceptable to the Lead Borrower willing to accept its appointment as successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as
applicable. In the event of any such resignation of an L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the Lead Borrower shall be entitled to appoint
from among the Lenders willing to accept such appointment a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; provided that
no failure by the Lead Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of the relevant L/C Issuer or the Swing Line
Lender, as the case may be, except as expressly provided above. If an L/C Issuer resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights
and obligations of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation
as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or
fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c)). If the Swing Line Lender resigns as Swing
Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by
it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans,
Benchmark Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c).

177

(m)[Reserved].

(n)[Reserved].

Section 10.08Confidentiality.
Each of the Agents and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information, except that Information may be disclosed
(a) to its Affiliates and its and its Affiliates managers, administrators, directors, officers, employees, trustees, partners,
investors, investment advisors and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons
to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information
confidential); (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority or self regulatory authority having or asserting jurisdiction
over such Person (including any Governmental Authority regulating any Lender or its Affiliates); (c) to the extent required by applicable
Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (d) to any other party to this Agreement; (e) subject to an
agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.08 (or as may otherwise be reasonably
acceptable to the Lead Borrower), to any pledgee referred to in Section 10.07(g), counterparty to a Swap Contract, Eligible
Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or Participant in any of its rights or obligations under this
Agreement; (f) with the written consent of the Lead Borrower; (g) to the extent such Information becomes publicly available
other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.08 or becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Arranger,
any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than a Loan Party or
its related parties (so long as such source is not known to the Administrative Agent, such Arranger, such Lender, such L/C Issuer or
any of their respective Affiliates to be bound by confidentiality obligations to any Loan Party); (h) to any Governmental Authority
or examiner (including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any other similar organization) regulating any Lender;
(i) to any rating agency when required by it (it being understood that, prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake
to preserve the confidentiality of any Information relating to Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries received by it from such Lender) or
to the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar organization; (j) to the extent such information is independently developed by any Agent
or any Arranger or (k) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder, under any other Loan Document or the enforcement
of its rights hereunder or thereunder. In addition, the Agents, the Arrangers and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement
and publicly available information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry,
and service providers to the Agents, the Arrangers and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement,
the other Loan Documents, the Commitments, and the Credit Extensions. For the purposes of this Section 10.08, Information
means all information received from the Loan Parties relating to any Loan Party, its Affiliates or its Affiliates directors, officers,
employees, trustees, investment advisors or agents, relating to the Holdcos, the Lead Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries or its business,
other than any such information that is publicly available to any Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender prior to disclosure by any Loan
Party other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.08; provided that, in the case of information received
from a Loan Party after the Closing Date, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential or is delivered
pursuant to Section 6.01, 6.02 or 6.03 hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 10.08
shall prohibit any Person from voluntarily disclosing or providing any Information within the scope of this confidentiality provision
to any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organization (any such entity, a Regulatory Authority) to the
extent that any such prohibition on disclosure set forth in this Section 10.08 shall be prohibited by the laws or regulations applicable
to such Regulatory Authority.

178

Section 10.09Setoff.
In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by Law, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of
Default, each Lender and its Affiliates (and the Collateral Agent, in respect of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses payable hereunder)
is authorized at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to each Borrower, any such notice being waived by each Borrower
(on its own behalf and on behalf of each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law,
to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held by, and other Indebtedness
at any time owing by, such Lender and its Affiliates or the Collateral Agent to or for the credit or the account of the respective Loan
Parties and their Subsidiaries against any and all Obligations (other than, with respect to any Guarantor, any Excluded Swap Obligations
of such Guarantor) owing to such Lender and its Affiliates or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document, now or
hereafter existing, irrespective of whether or not such Agent or such Lender or Affiliate shall have made demand under this Agreement
or any other Loan Document and although such Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or denominated in a currency different from that
of the applicable deposit or Indebtedness. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent after
any such set off and application made by such Lender; provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity
of such setoff and application. The rights of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender under this Section 10.09
are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent
and such Lender may have at Law.

Section 10.10Interest
Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document,
the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted
by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate). If any Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds
the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded
to the Borrowers. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by an Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum
Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense,
fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate,
allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder.

Section 10.11Counterparts.
This Agreement and each other Loan Document may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery by telecopier (or other electronic transmission, e.g., .pdf)
of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement and each other Loan Document shall be effective as delivery of
an original executed counterpart of this Agreement and such other Loan Document. The Agents may also require that any such documents
and signatures delivered by telecopier be confirmed by a manually signed original thereof; provided that the failure to request
or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any document or signature delivered by telecopier.

Section 10.12Integration.
This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, comprises the complete and integrated agreement of the parties on the subject
matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, on such subject matter. In the event of any conflict
between the provisions of this Agreement and those of any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall control; provided
that the inclusion of supplemental rights or remedies in favor of the Agents or the Lenders in any other Loan Document shall not
be deemed a conflict of this Agreement. Each Loan Document was drafted with the joint participation of the respective parties thereto
and shall be construed neither against nor in favor of any party, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning thereof.

179

Section 10.13Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and
in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive
the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by each Agent and
each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by any Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that any Agent or
any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and
effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain
outstanding.

Section 10.14Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity
and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby.
The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
In the event of any such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability, the parties shall negotiate in good faith with a view to agreeing
on a legal, valid and enforceable replacement provision which, to the extent practicable, is in accordance with the intent and purposes
of this Agreement and in its economic effect comes as close as possible to the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision.

Section 10.15GOVERNING
LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES, DISPUTES OR CAUSES OF ACTIONS (WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT OR TORT, IN LAW
OR EQUITY OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL, EXCEPT
AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN ANY COLLATERAL DOCUMENT, BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK.

(a)ANY
LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE
PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING
OR HEREAFTER ARISING AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF SUCH STATE, AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY
OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH LOAN PARTY, EACH AGENT AND EACH LENDER CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS AND AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE OR SUPPORT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANOTHER JURISDICTION. NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FOREGOING, NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT WILL PREVENT ANY LENDER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR THE COLLATERAL
AGENT FROM BRINGING ANY ACTION TO ENFORCE ANY AWARD OR JUDGMENT OR EXERCISE ANY RIGHT UNDER THE COLLATERAL DOCUMENTS OR AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL
OR ANY OTHER PROPERTY OF ANY LOAN PARTY IN ANY OTHER FORUM IN WHICH JURISDICTION CAN BE ESTABLISHED. EACH LOAN PARTY, EACH AGENT AND
EACH LENDER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON
CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF ANY
LOAN DOCUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT RELATED THERETO. EACH LOAN PARTY waives any immunity (sovereign
or otherwise) from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process to which you or your properties or assets may be entitled. To
the extent that ANY LOAN PARTY has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether
through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) with respect to itself
or its property, SUCH LOAN PARTY irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under the Loan Documents.

180

(b)EACH
PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER
AT LAW OR IN EQUITY) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES (OTHER THAN BY TELECOPIER OR
ELECTRONIC MAIL) IN SECTION 10.02. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY
HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. WITHOUT LIMITING THE OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 10.15
AND IN ADDITION TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS PROVIDED FOR HEREIN, THE LEAD BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY DESIGNATES, APPOINTS AND EMPOWERS
THE CO- BORROWER (AND THE CO- BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS SUCH APPOINTMENT), AS ITS AUTHORIZED DESIGNEE, APPOINTEE AND AGENT
TO RECEIVE, ACCEPT AND ACKNOWLEDGE FOR AND ON ITS BEHALF, AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL LEGAL PROCESS, SUMMONS,
NOTICES AND DOCUMENTS WHICH MAY BE SERVED IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. IF FOR ANY REASON THE CO- BORROWER SHALL CEASE TO BE
AVAILABLE TO ACT AS SUCH, THE LEAD BORROWER AGREES TO PROMPTLY DESIGNATE A NEW AUTHORIZED DESIGNEE, APPOINTEE AND AGENT IN NEW YORK CITY
ON THE TERMS AND FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS PROVISION REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

Section 10.16WAIVER
OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY TO THIS
AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT
OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT,
OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER FOUNDED IN CONTRACT OR
TORT OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY; AND EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION
OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR
A COPY OF THIS SECTION 10.16 WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE SIGNATORIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF
THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

Section 10.17Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Loan
Parties and the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Lender, the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer that each such
Lender, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Loan Parties,
each Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns, in each case in accordance with Section 10.07 (if
applicable) and except that no Loan Party shall have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior
written consent of the Lenders.

181

Section 10.18USA
PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act and the Administrative Agent
(for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Holdcos and each Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA
PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Holdcos and the Borrowers, which information
includes the Beneficial Ownership Certification and the name, address and tax identification number of the Holdcos and the Borrowers
and other information regarding the Holdcos and the Borrowers that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable,
to identify the Holdcos and the Borrowers in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements
of the USA PATRIOT Act and is effective as to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent.

Section 10.19No
Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. (a) In connection with all aspects of each transaction
contemplated hereby, each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that (i) the
facilities provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any
amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arms-length commercial transaction between
the Borrowers and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Agents, the Arrangers and the Lenders, on the other hand, and
the Borrowers are capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions
contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof), (ii) in
connection with the process leading to such transaction, each of the Agents, the Arrangers and the Lenders is and has been acting solely
as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Borrowers or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders,
creditors or employees or any other Person, (iii) none of the Agents, the Arrangers or the Lenders has assumed or will assume an
advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to any of the transactions
contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of
any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether any Agent or Lender has advised or is currently advising the Borrowers or any of its
Affiliates on other matters) and none of the Agents, the Arrangers or the Lenders has any obligation to the Borrowers or any of their
respective Affiliates with respect to the financing transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein
and in the other Loan Documents, (iv) the Agents, the Arrangers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in
a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from, and may conflict with, those of the Borrowers and their respective
Affiliates, and none of the Agents, the Arrangers or the Lenders has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any
advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship and (v) the Agents, the Arrangers and the Lenders have not provided and will not provide
any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment,
waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and the Loan Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory
and tax advisors to the extent they have deemed appropriate. Each Loan Party hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, any claims that it may have against the Agents, Arrangers and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency
or fiduciary duty under applicable law relating to agency and fiduciary obligations.

(b)Each
Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that each Lender, Arranger and any affiliate thereof may lend money to, invest in, and generally engage
in any kind of business with, any of the Borrowers, the Holdcos, any Affiliate thereof or any other person or entity that may do business
with or own securities of any of the foregoing, all as if such Lender, Arranger or Affiliate thereof were not a Lender or Arranger (or
an agent or any other person with any similar role under the Facilities) and without any duty to account therefor to any other Lender
or any Arranger, Holdco, Borrower or Affiliate of the foregoing. Each Lender, the Arrangers and any affiliate thereof may accept fees
and other consideration from the Holdcos, the Borrowers or any Affiliate thereof for services in connection with this Agreement, the
Facilities or otherwise without having to account for the same to any other Lender or any Arranger, Holdco, Borrower or Affiliate of
the foregoing. Some or all of the Lenders and the Arrangers may have directly or indirectly acquired certain equity interests (including
warrants) in the Holdcos, the Borrowers or an Affiliate thereof or may have directly or indirectly extended credit on a subordinated
basis to the Holdcos, the Borrowers or an Affiliate thereof. Each party hereto, on its behalf and on behalf of its affiliates, acknowledges
and waives the potential conflict of interest resulting from any such Lender, Arranger or an Affiliate thereof holding disproportionate
interests in the extensions of credit under the Facilities or otherwise acting as arranger or agent thereunder and such Lender, Arranger
or Affiliate thereof directly or indirectly holding equity interests in or subordinated debt issued by the Holdcos, Borrowers or an Affiliate
thereof.

182

Section 10.20Judgment
Currency. If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert
a sum due hereunder or under any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at
which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency
on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Loan Parties in respect of any such sum due
from it to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in
a currency (the Judgment Currency) other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable
provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day
following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent may
in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement
Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent from the Loan Parties in the Agreement Currency,
the Loan Parties agree, jointly and severally, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative
Agent or the Person to whom such obligation was owing against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater
than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent in such currency, the Administrative Agent agrees to return the amount of any
excess to the respective Loan Party (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law).

Section 10.21Certain
Undertakings with Respect to any Securitization Subsidiary. (a) Each Agent and Lender
agrees that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after payment in full of all of the obligations of an Existing Securitization
Subsidiary in connection with the Existing A/R Securitization Facility, (i) such Agent and such Lender shall not be entitled, whether
before or after the occurrence of any Event of Default, to (A) institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against,
any Existing Securitization Subsidiary any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding under the laws
of the United States or any State thereof, (B) transfer and register the capital stock of any Existing Securitization Subsidiary
or any other instrument evidencing any Securitization Sellers Retained Interest in the name of any Agent or a Secured Party or
any designee or nominee thereof, (C) foreclose on any security interest in any Securitization Sellers Retained Interest regardless
of the bankruptcy or insolvency of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (D) exercise any voting rights granted or appurtenant
to such capital stock of any Existing Securitization Subsidiary or any other instrument evidencing any Existing Securitization Sellers
Retained Interest or (E) enforce any right that the holder of any such capital stock of any Existing Securitization Subsidiary or
any other instrument evidencing any Existing Securitization Sellers Retained Interest might otherwise have to liquidate, consolidate,
combine, collapse or disregard the entity status of such Existing Securitization Subsidiary, (ii) such Agent and such Lender hereby
waives and releases any right to require (A) that any Existing Securitization Subsidiary be in any manner merged, combined, collapsed
or consolidated with or into the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, including by way of substantive consolidation in a bankruptcy
case or (B) that the status of any Existing Securitization Subsidiary as a separate entity be in any respect disregarded and (iii) such
Agent and such Lender agrees and acknowledges that the agent acting on behalf of the holders of securitization indebtedness of the Existing
Securitization Subsidiary is an express third party beneficiary with respect to Sections 10.21(a) and (b) and
such agent shall have the right to enforce compliance by the Agents and the Lenders with Sections 10.21(a) and (b).

183

(b)Upon
the transfer or purported transfer by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Existing Securitization Assets to an Existing
Securitization Subsidiary under the Existing A/R Securitization Facility, any Liens with respect to such Existing Securitization Assets
arising under this Agreement or any Collateral Documents related to the Agreement shall automatically be released (and each of the Administrative
Agent and the Collateral Agent, as applicable, is hereby authorized to execute and enter into any such releases and other documents as
the Lead Borrower may reasonably request in order to give effect thereto).

Section 10.22INTERCREDITOR
AGREEMENTS. (a) PURSUANT TO THE EXPRESS TERMS OF EACH INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT, IN
THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT OR INCONSISTENCY BETWEEN THE TERMS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE
PROVISIONS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN AND CONTROL.

(b)EACH
LENDER AUTHORIZES AND INSTRUCTS THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT TO ENTER INTO THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF SUCH LENDER,
AND TO TAKE ALL ACTIONS (AND EXECUTE ALL DOCUMENTS) REQUIRED (OR DEEMED ADVISABLE) BY IT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF SUCH INTERCREDITOR
AGREEMENT(S). EACH LENDER AGREES TO BE BOUND BY AND WILL TAKE NO ACTIONS CONTRARY TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT.

(c)THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 10.22 ARE NOT INTENDED TO SUMMARIZE ALL RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT.
REFERENCE MUST BE MADE TO THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ITSELF TO UNDERSTAND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS THEREOF. EACH LENDER IS
RESPONSIBLE FOR MAKING ITS OWN ANALYSIS AND REVIEW OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS THEREOF, AND
NO AGENT (AND NONE OF ITS AFFILIATES) MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION TO ANY LENDER AS TO THE SUFFICIENCY OR ADVISABILITY OF THE PROVISIONS
CONTAINED IN THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT.

(d)THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 10.22 SHALL APPLY WITH EQUAL FORCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS, TO THE SUPERPRIORITY INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT,
ANY SECOND LIEN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT, ANY SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT OR ARRANGEMENT PERMITTED BY
THIS AGREEMENT.

Section 10.23Certain
ERISA Matters.

(a)Each
Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the
date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers
or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i)such
Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42)
of ERISA) of one or more Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments,

184

(ii)the
transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent
qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption
for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and
performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement,

(iii)(A) such
Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE
84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of
Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of
PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the
Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or

(iv)such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and
such Lender.

(b)In
addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has
not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a),
such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants,
from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of,
the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit
of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that:

(i)none
of the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such
Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any
Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto),

(ii)the
Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of
and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21) and is
a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management or control,
total assets of at least $50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E),

(iii)the
Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of
and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general
and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Obligations),

(iv)the
Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of
and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect to the
Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder,
and

185

(v)no
fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers or any their respective Affiliates for
investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement.

(c)The
Administrative Agent and the Arrangers hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment
advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has
a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest
or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans
or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may
receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring
fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent
or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction
fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or
fees similar to the foregoing.

Article XI

Guarantee

Section 11.01The
Guarantee. Each Guarantor hereby jointly and severally with the other Guarantors guarantees,
as a primary obligor and not as a surety to each Secured Party and their respective successors and assigns, the prompt payment in full
when due (whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, demand, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of
and interest (including any interest, fees, costs or charges that would accrue but for the provisions of (i) the Title 11 of the
United States Code after any bankruptcy or insolvency petition under Title 11 of the United States Code and (ii) any other Debtor
Relief Laws) on the Loans made by the Lenders to, and the Notes held by each Lender of, the Borrowers, and all other Obligations (other
than, with respect to any Guarantor, any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor) from time to time owing to the Secured Parties
by any Loan Party (other than such Guarantor with respect to its primary obligations) under any Loan Document, any Secured Hedge Agreement
or any Treasury Services Agreement, in each case strictly in accordance with the terms thereof (such obligations being herein collectively
called the Guaranteed Obligations). The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that if the Borrowers or other
Guarantor(s) shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed
Obligations, the Guarantors will promptly pay the same in cash, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any
extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether
at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal.

Section 11.02Obligations
Unconditional. The obligations of the Guarantors under Section 11.01 shall constitute
a guaranty of payment and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, are absolute, irrevocable and unconditional, joint and several,
irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations of the Loan Parties under
this Agreement, the Notes, if any, any other Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or any
substitution, release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, irrespective of any
other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor (except
for payment in full in cash). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of
the following shall not alter or impair the liability of any Guarantor hereunder which shall remain absolute, irrevocable and unconditional
under any and all circumstances as described above:

(a)at
any time or from time to time, without notice to the Guarantors, to the extent permitted by Law, the time for any performance of or compliance
with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived;

186

(b)any
of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred
to herein or therein shall be done or omitted;

(c)the
maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be amended in any respect,
or any right under the Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be amended or waived in
any respect or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or except as permitted pursuant to Section 11.08,
any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with;

(d)any
Lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of, an L/C Issuer or any Lender or Agent as security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations
shall fail to be perfected; or

(e)the
release of any other Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.17.

The Guarantors hereby expressly
waive diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and, to the extent permitted by Law, all notices whatsoever, and any requirement
that any Secured Party exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against the Borrowers under this Agreement, the Notes, if any, any
other Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or against any other person under any other guarantee
of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations. The Guarantors waive, to the extent permitted by Law, any and all notice of the
creation, renewal, extension, waiver, termination or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance
by any Secured Party upon this Guarantee or acceptance of this Guarantee, and the Guaranteed Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively
be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred in reliance upon this Guarantee, and all dealings between the Borrowers and the
Secured Parties shall likewise be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guarantee. This Guarantee
shall be construed as a continuing, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee of payment without regard to any right of offset
with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations at any time or from time to time held by Secured Parties, and the obligations and liabilities
of the Guarantors hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Secured Parties or any other person at any
time of any right or remedy against the Borrowers or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any
part of the Guaranteed Obligations or against any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto.
This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms upon the Guarantors
and the successors and assigns thereof, and shall inure to the benefit of the Lenders, and their respective successors and assigns, notwithstanding
that from time to time during the term of this Agreement there may be no Guaranteed Obligations outstanding.

Section 11.03Reinstatement.
The obligations of the Guarantors under this Article XI shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any
reason any payment by or on behalf of the Borrowers or other Loan Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must
be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization
or otherwise.

187

Section 11.04Subrogation;
Subordination. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that until the payment and satisfaction in full
in cash of all Guaranteed Obligations and the expiration and termination of the Commitments of the Lenders under this Agreement it shall
waive any claim and shall not exercise any right or remedy, direct or indirect, arising by reason of any performance by it of its guarantee
in Section 11.01, whether by subrogation or otherwise, against any Borrower or any other Guarantor of any of the Guaranteed
Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Any Indebtedness of any Loan Party permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(d) shall
be subordinated to such Loan Partys Obligations in the manner set forth in the Global Intercompany Note evidencing such Indebtedness.

Section 11.05Remedies.
The Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Guarantors and the Lenders, the obligations of the Borrowers under this
Agreement and the Notes, if any, may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Section 8.02 (and shall be
deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Section 8.02) for purposes of Section 11.01,
notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically
due and payable) as against the Borrowers and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become
automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by the Borrowers) shall forthwith become due and payable
by the Guarantors for purposes of Section 11.01.

Section 11.06Instrument
for the Payment of Money. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this
Article XI constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that any Lender or Agent, at its sole
option, in the event of a dispute by such Guarantor in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to bring a motion-action
under New York CPLR Section 3213.

Section 11.07Continuing
Guarantee. The guarantee in this Article XI is a continuing guarantee of payment,
and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising.

Section 11.08General
Limitation on Guarantee Obligations. In any action or proceeding involving any state, provincial
or federal corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company law, or any applicable state, federal or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or other Law affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the obligations of any Guarantor under Section 11.01
would otherwise be held or determined to be void, voidable, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other
creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under Section 11.01, then, notwithstanding any other provision to the
contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Guarantor, any Loan Party or any other person, be automatically
limited and reduced to the highest amount (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 11.16)
that is valid and enforceable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding.

Section 11.09Specific
Limitation for Swiss Guarantors. (a) If and to the extent that (i) a Swiss Guarantor
becomes, under Section 11.01 or under any other provision of any Loan Document, any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Treasury
Services Agreement, liable for Guaranteed Obligations of its Affiliates (other than those of its direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiaries)
or otherwise obliged to grant economic benefits to its Affiliates (other than its direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiaries), including,
for the avoidance of doubt, any restrictions of such Swiss Guarantors rights of set-off and/or subrogation or its duties to subordinate
or waive claims and (ii) complying with such obligations would constitute a repayment of capital (Einlagerckgewhr),
a violation of the legally protected reserves (gesetzlich geschtzte Reserven) or the payment of a (constructive) dividend
(Gewinnausschttung) by such Swiss Guarantor or would otherwise be restricted under Swiss corporate law then applicable (the
Restricted Obligations), the aggregate liability of such Swiss Guarantor for Restricted Obligations shall be limited to
the amount available for distribution as dividends to the shareholders of such Swiss Guarantor at the time such Swiss Guarantor is required
to perform under any Loan Document, any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Treasury Services Agreement, provided that this is a requirement
under applicable Swiss law at that time and further provided that such limitation shall not discharge such Swiss Guarantor from
its obligations in excess thereof, but merely postpone the performance date therefore until such times as performance is again permitted
notwithstanding such limitation.

188

(b)In
respect of Restricted Obligations, each Swiss Guarantor shall:

(i)if
and to the extent required by applicable law in force at the relevant time use its best efforts to mitigate to the extent possible any
Swiss Withholding Tax obligations to be levied on the Restricted Obligations (and cause its parent and other relevant Affiliates to fully
cooperate in any mitigating efforts), in particular through the notification procedure, and promptly notify the Administrative Agent
thereof or, if such a notification procedure is not applicable:

(A)deduct
Swiss Withholding Tax at the rate of 35% (or such other rate as in force from time to time pursuant to, in particular, any applicable
double taxation treaty) from any payment made by it in respect of Restricted Obligations;

(B)pay
any such deduction to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration; and

(C)notify
(and the Lead Borrower shall ensure that such Swiss Guarantor will notify) the Administrative Agent that such a deduction has been made
and provide the Administrative Agent with evidence that such a deduction has been paid to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration; and

(ii)to
the extent such a deduction is made, not be obliged to either gross-up payments and/or indemnify the Secured Parties in accordance with
Section 3.01 in relation to any such payment made by it in respect of Restricted Obligations unless grossing-up and/or indemnifying
is permitted under the laws of Switzerland then in force (it being understood that this shall not in any way limit any obligations of
any other Loan Party under any Loan Document, any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Treasury Services Agreement to indemnify the Secured
Parties in respect of the deduction of the Swiss Withholding Tax). Each Swiss Guarantor shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to ensure that any Person which is, as a result of a deduction of Swiss Withholding Tax, entitled to a full or partial refund of the
Swiss Withholding Tax, will, as soon as possible after the deduction of the Swiss Withholding Tax, (i) request a refund of the Swiss
Withholding Tax under any applicable law (including double tax treaties) and (ii) promptly upon receipt, pay to the Administrative
Agent (or to any such other Secured Party as directed by the Administrative Agent) any amount so refunded for application as a further
payment of such Swiss Guarantor under and pursuant to the relevant Loan Document, Secured Hedge Agreement and/or Treasury Services Agreement.

189

(c)If
and to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent and if and to the extent this is from time to time required under Swiss law (restricting
profit distributions), in order to allow the Secured Parties to obtain a maximum benefit under this Article XI, each Swiss
Guarantor shall, and any parent company of such Swiss Guarantor being a party to this Agreement shall procure that such Swiss Guarantor
will, promptly implement all such measures and/or promptly procure the fulfillment of all prerequisites allowing it to promptly make
the (requested) payment(s) hereunder from time to time, including the following:

(i)preparation
of an up-to-date audited balance sheet of such Swiss Guarantor;

(ii)confirmation
of the auditors of such Swiss Guarantor that the relevant amount represents (the maximum of) freely distributable profits and;

(iii)conversion
of restricted reserves into profits and reserves freely available for the distribution as dividends (to the extent permitted by mandatory
Swiss law);

(iv)revaluation
of hidden reserves (to the extent permitted by mandatory Swiss law);

(v)approval
by a shareholders meeting of such Swiss Guarantor of the (resulting) profit distribution; and

(vi)all
such other measures necessary or useful to allow such Swiss Guarantor to make the payments agreed hereunder with a minimum of limitations.

Section 11.10[Reserved]

Section 11.11Specific
Limitation for Hong Kong Guarantors. The obligations under this Agreement (including but
not limited to, any representation or covenant) of any Guarantor which is incorporated under Hong Kong law shall not include any obligation
which if incurred or made would constitute the provision of unlawful financial assistance including within the meaning of Section 275
of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Kong until and unless any requirements of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Kong
have been complied with in relation to the provision of financial assistance constituted by this Agreement with respect to such Guarantor.

Section 11.12[Reserved].

Section 11.13Specific
Limitation for Luxembourg Guarantors. (a) For the purpose of this Section 11.13:

(i)Luxembourg
Guarantor means a Guarantor incorporated in Luxembourg;

(ii)a
reference to a Luxembourg Guarantors Borrowings will be construed as a reference to the total amount of all Credit
Extensions (including for this purpose any accrued and unpaid interest, costs and fees in respect of such Credit Extensions) made
by that Luxembourg Guarantor under this Agreement;

(iii)a
reference to Subsidiaries Borrowings in respect of a Luxembourg Guarantor will be construed as a reference
to all Credit Extensions (including Credit Extensions under any accrued and unpaid interest, costs and fees in respect
of those Credit Extensions) made by the direct or indirect Subsidiaries of that Luxembourg Guarantor, including any amounts financed
directly or indirectly by a Luxembourg Guarantors Borrowings and on-lent to such Subsidiaries; and

(iv)Luxembourg
Guarantee Demand Date means the first date upon which a Loan Party makes written demand upon the relevant Luxembourg
Guarantor to make payment in respect of any Guaranteed Obligations.

190

(b)Unlawful
Financial Assistance. Without limiting any specific exemptions set out below:

(i)no
Guaranteed Obligations will extend to include any obligation or liability; and

(ii)no
security granted by a Luxembourg Guarantor will secure any Guaranteed Obligations,

in each case, if to do so would be unlawful financial
assistance in respect of the acquisition of shares in itself under Article 49-6 or would constitute a misuse of corporate assets
(abus de biens sociaux) as defined at Article 171-1 of the Luxembourg Act on commercial companies of 10 August 1915,
as amended.

(c)Luxembourg
Guarantors. A Luxembourg Guarantors obligations is subject to the following guarantee limitation (or, in respect of any
future Luxembourg Guarantor, a guarantee limitation, which will be contained in any Guarantor Joinder (if applicable)) to this Agreement,
or in any other agreement or deed, under which that Luxembourg Guarantor becomes an additional Guarantor, substantially in the following
form:

(i)Notwithstanding
any other provision herein, the maximum amount payable by a Luxembourg Guarantor in respect of its Guaranteed Obligations shall
not, at any time, exceed the greater of:

(A)an
amount equal to 95% of that Luxembourg Guarantors net assets (capitaux propres), existing as at the date of this Agreement,
as shown in its most recently and duly approved financial statements (comptes annuels); and

(B)an
amount equal to 95% of that Luxembourg Guarantors net assets (capitaux propres), existing as at the Luxembourg Guarantee
Demand Date, as shown in its most recently and duly approved financial statements (comptes annuels).

For this purpose net assets
(capitaux propres) will be determined in accordance with annex to the grand-ducal regulation dated 18 December 2015
defining the form and content of the presentation of balance sheet and profit and loss account, and enforcing the Luxembourg Act of 19
December 2002 on the Register of Commerce and Companies, on accounting and on annual accounts of the companies.

(ii)The
limit in paragraph (i) above will not apply to any Guaranteed Obligations in respect of any Luxembourg Guarantors Borrowings
and to Subsidiaries Borrowings or any other liabilities of the Subsidiaries of the Luxembourg Guarantors under the Loan
Documents.

Section 11.14Specific
Limitation for Irish Guarantors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
or in any other Loan Document, the obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor incorporated in Ireland (an Irish Guarantor)
under Section 11.01 shall not apply to the extent that it would result in any such obligations or liabilities constituting
unlawful financial assistance within the meaning of section 82 of the Companies Act 2014 and obligations and liabilities arising from
any Guaranty provided by any additional Irish Guarantor pursuant to Section 6.11, shall be subject to the limitations set
out in the Guarantor Joinder (as such terms of such joinder agreement are reasonably agreed to by the Collateral Agent and the Administrative
Agent) applicable to such additional Irish Guarantor pursuant to Section 6.11.

Section 11.15Specific
Limitation for Swedish Guarantors. Notwithstanding anything set out to the contrary in this
Agreement or any other Loan Document, the obligations and liabilities of any Swedish Guarantor under this Agreement shall be limited,
if (and only if) required by an application of the provisions of the Swedish Companies Act, as amended, regulating prohibited loans and
guarantees and distribution of assets and also taking into account any other security granted and/or guarantee given by any Swedish Guarantor
subject to the corresponding limitation, and it is understood that the obligations of any Swedish Guarantor for such obligations and
liabilities under this Agreement shall apply only to the extent permitted by the abovementioned provisions as applied together with other
applicable provisions of the Swedish Companies Act, and any guarantee provided by any Swedish Guarantor hereunder shall be limited in
accordance herewith.

191

Section 11.16Specific
Limitation for Finnish Guarantors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
or any other Loan Document, the obligations and liabilities of each Guarantor incorporated under the laws of Finland shall be limited
if, and only to the extent, required by the mandatory provisions of the Finnish Companies Act (Fi: osakeyhtilaki 624/2006, as amended,
the Finnish Companies Act) regulating (i) unlawful financial assistance, as provided in Chapter 13, Section 10
of the Finnish Companies Act or (ii) distribution of assets, as provided in Chapter 13, Section 1 of the Finnish Companies
Act.

Section 11.17Release
of Guarantors. If, in compliance with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, (a) all
or substantially all of the Equity Interests or property of such Guarantor are sold or otherwise transferred to a person or persons,
none of which is a Loan Party or (b) such Guarantor becomes an Immaterial Subsidiary or an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a
transaction or designation permitted hereunder (any such Guarantor referred to in clauses (a) or (b), a Subject Guarantor),
such Subject Guarantor shall, upon the consummation of such sale or transfer or other transaction, be automatically released from its
obligations under this Agreement and its obligations to pledge and grant any Collateral owned by it pursuant to any Collateral Document
and, in the case of a sale of all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of the Subject Guarantor, the pledge of such Equity Interests
to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents shall be automatically released; provided that (i) the release
of any Subject Guarantor that becomes an Excluded Subsidiary of the type described in clause (a) of the definition thereof shall
only be permitted if at the time such Subject Guarantor becomes an Excluded Subsidiary of such type, (A) no Default or Event of
Default exists, (B) such Subject Guarantor ceases to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary pursuant to a transaction with an unaffiliated
third party for a legitimate business purpose and not for the primary purpose of releasing the Guarantee, the incurrence of Indebtedness
or for a liability management transaction, (C) after giving pro forma effect to such release and the consummation of the transaction
that causes such Person to be an Excluded Subsidiary of such type, the Lead Borrower is deemed to have made a new Investment in such
Person for purposes of Section 7.06 (as if such Person were then newly acquired) in an amount equal to the portion of the
fair market value of the net assets of such Person attributable to the Loan Parties equity interest therein as reasonably estimated
by the Lead Borrower and such transaction complies with the terms of the Loan Documents (and such Investment is permitted pursuant to
Section 7.06 (other than pursuant to clause (i) of the definition of Permitted Investments herein)) at such time and (D) a
Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower certifies to the Administrative Agent compliance with preceding clauses (A) through (C) and
(ii) no such release shall occur if such Subject Guarantor continues to be a guarantor in respect of the 2029 Notes, the Junior
Existing Credit Agreement or any other Junior Financing or any Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof (this proviso, the Chewy
Provision). So long as the Lead Borrower shall have provided the Agents such certifications or documents as any Agent
shall reasonably request, the Collateral Agent shall take such actions as are necessary to effect each release described in this Section 11.17
in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Collateral Documents.

When all Commitments hereunder
have terminated, and all Loans or other Obligations hereunder which are accrued and payable have been paid or satisfied, and no Letter
of Credit remains outstanding (except any Letter of Credit the Outstanding Amount of which the Obligations related thereto has been Cash
Collateralized or for which a backstop letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by a financial institution, reasonably satisfactory
to the applicable L/C Issuer has been put in place), this Agreement and the Guarantees made herein shall terminate with respect to all
Obligations, except with respect to Obligations that expressly survive such repayment pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

192

Section 11.18Right
of Contribution. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Subsidiary Guarantor
shall have paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be entitled to seek
and receive contribution from and against any other Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such
payment. Each Subsidiary Guarantors right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 11.08.
The provisions of this Section 11.18 shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Subsidiary Guarantor
to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, the Swing Line Lender and the Lenders, and each Subsidiary Guarantor shall remain liable
to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, the Swing Line Lender and the Lenders for the full amount guaranteed by such Subsidiary
Guarantor hereunder.

Section 11.19Keepwell.
Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally, and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds
or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of its obligations under this Guarantee in
respect of any Swap Obligation (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 11.19
for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 11.19,
or otherwise under this Guarantee, voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for
any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 11.19 shall remain in full force
and effect until the payment in full and discharge of the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 11.19
constitute, and this Section 11.19 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement
for the benefit of each other Guarantor for all purposes of section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Section 11.20Certain
Dutch Guarantors. The obligations under this Article XI of any Guarantor incorporated
in The Netherlands shall not include any obligation which if incurred would constitute the provision of unlawful financial assistance
within the meaning of Section 2:98(c) of the Dutch Civil Code.

Section 11.21[Reserved].

Section 11.22Acknowledgment
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges
that any liabilities of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured,
may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges
and agrees to be bound by:(a)the application of any Write-Down
and Conversion Powers by an applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any
party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b)the
effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other
instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any
other Loan Document; or

193

(iii)the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority.

As used in this Section 11.22,
the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below.

(a)Affected
Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

(b)Bail-In
Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any
liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

(c)Bail-In
Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of
the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such
EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United
Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable
in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their
affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

(d)Resolution
Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

(e)UK
Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to
time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook
(as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions
and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

(f)UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the
resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

(g)Write-Down
and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of
such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down
and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers
of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any
UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into
shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect
as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In
Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

Section 11.23Acknowledgment
Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through
a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Contracts or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support
and each such QFC a Supported QFC, the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power
of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes)
in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents
and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York or of the United States or any other
state of the United States):

194

(a)In
the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest
and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or
such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S.
Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property)
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of
a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that
might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted
to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported
QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b)As
used in this Section 11.23, the following terms have the following meanings:

BHC Act Affiliate
of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of
such party.

Covered Entity
means any of the following:

(i)a
covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii)a
covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

(iii)a
covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Default Right
has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1,
as applicable.

QFC has the meaning
assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).

195

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written
above.

TRINSEO LUXCO S. R.L.,

as Holdings 

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Manager 

TRINSEO HOLDING S. R.L.,

as Lead Borrower

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Manager

TRINSEO MATERIALS FINANCE, INC.,

as Co-Borrower

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page Super-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement]

GUARANTORS:

TRINSEO US HOLDING, INC.

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Chief Financial Officer

TRINSEO LLC

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

TRINSEO (HONG KONG) LIMITED 

By: /s/ Martin (Fung) Chan

Name: Martin (Fung) Chan

Title: Director 

TRINSEO HOLDINGS ASIA PTE. LTD.

By: /s/ Dongyu Cai

Name: Dongyu Cai

Title: Director

[Signature Page Super-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement]

TRINSEO FINANCE IRELAND UNLIMITED COMPANY

By: /s/ Seamus McCormack

Name: Seamus McCormack

Title: Director

TRINSEO SERVICES IRELAND LIMITED COMPANY

By: /s/ Seamus McCormack

Name: Seamus McCormack

Title: Director

TRINSEO IRELAND GLOBAL IHB LIMITED

By: /s/ Seamus McCormack

Name: Seamus McCormack

Title: Director

TRINSEO IRELAND HOLDINGS LIMITED

By: /s/ Seamus McCormack

Name: Seamus McCormack

Title: Director

[Signature Page Super-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement]

TRINSEO HOLDING B.V.

By: /s/ Han Hendriks

Name: Han Hendriks

Title: Director

TRINSEO NETHERLANDS B.V.

By: /s/ Marius Cornelis van den Eijkel

Name: Marius Cornelis van den Eijkel

Title: Director

HEATHLAND B.V.

By: /s/ Han Hendriks

Name: Han Hendriks

Title: Director

TRINSEO EUROPE GMBH

By: /s/ Arthas (Bing) Yang

Name: Arthas (Bing) Yang

Title: Managing Director

TRINSEO EXPORT GMBH

By: /s/ Arthas (Bing) Yang

Name: Arthas (Bing) Yang

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page Super-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement]

TRINSEO SVERIGE AB

By: /s/ Peter Nilsson

Name: Peter Nilsson

Title: Managing Director

TRINSEO SUOMI OY

By: /s/ Cristina Capacchietti

Name: Cristina Capacchietti

Title: Member

[Signature Page Super-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement]

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender

By: /s/ Philip Tancorra

Name: Philip Tancorra

Title: Director

By: /s/ Suzan Onal

Name: Suzan Onal

Title: Director

[Lender Signatures on file with Administrative
Agent]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm253651d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

2025
INCREMENTAL AMENDMENT (this Amendment), dated as of January 17, 2025, to the Credit Agreement
dated as of September 6, 2017 (as amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date
hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement, and the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the
Amended Credit Agreement), by and among TRINSEO LUXCO S. R.L., a private limited liability
company (socit responsabilit limite), organized and established under the laws of
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,
registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (RCS) under number B153577
(Holdings), TRINSEO HOLDING S. R.L., a private limited liability company
(socit responsabilit limite), organized and established under the laws of the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered
with the RCS under number B153582 (the Lead Borrower), TRINSEO MATERIALS FINANCE, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the Co-Borrower, and together with the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers and each,
a Borrower), the Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement party hereto constituting Required Lenders
(including, TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV S. R.L. (Finance SPV), in its capacity as a Lender and as
the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender (as hereinafter defined), collectively, the 2025 Incremental Amendment Consenting
Lender Group) and DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, L/C Issuer and
Swing Line Lender.

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.16
of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Lead Borrower has requested that Finance SPV (in such capacity, the 2025 Incremental
Term Loan Lender) (a) make Incremental Term Loans (the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A))
under and as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount equal to $115,000,000 (the 2025 Incremental
Term Loan (Tranche A) Commitment) and (b) make Incremental Term Loans (the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche
B) and, together with the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A), the 2025 Incremental Term Loans)
under and as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount equal to $379,494,400 (the 2025 Incremental
Term Loan (Tranche B) Commitment, and, together with the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) Commitment, the 2025
Incremental Term Loan Commitments);

WHEREAS, the aggregate net
cash proceeds of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) will be used by the Lead Borrower, together with cash on hand, to redeem
all outstanding Senior Notes issued under the Senior Notes Indenture, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon;

WHEREAS, the aggregate net
cash proceeds of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B) will be used by the Lead Borrower to acquire the 2029 Notes held by Finance
SPV immediately following the Exchange Offer;

WHEREAS, Angelo, Gordon &
Co., L.P. and Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. have acted as joint lead arrangers for the 2023 Term Loans (the Lead Arrangers);

WHEREAS, in connection with
the foregoing, the Loan Parties, the 2025 Incremental Amendment Consenting Lender Group and the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender desire
amend the Existing Credit Agreement in accordance with Section 10.01 to (i) memorialize the terms of the 2025 Incremental Term
Loan Commitment and permit the incurrence of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans, (ii) permit the entry into the Superpriority Credit
Agreement and the Loan Documents (under and as defined in the Super Priority Credit Agreement) and transactions contemplated thereby,
(iii) permit the UnSub Designation Transactions (as such term is defined in the 2025 Transaction Support Agreement), (iv) permit
the Foreign Guaranty Transactions (as such term is defined in the 2025 Transaction Support Agreement), (v) permit all actions necessary
or advisable to allow the Lead Borrower and Holdings to be redomiciled into Ireland entities, and (vi) permit any other transaction
consummated in connection therewith ((i) through (vi) collectively, the 2025 Transactions);

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereto hereby agree as follows:

SECTION 1.
Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms
in the Amended Credit Agreement. As used herein (i) the term 2029 Indenture means that certain Indenture, dated
as of March 24, 2021, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, among the Borrowers, as co-issuers, and
The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, and (ii) 2029 Notes means the notes issued under the 2029 Indenture.

SECTION 2.
2025 Incremental Term Loans.

(c) 2025 Incremental
Term Loans (Tranche A).

(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth herein, the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender agrees to make 2025 Incremental Term
Loans (Tranche A) to the Lead Borrower on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date in the aggregate
principal amount equal to its 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) Commitment. It is understood
and agreed that the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) being made pursuant to this Amendment
and the Amended Credit Agreement shall constitute Incremental Term Loans as
defined in, and pursuant to, Section 2.16(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement.

(ii) The 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche
A) shall be deemed to constitute a single new SOFR Borrowing under the Amended
Credit Agreement with an initial Interest Period of 3 months commencing on the Seventh Amendment
Effective Date (which Interest Period shall continue in effect until such Interest Period
expires and a new Type of Borrowing is selected in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.02
of the Amended Credit Agreement). The 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender and 2025 Incremental
Amendment Consenting Lender Group acknowledges that, together with the Committed Loan Notice,
this Amendment constitutes all notices or requirements required under the Existing Credit
Agreement in connection with the incurrence of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A)
on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and such each Lender waives any other notice or request
requirement under the Existing Credit Agreement.

(iii) The 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche
A) shall be designated and constitute a new single Class of Loans under the Existing
Credit Agreement as amended hereby, with terms and provisions identical to the 2023 Incremental
Term Loans (including as to Guarantors, Collateral (and ranking), mandatory prepayments and
payment priority), except as set forth herein and in the Amended Credit Agreement.

(iv) Promptly following the Seventh Amendment
Effective Date, the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender may request that its 2025 Incremental
Term Loans (Tranche A) be evidenced by a Term Note pursuant to Section 2.11 of the Amended
Credit Agreement.

2

(d) 2025 Incremental
Term Loans (Tranche B).

(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth herein, the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender agrees to make 2025 Incremental Term
Loans (Tranche B) to the Lead Borrower on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date in the aggregate
principal amount equal to its 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) Commitment. It is understood
and agreed that the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B) being made pursuant to this Amendment
and the Amended Credit Agreement shall constitute Incremental Term Loans as
defined in, and pursuant to, Section 2.16(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement.

(ii) The 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender
and 2025 Incremental Amendment Consenting Lender Group acknowledges that, together with the
Committed Loan Notice, this Amendment constitutes all notices or requirements required under
the Existing Credit Agreement in connection with the incurrence of the 2025 Incremental Term
Loans (Tranche B) on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and such Lender waives any other
notice or request requirement under the Existing Credit Agreement.

(iii) The 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche
B) shall be designated and constitute a new single Class of Loans under the Existing
Credit Agreement as amended hereby, with terms and provisions identical to the 2023 Incremental
Term Loans (including as to Guarantors, Collateral (and ranking), mandatory prepayments and
payment priority), except as set forth herein and in the Amended Credit Agreement.

(iv) Promptly following the Seventh Amendment
Effective Date, the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender may request that its 2025 Incremental
Term Loans (Tranche B) be evidenced by a Term Note pursuant to Section 2.11 of the Amended
Credit Agreement.

SECTION 3.
Amendments. Each of the parties hereto agrees that, effective as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date (as defined
below) and subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions set forth herein, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended
to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken
text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined
text) as set forth in the pages of the Amended Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto.

SECTION 4. Acknowledgements;
Direction to the Administrative Agent; Waiver.

(a) This Amendment shall
be deemed to constitute an Incremental Loan Request in accordance with Section 2.16 of the Existing Credit Agreement.

(b) Each Lender in the
2025 Incremental Amendment Consenting Lender Group hereby consents to the 2025 Transactions under Section 10.01 of the Existing
Credit Agreement and hereby ratifies and consents to any transaction taken prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date in connection
with the foregoing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Loan Documents (as modified hereby), to the extent
a court of competent jurisdiction determines by final order that any release by any Guarantor of its guarantee or any release of Collateral
was ineffective because it was not in compliance with the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement or Amended Credit Agreement, then the
parties agree that any such release shall be deemed modified and limited so as to be effective solely to the extent necessary to bring
such release into compliance with the Amended Credit Agreement.

3

(c) Each Lender in the
2025 Incremental Amendment Consenting Lender Group hereby acknowledges and agrees that the 2025 Transactions (including, but not limited
to the borrowing of loans and the guaranty of such loans under the Superpriority Credit Agreement) and the Loan Documents under and as
defined in the Superpriority Credit Agreement (and any action or intermediate step necessary to effectuate the Superpriority Credit Agreement
and such other transactions), whether consummated prior to, on or after the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, shall be and are permitted
under the provisions of the Amended Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document.

(d) Each Lender in the
2025 Incremental Amendment Consenting Lender Group hereby consents, requests and instructs the Administrative Agent (such instruction,
the Admin Agent Instruction) (i) to execute and deliver this Amendment, the 2025 Intercreditor Agreement and
any other Loan Document executed on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date (the Seventh Amendment Loan Documents),
(ii) to execute the lien releases in respect of the UnSub Designation Transactions and the IP Release Transactions under the Amended
Credit Agreement on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and (iii) to take (and/or decline to take) any and all actions as the Administrative
Agent, in its sole discretion, may determine to be necessary, advisable or desirable in carrying out, effectuating or otherwise in furtherance
of the transactions related to or in connection with this Amendment, the 2025 Intercreditor Agreement and any other Seventh Amendment
Loan Document (and any such action or inaction shall be deemed to have been taken at the request and/or the direction of the Required
Lenders whether or not such request is made by the Required Lenders).

(e) The 2025 Incremental
Amendment Consenting Lender Group, subject to Section 10.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement, permanently waives any Default or Event
of Default (if any) existing under the Existing Credit Agreement or Amended Credit Agreement on or prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective
Date or related to the 2025 Transactions.

(f) The 2025 Incremental
Amendment Consenting Lender Group hereby acknowledges, and pursuant to the Admin Agent Instruction the Administrative Agent acknowledges,
that the UnSub Designation Transactions have occurred and all security interests and guaranties provided by Aristech and Altuglas under
the Existing Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents are hereby released, terminated and of no further force and effect and all Liens
granted or created thereunder shall be deemed released and terminated.

(g) The 2025 Incremental
Amendment Consenting Lender Group hereby acknowledges, and pursuant to the Admin Agent Instructions the Administrative Agent acknowledges,
that upon the occurrence of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, the IP Release Transactions have occurred and the security interests
provided by Trinseo Europe related to the Aristech and Altuglas IP under the Existing Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents are hereby
released, terminated and of no further force and effect and all Liens granted or created thereunder shall be deemed released and terminated.

4

SECTION 5.
Representations and Warranties. To induce the other parties hereto to enter into this Amendment, Holdings and the Borrowers
each represents and warrants to the other parties hereto on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date that:

(a)(i) the
execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of this Amendment (which for purposes of this Section 5 shall include
the Acknowledgment and Confirmation delivered pursuant to Section 6(a)(ii) of this Amendment) is within such Loan Partys
corporate or other organizational power and has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action of each
such Loan Party and (ii) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and is a legal, valid and binding
obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (A) as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor
Relief Laws and by general principles of equity, (B) the need for filings, registrations and, with respect to Collateral owned by
Foreign Subsidiaries, any other perfection steps necessary to create or perfect or register the Liens on the Collateral granted by the
Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties and (C) the effect of foreign Laws, rules and regulations as they relate to pledges,
if any, of Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries and intercompany Indebtedness owed by Foreign Subsidiaries;

(b)the
execution and delivery of this Amendment by each Loan Party party hereto and the performance by such Loan Party hereof:

(i)does
not require any material approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental
Authority or any other Person in connection with (A) the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan
Party of this Amendment, (B) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (C) the
perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Collateral Documents (including the priority thereof) or (D) the exercise
by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant
to the Collateral Documents, except for (1) the approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings which
have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are or (within such applicable period will be) in full force and effect (except to
the extent not required to be obtained, taken, given or made or in full force and effect pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement)
and (2) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain
or make could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and

(ii)does
not (A) contravene the terms of any Loan Partys Organization Documents, (B) conflict with or result in any breach or
contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under (other than as permitted by Section 7.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement), or
require any payment to be made under (x) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or
the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (y) any material order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental
Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject, or (C) violate any material Law; except with respect
to any conflict, breach, contravention or payment (but not the creation of any Lien) referred to in clause (ii)(B)(x), to the extent
that such conflict, breach, contravention or payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c)the
representations and warranties contained in Article V of the Existing Credit Agreement shall be true and correct in all material
respects on and as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date; provided that to the extent that any representation and warranty specifically
refers to a given date or period, it shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date or for such period (other than
the representations and warranties contained in Sections 5.05 and 5.13 of the Existing Credit Agreement, which shall be true and correct
as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date); provided, further, that any representation and warranty that is qualified
as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect
to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates;

5

(d)on
the Seventh Amendment Effective Date (after giving effect to the transactions completed by this Amendment), the Lead Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries, on a consolidates basis, are Solvent: and

(e)at
the time of and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing or shall
result from this Amendment, the incurrence of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans or the application of the proceeds therefrom.

SECTION 6.
Termination of Existing Revolving Facility Commitments.
Pursuant to Section 2.06(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Lead Borrower has notified the Administrative Agent that
the unused 2021 Refinancing Credit Commitments shall be terminated in full and reduced to $0 on or prior the Seventh Amendment Effective
Date (the Existing Revolving Facility Termination), but in any event prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment.
The Administrative Agent hereby acknowledges that the Lead Borrower has provided sufficient notice of the Existing Revolving Facility
Termination, and the Administrative Agent has notified the Appropriate Lenders of the Existing Revolving Facility Termination, under
Section 2.06(a) and (c), respectively, of the Existing Credit Agreement. The Existing Revolving Facility Termination shall
also be applied to the Letter of Credit Sublimit and the Swing Line Sublimit. All commitment fees accrued until the Seventh Amendment
Effective Date shall be paid on such date. The Letters of Credit under the Existing Credit Agreement are deemed to be reissued under
the Superpriority Credit Agreement, pursuant to arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, as set forth
in the Superpriority Credit Agreement. The Lead Borrower further affirms and acknowledges that there are no obligations or liabilities
due and payable under any Treasury Services Agreement or Secured Hedge Agreement. Pursuant to Section 10.07(l) of the Existing
Credit Agreement, the Lead Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers have provided notice of their
resignations as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, and the Lead Borrower hereby (x) acknowledges and accepts
such resignations and (y) waives any requirement that any Revolving Credit Lenders acting in such capacities use reasonable efforts
to identify or appoint a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender.

SECTION 7. Joinder.
Pursuant to Section 6.14 of the Credit Agreement, each of Trinseo Suomi Oy (reg. no 2206256-0) (Trinseo
Finland) and Trinseo Sverige AB (Trinseo Sweden) hereby:

(a)agree
that upon the occurrence of the Third Amendment Effective Date, each of Trinseo Finland and Trinseo Sweden shall become party to and
a Guarantor and Loan Party under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as applicable, and agrees to be bound by all of the
terms, duties, obligations and undertakings thereof and thereunder;

(b) agrees
to irrevocably and unconditionally guaranty the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment,
declaration, demand, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest (including any interest, fees, Make-Whole Amount,
costs or charges that would accrue but for the provisions of (i) the Title 11 of the United States Code after any bankruptcy or
insolvency petition under Title 11 of the United States Code and (ii) any other Debtor Relief Laws) of all Obligations from time
to time owing to the Secured Parties by any Loan Party under any Loan Document strictly in accordance with the terms thereof, pursuant
to and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in Article XI of the Credit Agreement;

(c)represents
and warrants that the each of the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement and applicable to Trinseo Finland
and Trinseo Sweden is true and correct in all material respects both before and after giving effect to this Article VII,
except to the extent that any such representation and warranty relates solely to any earlier date, in which case such representation
and warranty is true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; and

6

(d)that
from time to time, upon reasonable request of Administrative Agent, Trinseo Finland and Trinseo Sweden shall take such additional actions
and to execute and deliver such additional documents and instruments as Administrative Agent may reasonably request to effect the transactions
contemplated by, and to carry out the intent of, this Section 7.

SECTION 8.
Collateral Release. Effective
upon the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, all security interests, liens, pledges, mortgages or other encumbrances granted to the Administrative
Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in the Specified IP Rights (as defined in the 2025 Intercreditor Agreement) shall be automatically
discharged, released and terminated. The Agent hereby agrees to, at the Borrowers sole cost and expense, promptly execute and
deliver all additional documents, instruments, termination statements, mortgage releases, notices agreements and other releases reasonably
required to evidence or record the release of the security interests or other liens contemplated hereby.

The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that
(a) the Lien release described in this Section 8 (i) is a partial Lien release only (but full Lien release as to the Specified
IP Rights, as defined in the 2025 Intercreditor Agreement) and except as expressly set forth herein, the security interests and liens
created and provided for by the Collateral Documents and existing as of the date hereof shall continue to secure the Obligations and
(ii) shall in no manner release, affect or impair the Liens and securities interests granted to the Administrative Agent or any
other Secured Party under the Loan Documents or otherwise, against any Collateral other than the Specified IP Rights (as defined in the
2025 Intercreditor Agreement) and (b) except as expressly set forth herein, each Collateral Document shall continue in full force
and effect in accordance with its terms.

SECTION 9.
Sequencing of Seventh Amendment Effective Date Transactions.
This Amendment shall not become effective before the effectiveness of the Existing Revolving Facility Termination. The amendments
to Section 2.16(d)(iii)(B) to the Existing Credit Agreement made pursuant to Section 3 of the Amendment
shall be effective immediately prior to the incurrence of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans. For
the avoidance of doubt, any calculation of Required Lenders for purposes of consenting to the amendments in Section 3
hereof or granting any directions, consents or waivers under this Amendment, shall be made after giving effect to the Existing Revolving
Facility Termination.

SECTION 10.
Seventh Amendment Effective Date. 
Subject to the last paragraph of this Section 10, this Amendment, including the incurrence of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans pursuant
to the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Commitments and the amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement contained in Section 3
hereof shall become effective as of the first date (the Seventh Amendment Effective
Date) on which each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied (or
waived by the 2025 Incremental Amendment Consenting Lender Group):

(a)the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received, each dated on or about the date hereof unless otherwise indicated:

(i) a counterpart signature page of
this Amendment duly executed by Holdings, the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the 2025
Incremental Term Loan Lender and the 2025 Incremental Amendment Consenting Lender Group;

(ii) the Acknowledgment and Confirmation,
substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto, executed and delivered
by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party under the Amended Credit Agreement (in each case,
including by way of facsimile or other electronic transmission);

(iii) the executed 2025 Intercreditor Agreement,
substantially in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto;

(iv) a French law share pledge of Trinseo
France S.A.S., in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, executed
by Trinseo Holding B.V. and the Collateral Agent together with all share certificates, stock
transfer forms, dividend mandates, letters of authority and all other deliverables required
to be delivered under the share pledge;

(v) [Reserved];

7

(vi) a Finnish law governed second ranking security agreement, by and between Trinseo Finland and Trinseo Holding
B.V. as pledgors and the Collateral Agent, in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent;

(vii) a Swedish law agreement by and between Trinseo Sweden and the Collateral Agent, in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Collateral Agent;

(viii) (i) either
(x) a copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation, articles of association
(statuts) or equivalent organizational document, including all amendments thereto
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, including such organizational documents executed in connection
with the 2025 Transactions), of each Loan Party, certified as of a recent date by the Secretary
of State of the state of its organization (where relevant) or by the Luxembourg Companies
Register with respect to the Luxembourg Loan Parties or (y) confirmation from such Loan
Party that there has been no change to such organizational documents since last delivered
to the Administrative Agent, (ii) a certificate of the secretary, an authorized representative,
assistant secretary, or managing director (as applicable) of each Loan Party, dated the Seventh
Amendment Effective Date and certifying (A) that (x) attached thereto is a true
and complete copy of the certificate of incorporation (and, where applicable, certificate
of change of name), by-laws, articles of association, constitution or operating, management,
partnership or similar agreement of such Loan Party as in effect on the Seventh Amendment
Effective Date and at all times since a date prior to the date of the resolutions described
in clause (B) below or (y) there has been no change to such governing documents
since last delivered to the Administrative Agent, (B) that attached thereto is a true
and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors or managers, general
meeting of the shareholders or other equivalent governing body of such Loan Party authorizing
the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment, as applicable, the Acknowledgment
and Confirmation delivered pursuant to clause (B) above and any necessary security or
pledge documents to which it is a party and that such resolutions have not been modified,
rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect (as applicable), (C) that any
attached certificate or articles of incorporation, equivalent organizational document, by-laws,
operating, management, partnership or similar agreement (including, for the avoidance of
doubt, such similar documents and agreements executed in connection with the 2025 Transactions)
of such Loan Party has not been amended (in the case of the articles of incorporation of
each such Loan Party, since the date of the last amendment thereto shown on the certificate
of good standing furnished pursuant to clause (E) below), (D) as to the incumbency
(where applicable) and specimen signature of each officer or authorized signatory executing
this Amendment or any other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of such Loan
Party, (E) good standing certificates, business registration certificates or registrars
(or, in each case, its equivalent) for each Loan Party from the jurisdiction in which it
is organized (as applicable in the relevant jurisdiction except for the Luxembourg Loan Parties
and Irish Guarantors), each dated a recent date prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective
Date; and (F) for Luxembourg Loan Parties (x) that each such Luxembourg Loan Party
is not subject to nor, as applicable, does it meet or threaten to meet the criteria of bankruptcy
(faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation volontaire
ou judiciaire), administrative dissolution without liquidation (dissolution
administrative sans liquidation), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement),
conciliation (conciliation), reorganisation procedure in the form of a mutual agreement
(rorganisation par accord amiable), judicial reorganisation proceedings in
the form of a mutual agreement (rorganisation judiciaire par accord amiable),
a collective agreement (rorganisation judiciaire par accord collectif) or
a transfer by court order (rorganisation judiciaire par transfert par dcision
de justice), general settlement with creditors, reorganization or similar laws affecting
the rights of creditors generally and no application has been made or is to be made by its
manager or, as far as it is aware, by any other person for the appointment of a commissaire,
juge-commissaire, liquidateur, curateur or similar officer pursuant to any voluntary
or judicial insolvency, winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings, (y) a certificate
of non-inscription of judicial decisions or of administrative dissolution without liquidation
(certificat de non-inscription dune dcision judiciaire ou de dissolution
administrative sans liquidation) issued by the Luxembourg Insolvency Register (Registre
de linsolvabilit) held and maintained with the Luxembourg Companies Register
in relation to the Luxembourg Loan Parties dated as no earlier than one Business Day prior
to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and reflecting the situation no more than two Business
Days prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and (z) an excerpt (extrait)
from the Luxembourg Companies Register pertaining to the Luxembourg Loan Parties dated no
earlier than one Business Day prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date;

8

(ix) the Irish law deed of confirmation dated on
or about the Seventh Amendment Effective Date among the Lead Borrower, Trinseo Ireland Holdings Limited, Trinseo
Finance Ireland Unlimited Company, Trinseo Ireland Global IHB Limited, Trinseo Services Ireland Limited and the Collateral
Agent;

(x) (A) the Hong Kong law-governed
fourth deed of confirmatory security dated on or about the date of this Amendment (in respect
of the debenture dated 6 September 2017, as supplemented by the deed of confirmatory
security relating thereto dated 22 May 2018, as further supplemented by the second deed
of confirmatory security relating thereto dated 3 May 2021 and as further supplemented
by the third deed of confirmatory security relating thereto related to 8 September 2023)
between Trinseo (Hong Kong) Limited and the Collateral Agent (the HK Debenture
Fourth Deed of Confirmatory Security), (B) the Hong Kong law governed fourth
deed of confirmatory security dated on or about the date of this Amendment (in respect of
the share charge dated 6 September 2017, as supplemented by the deed of confirmatory
security relating thereto dated 22 May 2018, as further supplemented by the second deed
of confirmatory security relating thereto dated 3 May 2021 and as further supplemented
by the third deed of confirmatory security relating thereto dated 8 September 2023)
between Trinseo Holdings Asia Pte. Ltd. and the Collateral Agent (the HK Share
Charge Fourth Deed of Confirmatory Security), (C) the Singapore law governed
fourth composite deed of confirmatory security dated on or about the date of this Amendment
(in respect of (1) the Singapore law security deed dated 6 September 2017, as supplemented
by the deed of confirmatory security relating thereto dated 22 May 2018, as further
supplemented by the second deed of confirmatory security relating thereto dated 3 May 2021
and as further supplemented by the third deed of confirmatory security relating thereto dated
8 September 2023, (2) the Singapore law share charge dated 6 September 2017,
as supplemented by the deed of confirmatory security relating thereto dated 22 May 2018,
as further supplemented by the second deed of confirmatory security relating thereto dated
3 May 2021 and as further supplemented by the third deed of confirmatory security relating
thereto dated 8 September 2023, and (3) the Singapore law share charge dated 6
September 2017, as supplemented by the deed of confirmatory security relating thereto
dated 22 May 2018, as further supplemented by the second deed of confirmatory security
relating thereto dated 3 May 2021 and as further supplemented by the third deed of confirmatory
security relating thereto dated 8 September 2023) between Trinseo Holdings Asia Pte.
Ltd., Trinseo Holding B.V. and the Collateral Agent (the Singapore Fourth Composite
Deed of Confirmatory Security, and together with the HK Debenture Fourth Deed
of Confirmatory Security and the HK Share Charge Fourth Deed of Confirmatory Security, collectively,
the Security Confirmations); (D) a letter of authorization and
confirmation from Trinseo Holdings Asia Pte. Ltd. addressed to White & Case Pte.
Ltd. in connection with the registration of the (1) Singapore Fourth Composite Deed
of Confirmatory Security and (2) HK Share Charge Fourth Deed of Confirmatory Security
with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore; and (E) evidence
that any process agent referred to in the HK Share Charge Fourth Deed of Confirmatory Security
and the Singapore Fourth Composite Deed of Confirmatory Security has accepted its appointment
as agent for service of process;

9

(xi) [Reserved];

(xii) a Committed Loan Notice with respect
to the 2025 Incremental Term Loans

(xiii) the Administrative Agent shall have received
a customary opinion from (i) Ropes & Gray LLP, as New York counsel for the Loan Parties, (ii) Loyens & Loeff N.V., as Luxembourg
and Swiss counsel for the Loan Parties, (iii) NautaDutilh Avocats Luxembourg S. r.l. (socit responsabilit
limite), as Luxembourg counsel for the Administrative Agent, (iv) William Fry LLP, as Irish counsel for the Administrative
Agent, (v) Reed Smith LLP, as Singapore and Hong Kong counsel for the Loan Parties, and (vi) Asianajotoimisto White & Case Oy as
Finnish counsel for the Administrative Agent,2 in each case, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and addressed
to the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender and dated the Seventh Amendment Effective Date;

(xiv) the Administrative Agent shall have
received an Officers Certificate of the Lead Borrower certifying as to the incurrence
of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) pursuant to Section 2.16(d)(iii)(B) of
the Existing Credit Agreement; and

(xv) the written consent of Alter Domus
(US) LLC consenting to this Amendment and the 2025 Transactions in accordance with Section 9(b) of
the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment;

10

(b)all
fees and expenses required to be paid by (or on behalf of) the Existing Borrowers to the Administrative Agent (including the reasonable
and documented fees and expenses of (x) White & Case LLP as counsel for the Administrative Agent and (y) Paul Hastings
LLP as counsel for the Lead Arrangers) and the 2025 Transaction Amendment Consenting Lender Group with respect to the transactions and
amendments contemplated by this Amendment on or before the Seventh Amendment Effective Date pursuant to any written agreement with the
Existing Borrowers shall have been (or shall substantially contemporaneously be) paid in full in cash;

(c)the
representations and warranties contained in Section 5 of this Amendment shall be true and correct on and as of the Seventh
Amendment Effective Date and the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate dated as of the Seventh Amendment
Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower certifying to the same;

(d)after
giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

(e)the
Administrative Agent shall have received from the Lead Borrower a solvency certificate from the chief financial officer of the Lead Borrower
or, if no chief financial officer has been appointed, from the Permanent Representative, in the form of Exhibit I to the Amended
Credit Agreement; and

(f)the
Administrative Agent shall have received, at least two Business Days prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, all documentation
and other information required about the Borrowers and the Guarantors under applicable know your customer and anti-money
laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act and a Beneficial Ownership Certification for
any Borrower or Guarantor that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, that has
been requested in writing at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date.

For purposes of determining
whether the conditions specified in this Section 10 have been satisfied on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, by the funding
of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans, the Administrative Agent, the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender and each Lender in the 2025 Incremental
Amendment Consenting Lender Group shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted, or to be satisfied with, each document
or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the 2025
Incremental Term Loan Lender and each Lender in the 2025 Incremental Amendment Consenting Lender Group, as the case may be.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Section 10, the Lead Borrower shall cause each of the actions described on Schedule 1 hereto to be
completed as soon as commercially reasonable and by no later than the date set forth in Schedule 1 with respect to such action or such
later date as the 2025 Incremental Amendment Consenting Lender Group may reasonably agree.

SECTION 11.
Affirmative Covenants.

(a) From
and after the Closing Date, the Lead Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to complete each of the actions
described on Schedule 1 to this Amendment as soon as commercially reasonable and by no later than the date set forth in Schedule
1 with respect to such action or such later date as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree. 

SECTION 12. Effect
of Amendment.

(a)Except
as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise
affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document,
and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained
in the Existing Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Existing Credit Agreement or of any other Loan Document, all of which
are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle either
Borrower or any other Loan Party to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions,
obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances.

11

(b)From
and after the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder,
hereof, herein, or words of like import, and each reference to the Credit Agreement in any
other Loan Document shall be deemed to include a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement as amended hereby and (ii) each reference
in any Loan Document to the Term Lenders, Term Loans, Loans, Term Loan Commitments
or Commitment shall be deemed to include the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender, the 2025 Incremental Term Loans and the
2025 Incremental Term Loan Commitments, as applicable.

(c)From
and after the date hereof, this Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement
and the other Loan Documents and shall be deemed to be an Incremental Amendment as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement.
This Agreement shall not constitute a novation of the Amended Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.

SECTION 13.
Amendments; Severability. (a) As of the date hereof, this Amendment may not be amended nor may any provision hereof
be waived except pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement.

(b)If
any provision of this Amendment is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining
provisions of this Amendment shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of a provision
in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render illegal or unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. In the
event of any such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability, the parties shall negotiate in good faith with a view to agreeing on a
legal, valid and enforceable replacement provision which, to the extent practicable, is in accordance with the intent and purposes of
this Amendment and in its economic effect comes as close as possible to the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision.

SECTION 14.
Ratification and Reaffirmation. Each Loan Party hereto hereby (a) consents to the execution, delivery and performance
of this Amendment and the performance of the Existing Credit Agreement (as amended hereby) and (b) ratifies and reaffirms: (x) its
Obligations in respect of the Existing Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party (including, without
limitation, the Guaranty), as such Obligations have been amended by this Amendment, and all of the covenants, duties, indebtedness and
liabilities under the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and (y) the Liens and security
interests created in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to each Collateral Document; which Liens shall continue
to secure the Obligations (including in respect of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans and the Guaranty), in each case, on and subject to
the terms and conditions set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Governing
Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. THIS AMENDMENT, THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES, DISPUTES
OR CAUSES OF ACTIONS (WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT OR TORT, IN LAW OR EQUITY OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS AMENDMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. The provisions of Sections 10.15 and 10.16 of the Amended Credit Agreement as amended by
this Amendment are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis.

12

SECTION 15.
Headings. Section headings herein are included for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and
are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment.

SECTION 16.
Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of
which, when taken together, shall constitute one agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment
by facsimile transmission or by .pdf or similar electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart hereof. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words
of like import in this Amendment shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the
same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures
in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based
on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

SECTION 17.
The Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent is party hereto solely for the purposes of (a) Section 2.16(f) of
the Existing Credit Agreement, (b) the Existing Revolving Facility Termination and (c) otherwise pursuant to the Existing Credit
Agreement and Admin Agent Instruction. For the avoidance of doubt, the expense, indemnification and exculpation provisions of Article IX
of the Existing Credit Agreement shall apply to this Amendment.

[Remainder of page intentionally left
blank]

13

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above.

TRINSEO MATERIALS FINANCE, INC.

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

TRINSEO HOLDING S. R.L.

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Manager

TRINSEO LUXCO S. R.L.

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Manager

TRINSEO SVERIGE AB

By: /s/ Peter Nilsson

Name: Peter Nilsson

Title: Managing Director

TRINSEO SUOMI OY

By: /s/ Cristina Capacchietti

Name: Cristina Capacchietti

Title: Member

[Signature Page to Amendment to Credit Agreement]

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH,

as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender 

By: /s/ Philip Tancorra

Name: Philip Tancorra

Title: Director

By: /s/ Suzan Onal

Name: Suzan Onal

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Amendment to Credit Agreement]

TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV S. R.L.,

as a Lender and as the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender 

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Manager

[Lender Signatures on file
with Administrative Agent]

[Signature Page to Amendment to Credit Agreement]

EXHIBIT A: Amended Credit Agreement

(See attached.)

EXHIBIT A to the 2025 Incremental
Amendment

Composite copy reflecting amendments made
pursuant to the 2018 Refinancing Amendment, dated as of May 22, 2018, the 2021 Incremental Amendment, dated as of May 3, 2021, the 2021
Refinancing Revolver Amendment, dated as of May 3, 2021, the 2023 SOFR Amendment, dated as of June 30, 2023, the 2023 Incremental and
Refinancing Amendment, dated as of September 8, 2023 and,
the 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment, dated as of December [__]12,
2024.and the 2025 Incremental Amendment, dated as of January
17, 2025

CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of September 6, 2017,

as amended as of May 22, 2018,

as further amended as of May 3, 2021,

as further amended as of May 3, 2021,

as further amended as of June 30, 2023,

as further amended as of September 8, 2023, and

as further amended as of December [__]12,
2024., and

as
further amended as of January 17, 2025.

among

TRINSEO LUXCO S. R.L.,

as Holdings,

TRINSEO IRELAND HOLDINGS LIMITED,

as Intermediate Holdings,

TRINSEO HOLDING S. R.L.,

as the Lead Borrower,

TRINSEO MATERIALS FINANCE, INC.,

as the Co-Borrower,

THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO FROM TIME TO TIME,

THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO FROM TIME TO TIME

and

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH,

as Administrative Agent,
and Collateral Agent,
L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender

BARCLAYS BANK PLC,

DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.,

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.,

HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC.,

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,

BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP.,

MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.

and,

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION,

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners

and

ANGELO, GORDON & CO., L.P. and OAKTREE
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.,

as Joint Lead Arrangers for the 2023 Term Loans

Table of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 3

Section 1.01 Defined Terms 3

Section 1.02 Luxembourg Terms 7077

Section 1.03 [Reserved]Swedish Terms 7178

Section 1.04 Other Interpretive Provisions 7179

Section 1.05 Accounting Terms 7179

Section 1.06 Rounding 7179

Section 1.07 References to Agreements, Laws, Etc 7179

Section 1.08 Times of Day 7280

Section 1.09 Timing of Payment of Performance 7280

Section 1.10 Pro Forma Calculations 7280

Section 1.11 Currency Equivalents 7482

Section 1.12 Exchange Rate 7583

Section 1.13 Additional Alternative Currencies 7583

Section 1.14 Cashless Settlement 7583

Section 1.15 Rates. 7684

Section 1.16 Finnish Provisions 84

Section 1.17 2025 Transactions 85

Article II The Commitments and Credit Extensions 7685

Section 2.01 The Loans 7685

Section 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 7787

Section 2.03 Letters of Credit 7988

Section 2.04 Swing Line Loans 8797

Section 2.05 Prepayments 90100

Section 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 95105

Section 2.07 Repayment of Loans 96106

Section 2.08 Interest 97107

Section 2.09 Fees 98109

Section 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 100113

Section 2.11 Evidence of Indebtedness 100113

Section 2.12 Payments Generally 101114

Section 2.13 Sharing of Payments 103116

Section 2.14 Reverse Dutch Auction Repurchases 104117

Section 2.15 Open Market Purchases 105118

Section 2.16 Incremental Credit Extensions 106119

Section 2.17 Refinancing Amendments 113127

Section 2.18 Extensions of Term Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments 119132

Section 2.19 Defaulting Lenders 123136

Section 2.20 Borrower Obligations Joint and Several 125138

Article III Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality 125139

Section 3.01 Taxes 125139

Section 3.02 Illegality 129142

Section 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 130143

Section 3.04 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy; Reserves on Benchmark Rate Loans 131144

Section 3.05 Funding Losses 132146

Section 3.06 Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation 133146

Section 3.07 Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances 134147

Section 3.08 Survival 135148

(i)

Article IV Conditions Precedent to Credit Extensions 135148

Section 4.01 First Credit Event 135148

Section 4.02 All Credit Events 138151

Article V Representations and Warranties 138151

Section 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws 138151

Section 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention 138152

Section 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 139152

Section 5.04 Binding Effect 139152

Section 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 139152

Section 5.06 Litigation 140153

Section 5.07 Ownership of Property; Liens 140153

Section 5.08 Environmental Matters 140154

Section 5.09 Taxes 141154

Section 5.10 ERISA Compliance 141154

Section 5.11 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests 142155

Section 5.12 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 142155

Section 5.13 Disclosure 142155

Section 5.14 Labor Matters 142156

Section 5.15 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. 142156

Section 5.16 Solvency 143156

Section 5.17 Subordination of Junior Financing 143156

Section 5.18 Collateral Documents; Valid Liens 143156

Section 5.19 Centre of Main Interest 143157

Section 5.20 Pensions Act 143157

Section 5.21 Commercial Benefit 144157

Section 5.22 USA Patriot Act, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions 144157

Section 5.23 Luxembourg Specific Representations 144158

Article VI Affirmative Covenants 144158

Section 6.01 Financial Statements 145158

Section 6.02 Certificates; Other Information 146160

Section 6.03 Notices 147160

Section 6.04 Payment of Taxes 147161

Section 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 147161

Section 6.06 Maintenance of Properties 148161

Section 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance 148161

Section 6.08 Compliance with Laws 149162

Section 6.09 Books and Records 149162

Section 6.10 Inspection Rights 149162

Section 6.11 Additional Collateral; Additional Guarantors 149163

Section 6.12 Compliance with Environmental Laws 155169

Section 6.13 [Reserved] 156169

Section 6.14 Further Assurances 156169

Section 6.15 Designation of Subsidiaries 156169

Section 6.16 Corporate Rating 156170

Section 6.17 Use of Proceeds 156170

Section 6.18 Post-Closing Actions 157170

Section 6.19 Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws 157171

(ii)

Article VII Negative Covenants 157171

Section 7.01 Liens 157171

Section 7.02 [Reserved] 161175

Section 7.03 Indebtedness 161175

Section 7.04 Fundamental Changes 165179

Section 7.05 Dispositions 167181

Section 7.06 Restricted Payments 169183

Section 7.07 Change in Nature of Business 172186

Section 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates 172186

Section 7.09 Burdensome Agreements 173188

Section 7.10 [Reserved] 175189

Section 7.11 Financial Covenant 175[Reserved] 189

Section 7.12 Accounting Changes 175189

Section 7.13 Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness 175190

Section 7.14 Permitted Activities 176191

Article VIII Events of Default and Remedies 177191

Section 8.01 Events of Default 177191

Section 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 179194

Section 8.03 Application of Funds 180194

Section 8.04 Lead Borrowers Right to Cure 181[Reserved] 196

Article IX Administrative Agent and Other Agents 182197

Section 9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Agents 182197

Section 9.02 Delegation of Duties 185200

Section 9.03 Liability of Agents 185200

Section 9.04 Reliance by Agents 186200

Section 9.05 Notice of Default 186201

Section 9.06 Credit Decision; Disclosure of Information by Agents 186201

Section 9.07 Indemnification of Agents 187201

Section 9.08 Agents in their Individual Capacities 187202

Section 9.09 Successor Agents 187202

Section 9.10 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 189203

Section 9.11 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 189204

Section 9.12 Other Agents; Arrangers and Managers 190205

Section 9.13 Appointment of Supplemental Agents 190205

Section 9.14 [Reserved] 191206

Section 9.15 Parallel Debt owed to Collateral Agent 191206

Article X Miscellaneous 192207

Section 10.01 Amendments, Etc. 192207

Section 10.02 Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies 196210

Section 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 197211

Section 10.04 Attorney Costs and Expenses 197212

(iii)

Section 10.05 Indemnification 197212

Section 10.06 Payments Set Aside 199213

Section 10.07 Successors and Assigns 199213

Section 10.08 Confidentiality 204219

Section 10.09 Setoff 205219

Section 10.10 Interest Rate Limitation 205220

Section 10.11 Counterparts 205220

Section 10.12 Integration 205220

Section 10.13 Survival of Representations and Warranties 206220

Section 10.14 Severability 206220

Section 10.15 GOVERNING LAW 206221

Section 10.16 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY 207222

Section 10.17 Binding Effect 207222

Section 10.18 USA Patriot Act 208222

Section 10.19 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 208222

Section 10.20 Judgment Currency 209223

Section 10.21 Certain Undertakings with Respect to any Securitization Subsidiary 209224

Section 10.22 INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENTS 210224

Section 10.23 Certain ERISA Matters 210225

Article XI Guarantee 212227

Section 11.01 The Guarantee 212227

Section 11.02 Obligations Unconditional 212227

Section 11.03 Reinstatement 213228

Section 11.04 Subrogation; Subordination 214228

Section 11.05 Remedies 214228

Section 11.06 Instrument for the Payment of Money 214229

Section 11.07 Continuing Guarantee 214229

Section 11.08 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations 214229

Section 11.09 Specific Limitation for Swiss Guarantors 214229

Section 11.10 Specific Limitation for German Guarantors 216

Section 11.11 Specific Limitation for Hong Kong Guarantors 217

Section 11.1211.10 [Reserved] 217231

Section 11.11 [Reserved] 232

Section 11.1311.12 Specific Limitation for Luxembourg Guarantors 217232

Section 11.1411.13 Specific Limitation for Irish Guarantors 219233

Section 11.1511.14 Release of Guarantors 219233

Section 11.1611.15 Right of Contribution 219234

Section 11.1711.16 Keepwell 220234

Section 11.1811.17 Certain Dutch Guarantors 220234

Section 11.18 Specific Limitations for Swedish Guarantors. 235

Section 11.19 [Reserved] 220

Section 11.2011.19 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 220235

Section 11.20 Specific Limitations for Finnish Guarantors 236

(iv)

SCHEDULES 

Schedule 1.01A -- Commitments

Schedule 1.01B -- Existing Letters of Credit

Schedule 1.01D -- Unrestricted Subsidiaries

Schedule 1.01E -- Existing Investments

Schedule 1.01F(a) -- Existing Secured Hedge Agreements

Schedule 1.01F(b) -- Existing Treasury Services Agreement

Schedule 2.14 -- Reverse Dutch Auction Procedures

Schedule 4.01(b) -- Other Collateral Documents

Schedule 5.07 -- Ownership of Property

Schedule 5.08(a) -- Environmental Matters

Schedule 5.11 -- Subsidiaries; Equity Interests

Schedule 6.18 -- Post-Closing Actions

Schedule 7.01(b) -- Existing Liens

Schedule 7.03(b) -- Existing Indebtedness

Schedule 7.08 -- Transactions with Affiliates

Schedule 7.09 -- Certain Contractual Obligations

Schedule 10.02 -- Notices and Other Communications

EXHIBITS 

Form of 

Exhibit A -- Committed Loan Notice

Exhibit B -- Swing Line Loan Notice

Exhibit C-1 -- Term Note

Exhibit C-2 -- Revolving Credit Note

Exhibit C-3 -- Swing Line Note

Exhibit D -- Compliance Certificate

Exhibit E -- Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit F -- Pledge and Security Agreement

Exhibit G -- Global Intercompany Note

Exhibit H -- Guarantor Joinder

Exhibit I -- Solvency Certificate

Exhibit J -- Request for L/C Issuance

Exhibit K -- First Lien Intercreditor Agreement

Exhibit L -- Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement

Exhibit M -- Cashless Settlement Letter

(v)

CREDIT AGREEMENT

This CREDIT AGREEMENT is
entered into as of September 6, 2017, as amended pursuant to the 2018 Refinancing Amendment referred to below, as further amended
pursuant to the 2021 Incremental Amendment referred to below, as further amended pursuant to the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Amendment
referred to below, as further amended pursuant to the 2023 SOFR Amendment referred to below as further amended pursuant to the 2023 Incremental
and Refinancing Amendment referred to below and,
as further amended pursuant to the 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment referred to below
and as further amended pursuant to the 2025 Incremental Amendment referred to below (as further amended, supplemented and/or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, this Agreement), among TRINSEO HOLDING S.
R.L., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite), organized and
established under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (RCS) under number
B 153582 (Trinseo SARL), TRINSEO IRELAND HOLDINGS LIMITED, an Irish private company
limited by shares (Intermediate Holdings), TRINSEO MATERIALS OPERATING S.C.A.,
a partnership limited by shares (societe en commandite par actions) organized and established under the laws of the Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, registered with the RCS under number B 153586
(the Trinseo Materials), acting by its general partner, Intermediate Holdings,
TRINSEO MATERIALS FINANCE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Co-Borrower,
together with the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers
and each, a Borrower) the Guarantors
party hereto from time to time, the Lenders party hereto from time to time (collectively, the Lenders
and individually, a Lender)
and DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, L/C
Issuer and Swing Line Lender and, upon the occurrence of the 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment Effective Date or
the Lead Borrower), TRINSEO LUXCO S. R.L., a private limited liability company (socit
responsabilit limite), organized and established under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having
its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the RCS under number B153577
(Successor Holdings).,
TRINSEO MATERIALS FINANCE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Co-Borrower, together with the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers
and each, a Borrower), the
Guarantors party hereto from time to time, the Lenders party hereto from time to time (collectively, the Lenders and individually,
a Lender) and DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent and
Collateral Agent.

PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS

The Borrowers requested that
the Lenders under this Agreement as of the Closing Date (such agreement as in effect immediately prior to the 2018 Refinancing Amendment
Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement) extend credit to the Borrowers in the form of (i) Term B Loans
(as this and other capitalized terms used in these preliminary statements are defined in Section 1.01 below) on the Closing
Date in an aggregate principal amount of $700,000,000 and (ii) Revolving Credit Commitments in an aggregate principal amount of
$375,000,000. The Revolving Credit Commitments permit the making of Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans and the issuance of Letters
of Credit from time to time.

(1) 

The proceeds of the Term
B Loans, together with the proceeds of the Senior2025
Notes, were used by the Borrowers on the Closing Date to (i) repay in full all indebtedness outstanding under the Credit
Agreement (other than any cashless settlement pursuant to Section 1.14, which shall be effected in accordance with the terms
thereof), dated as of May 5, 2015, among the Lead Borrower, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent (the Existing
Agent), and each lender from time to time party thereto (as amended, supplemented and/or modified from time to time in accordance
with the terms thereof prior to the date hereof, and including all annexes and schedules thereto, the 2015 Credit Agreement)
and terminate and release all commitments, security interests and guarantees in connection therewith, it being understood that any Secured
Hedge Agreements, Treasury Services Agreements, letters of credit, bank guarantees and similar accommodations outstanding under the 2015
Credit Agreement remained outstanding to the extent continued under this Existing Credit Agreement as Existing Secured Hedge Agreements,
Existing Treasury Services Agreements, or Existing Letters of Credit (as the case may be) or, in the case of such letters of credit,
bank guarantees and similar accommodations that were not continued under this agreement as Existing Letters of Credit, otherwise cash
collateralized or backstopped by one or more Letters of Credit issued on the Closing Date, (ii) either (x) redeem or repay
in full all of the outstanding 6.750% Dollar Notes due 2022 and 6.375% Euro Notes due 2022, in each case, issued under that certain indenture,
dated as of May 5, 2015 (the Existing Senior Notes Indenture), among the Lead Borrower, the Co-Borrower and
The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, as trustee, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance
with the terms thereof prior to the date hereof (the Existing Senior Notes) or (y) provide notice for the redemption
or repayment of all of the Existing Senior Notes and deposit proceeds sufficient to redeem or repay in full the Existing Senior Notes
(including any accrued and unpaid interest thereon and premium related thereto) with such trustee to satisfy and discharge the Existing
Senior Notes Indenture, and, in each case terminate and release all commitments, security interests and guarantees in respect thereof
(the actions under clauses (i) and (ii) above, the Refinancing) and (iii) pay the Transaction
Expenses in connection with the foregoing.

The Revolving Credit Lenders
are willing to lend and the L/C Issuer is willing to issue Letters of Credit, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth herein.

The Borrowers, the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders party thereto have entered into that certain 2018 Refinancing Amendment (the 2018 Refinancing Amendment),
dated as of May 22, 2018, under which the 2018 Refinancing Term Loan Lenders extended credit to the Borrowers in the form of 2018
Refinancing Term Loans (which constitute Refinancing Term Loans under Section 2.17 of the Existing Credit Agreement) in an
original aggregate principal amount equal to $696,500,000.00.

The Borrowers, the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders party thereto have entered into that certain 2021 Incremental Amendment (the 2021 Incremental Amendment),
dated as of May 3, 2021, under which the 2021 Incremental Term Loan Lenders extended credit to the Borrowers in the form of 2021
Incremental Term Loans (which constitute Incremental Term Loans under Section 2.16 of this Agreement) in an original aggregate
principal amount equal to $750,000,000.00.

The Borrowers, the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders party thereto have entered into that certain 2021 Refinancing Revolver Amendment (the 2021 Refinancing
Revolver Amendment), dated as of May 3, 2021, under which the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Lenders extended credit
to the Borrowers in the form of 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments (which constitute Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments
under Section 2.17 of this Agreement) in an original aggregate principal amount equal to $375,000,000.00.

The Borrowers and the Administrative
Agent have entered into that certain 2023 SOFR Amendment (the 2023 SOFR Amendment), dated as of June 30, 2023,
under which the Borrowers elected to replace the LIBO Rate as the applicable Interest Rate on the 2021 Incremental Term Loan and the
2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans with Term SOFR.

The Borrowers, the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders party thereto have entered into that certain 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment (the 2023 Incremental
and Refinancing Amendment), dated as of September 8, 2023, under which (i) the 2023 Incremental Term Loan Lender
has agreed to extend credit to the Borrowers in the form of 2023 Incremental Term Loans which constitute Incremental Term Loans under
Section 2.16 of this Agreement in an initial aggregate principal amount equal to $268,041,237.00 and (ii) the 2023 Refinancing
Lender has agreed to extend credit to the Borrowers in the form of 2023 Refinancing Term Loans (which constitute Refinancing Term Loans
under Section 2.17 of this Agreement) in an aggregate principal amount equal to $680,344,072.00.

(2) 

The Borrowers and the AgentAdministrative
Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) have entered into that certain 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment (the 2024
LuxcoLuxCoMerger Amendment), dated as of []December 12,
2024, in contemplation of the LuxCo Merger Transactions.

The
Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto have entered into that certain 2025 Incremental Amendment (the 2025
Incremental Amendment), dated as of January 17, 2025, under which, among other things, the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender
has agreed to extend credit to the Borrowers in the form of (i) the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) which constitute Incremental
Term Loans under Section 2.16 of this Agreement in an initial aggregate principal amount equal to $115,000,000 and (ii) the
2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B) which constitute Incremental Term Loans under Section 2.16 of this Agreement in an initial
aggregate principal amount equal to $379,494,400.

In consideration of the mutual
covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

Article I

Definitions
and Accounting Terms

Section 1.01Defined
Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth
below:

2015 Credit Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the preliminary statements.

2018 Refinancing
Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary statements.

2018 Refinancing
Amendment Effective Date shall mean May 22, 2018, the date of effectiveness of the 2018 Refinancing Amendment.

2018 Refinancing
Term Loan Commitments shall mean the 2018 Refinancing Term Loan Commitments as such term is defined in the 2018
Refinancing Amendment.

2018 Refinancing
Term Loan Lender shall mean each 2018 Refinancing Term Loan Lender as such term is defined in the 2018 Refinancing
Amendment.

2018 Refinancing
Term Loans shall mean the 2018 Refinancing Term Loans as such term is defined in the 2018 Refinancing Amendment

2021 Refinancing
Revolver Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary statements.

2021 Refinancing
Revolver Amendment Effective Date shall mean May 3, 2021, the date of effectiveness of the 2021 Refinancing Revolver
Amendment.

2021 Refinancing
Revolving Credit Commitments shall mean the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments as such term is defined
in the 2021 Refinancing Revolver Amendment.

2021 Refinancing
Revolving Credit Lender shall mean each 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Lender as such term is defined in
the 2021 Refinancing Revolver Amendment.

2021 Refinancing
Revolving Credit Loans shall mean the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans as such term is defined in the
2021 Refinancing Revolver Amendment.

(3) 

2021 Incremental
Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary statements.

2021 Incremental
Amendment Effective Date shall mean May 3, 2021, the date of effectiveness of the 2021 Incremental Amendment.

2021 Incremental
Term Loan Commitments shall mean the 2021 Incremental Term Loan Commitments as such term is defined in the 2021
Incremental Amendment.

2021 Incremental
Term Loan Lender shall mean each 2021 Incremental Term Loan Lender as such term is defined in the 2021 Incremental
Amendment.

2021 Incremental
Term Loans shall mean the 2021 Incremental Term Loans as such term is defined in the 2021 Incremental Amendment.

2023 Incremental
and Refinancing Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary statements.

2023 Incremental
and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date shall mean September 8, 2023, the date of effectiveness of the 2023 Incremental
and Refinancing Amendment.

2023 Incremental
Term Loan Commitments shall mean the 2023 Incremental Term Loan Commitments as such term is defined in the 2023
Incremental and Refinancing Amendment.

2023 Incremental
Term Loans shall mean the 2023 Incremental Term Loans as such term is defined in the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing
Amendment.

2023 Incremental
Term Loan Lender shall mean the 2023 Incremental Term Loan Lender as such term is defined in the 2023 Incremental
and Refinancing Amendment.

2023 Refinancing
Term Loan Commitments shall mean the 2023 Refinancing Term Loan Commitments as such term is defined in the 2023
Incremental and Refinancing Amendment.

2023 Refinancing
Term Loan Lender shall mean the 2023 Refinancing Term Loan Lender as such term is defined in the 2023 Incremental
and Refinancing Amendment.

2023 Refinancing
Term Loans shall mean the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans as such term is defined in the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing
Amendment.

2023 SOFR Amendment
shall mean that certain 2023 SOFR Amendment, dated as of June 30, 2023.

2023 Term Loan
Commitments shall mean, collectively, the 2023 Incremental Term Loan Commitments and the 2023 Refinancing Term Loan Commitments.

2023 Term Loan
Lenders shall mean, collectively, the 2023 Incremental Term Loan Lender and the 2023 Refinancing Term Loan Lender.

2023 Term Loans
shall mean, collectively, the 2023 Incremental Term Loans and the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans.

2023
Yield Protection Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 2.09(c).

(4) 

2023
Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event means (a) any repayment
of all, or any part, of the principal amount of the 2023 Term Loans, including any voluntary prepayment, mandatory repayment other than
a repayment under Section 2.05(b)(i), Section 2.05(b)(ii) or Section 2.05(b)(v) or any payment at maturity,
in each case, whether before or after (i) the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default or (ii) the commencement of any
proceeding with respect to any Borrower or Guarantor under any Debtor Relief Law and notwithstanding any acceleration (for any reason)
of the 2023 Term Loans; (b) the acceleration of all of the 2023 Term Loans for any reason, including, but not limited to, acceleration
following or pursuant to an Event of Default, including as a result of the commencement of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law (including,
without limitation, pursuant to Section 8.01(f)); (c) the satisfaction, release, payment, redemption, restructuring, reorganization,
replacement, reinstatement, defeasance or compromise of any of the 2023 Term Loans in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, foreclosure
(whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the making of a distribution of any kind in
any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law to the Lenders (whether directly or indirectly, including through the Administrative Agent
or Collateral Agent or any other distribution agent), in full or partial satisfaction of the 2023 Term Loans; (d) the substantial
consummation of any plan of reorganization with respect to any Borrower or Guarantor under any Debtor Relief Law; (e) the termination
of any proceeding with respect to any Borrower or Guarantor under any Debtor Relief Law; and (f) the termination of this Agreement
for any reason; provided, that in no event shall a regularly scheduled amortization payment in respect of the 2023 Term Loans pursuant
to Section 2.07(a) constitute a 2023 Yield Protection Fee
Trigger Event.

If
a 2023 Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event occurs under clause (b),
(c), (d), (e) or (f) above,
the entire outstanding principal amount of 2023 Term Loans shall be deemed to be subject to the 2023
Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event on the date on which such 2023
Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event occurs.

2024 LuxCo Merger
Amendment means that certain 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment, dated as of the 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment Effective Date, under
which the Administrative Agent (pursuant to Required Lender instruction) consented to, among other things, the LuxCo Merger Transactions.

2024 LuxCo Merger
Amendment Effective Date means December [__]12,
2024.

2025
Incremental Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary statements.

2025
Incremental Amendment Consenting Lender Group has the meaning assigned to such term in the 2025 Incremental Amendment.

2025
Incremental Amendment Effective Date means January 17, 2025.

2025
Incremental Term Loan Commitments has the meaning assigned to such term in the 2025 Incremental Amendment.

2025
Incremental Term Loan Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in the 2025 Incremental Amendment.

2025
Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) has the meaning assigned to such term in the 2025 Incremental Amendment.

2025
Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) has the meaning assigned to such term in the 2025 Incremental Amendment.

2025
Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) Commitments has the meaning assigned to such term in the 2025 Incremental Amendment.

2025
Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) Commitments has the meaning assigned to such term in the 2025 Incremental Amendment.

(5) 

2025
Incremental Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the 2025 Incremental Amendment.

2025
Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025, among the Collateral Agent,
Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch as collateral agent under the Superpriority Credit Agreement, Alter Domus (US) LLC as collateral agent
under the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement and Alter Domus (US) LLC as collateral agent under the Super HoldCo Second Lien Indenture.

2025
Notes means the 5.375% senior unsecured notes due 2025 issued pursuant to the 2025 Notes Indenture in the aggregate original principal
amount of $500,000,000.

2025
Notes Indenture means that certain Indenture, dated as of August 29, 2017, by and among the Borrowers, as co-issuers, the
guarantors party thereto from time to time and the 2025 Notes Trustee, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified,
supplemented, replaced or refinanced.

2025
Notes Trustee means The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee
under the 2025 Notes Indenture.

2025
Tranche B Applicable Premium means with respect to a 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) the greater of (A) 1.0% of the
principal amount of such 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) and (B) on any repayment date, the excess (to the extent positive)
of:

(a)the
present value at such repayment date of (i) 103.813% of principal amount of such 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) (excluding
accrued but unpaid interest) subject to such 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event plus (ii) all required interest payments
due on such 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) subject to such 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event from the date of
such 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event through and including the date that is the one year anniversary of the 2025 Incremental
Amendment Effective Date (excluding accrued but unpaid interest), computed upon the repayment date using a discount rate equal to the
Treasury Rate at such repayment date plus 50 basis points; over

(b)(b) the
then outstanding principal amount of such 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) subject to such 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee
Trigger Event;

in
each case, as calculated by the Lead Borrower or on behalf of the Lead Borrower by such Person as the Lead Borrower shall designate;
provided, that such calculation shall not be the duty or obligation of the Administrative Agent.

2025
Tranche A Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event means (a) any repayment of all, or any part, of the principal amount of the
2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A), including any voluntary prepayment, mandatory repayment other than a repayment under Section 2.05(b)(i),
Section 2.05(b)(ii) or Section 2.05(b)(v) or any payment at maturity, in each case, whether before or after (i) the
occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default or (ii) the commencement of any proceeding with respect to any Borrower or Guarantor
under any Debtor Relief Law and notwithstanding any acceleration (for any reason) of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A); (b) the
acceleration of all of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) for any reason, including, but not limited to, acceleration following
or pursuant to an Event of Default, including as a result of the commencement of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law (including,
without limitation, pursuant to Section 8.01(f)); (c) the satisfaction, release, payment, redemption, restructuring, reorganization,
replacement, reinstatement, defeasance or compromise of any of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) in any proceeding under any
Debtor Relief Law, foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the making of
a distribution of any kind in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law to the Lenders (whether directly or indirectly, including through
the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent or any other distribution agent), in full or partial satisfaction of the 2025 Incremental
Term Loan (Tranche A), foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the making
of a distribution of any kind in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law to the Lenders (whether directly or indirectly, including
through the Collateral Agent or any other distribution agent) in full or partial satisfaction of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche
B); (d) the substantial consummation of any plan of reorganization with respect to any Borrower or Guarantor under any Debtor Relief
Law; (e) the termination of any proceeding with respect to any Borrower or Guarantor under any Debtor Relief Law; and (f) the
termination of this Agreement for any reason; provided, that in no event shall a regularly scheduled amortization payment in respect
of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) pursuant to Section 2.07(a) constitute a 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee
Trigger Event.

(6) 

If
a 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event occurs under clause (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) above, the entire outstanding
principal amount of 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) shall be deemed to be subject to the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee Trigger
Event on the date on which such 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event occurs.

2025
Tranche B Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event means (a) any repayment of all, or any part, of the principal amount of the
2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B), including any voluntary prepayment, mandatory repayment other than a repayment under Section 2.05(b)(i),
Section 2.05(b)(ii) or Section 2.05(b)(v) or any payment at maturity, in each case, whether before or after (i) the
occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default or (ii) the commencement of any proceeding with respect to any Borrower or Guarantor
under any Debtor Relief Law and notwithstanding any acceleration (for any reason) of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B); (b) the
acceleration of all of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) for any reason, including, but not limited to, acceleration following
or pursuant to an Event of Default, including as a result of the commencement of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law (including,
without limitation, pursuant to Section 8.01(f)); (c) the satisfaction, release, payment, redemption, restructuring, reorganization,
replacement, reinstatement, defeasance or compromise of any of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) in any proceeding under any
Debtor Relief Law, foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the making of
a distribution of any kind in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law to the Lenders (whether directly or indirectly, including through
the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent or any other distribution agent), in full or partial satisfaction of the 2025 Incremental
Term Loan (Tranche B), foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the making
of a distribution of any kind in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law to the Lenders (whether directly or indirectly, including
through the Collateral Agent or any other distribution agent), in full or partial satisfaction of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche
B); (d) the substantial consummation of any plan of reorganization with respect to any Borrower or Guarantor under any Debtor Relief
Law; (e) the termination of any proceeding with respect to any Borrower or Guarantor under any Debtor Relief Law; and (f) the
termination of this Agreement for any reason; provided, that in no event shall a regularly scheduled amortization payment in respect
of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) pursuant to Section 2.07(a) constitute a 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee
Trigger Event.

If
a 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event occurs under clause (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) above, the entire outstanding
principal amount of 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) shall be deemed to be subject to the 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee Trigger
Event on the date on which such 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event occurs.

2025
Transaction Support Agreement means that certain Transaction Support Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2024, by and among
Parent, certain Subsidiaries of Parent party thereto and the Supporting Creditors (as defined therein) party thereto from time to time.

(7) 

2025
Transactions Transactions as defined in the 2025 Transaction Support Agreement.

2029
Notes means the 5.125% senior unsecured notes due 2029 issued pursuant to the 2029 Notes Indenture in the aggregate original principal
amount of $450,000,000.

2029
Notes Indenture means that certain Indenture, dated as of March 24, 2021, by and among the Borrowers, as co-issuers, the
guarantors party thereto from time to time and the 2029 Notes Trustee, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified,
supplemented, replaced or refinanced.

2029
Notes Trustee means The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee under the 2029 Notes Indenture.

ACRA
means the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore.

Adjusted Term SOFR
means, (i) for purposes of any calculation (other than with
respect to the 2023 Term Loans and 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche
A)), the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided
that, in no event shall the Adjusted Term SOFR for the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans denominated
in Dollars be less than the applicable Floor; and (ii) for purposes of any calculation
with respect to the 2023 Term Loans, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation times (b) 1.136; provided
that, subject to Section 2.08(hj),
in no event shall Adjusted Term SOFR for the 2023 Term Loans be less than the applicable Floor. and
(iii) for purposes of any calculation with respect to the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A), the rate per annum equal to Term
SOFR for such calculation; provided that, in no event shall the Adjusted Term SOFR for the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) be
less than the applicable Floor.

Additional Lender
means any Person that is not an existing Lender and has agreed to provide Incremental Commitments pursuant to Section 2.16Section 2.16
or Refinancing Commitments pursuant to Section 2.17Section 2.17
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments and,
the 2023 Term Loan Commitments and the 2025 Incremental Term
Loan Commitments provided by any such Person).

Administrative
Agent means DBNY, in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative
agent.

Administrative
Agents Office means the Administrative Agents address and account as set forth on Schedule 10.02, or
such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders.

Administrative
Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

Affected
Financial Institution has the meaning set forth in Section 11.19.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled
by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Agent-Related Persons
means the Agents, together with their respective Affiliates, and the officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys-in-fact of
such Persons and Affiliates.

Agents
means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Supplemental Agents (if any).

Aggregate Commitments
means the Commitments of all the Lenders.

(8) 

Agreement
means this Credit Agreement, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

AHYDO Payment
means a payment in respect of Indebtedness in an amount sufficient to ensure that such Indebtedness will not be an applicable
high yield discount obligation within the meaning of Section 163(i)(1) of the Code.

Arkema
Acquisition means the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of 100% of the outstanding Equity Interests of
Arkema Groups methyl methacrylates (MMA) and polymethyl methacrylates (PMMA)
business, as more specifically described in, and pursuant to the terms of, that certain Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 19,
2021, between Arkema, a French socit anonyme with its registered offices at 420, rue dEstienne dOrves,
92700 Colombes, France and registered with the registry of commerce and company of Nanterre under number 445 074 685, as Seller, and Trinseo
S.A., a Luxembourg socit anonyme with its registered offices at 26-28 rue Edward Steichen, L-2540, Luxembourg,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the registry of commerce and company of Luxembourg under number B 153549, as Purchaser (the
Arkema Acquisition Agreement).

Alternative Currency
means Euros, Pounds Sterling and each other currency that is approved in accordance with Section 1.13.

All-In Yield
means, as to any Indebtedness, the yield thereof, whether in the form of interest rate, margin, OID, upfront fees, a LIBO Rate, Term
SOFR or Base Rate floor, or otherwise, in each case, incurred or payable by the applicable Borrower generally to all lenders of such
Indebtedness; provided that OID and upfront fees shall be equated to interest rate assuming a 4-year average life to maturity
on a straight line basis (e.g. 100 basis points of original issue discount equals 25 basis points of interest rate margin); and provided,
further, that All-In Yield shall not include amendment fees, arrangement fees, structuring fees, ticking fees, unused
line fees, commitment fees, underwriting fees and other similar fees not paid generally to all lenders in the primary syndication of
such Indebtedness.

Altuglas
means Altuglas LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

AML Laws
means the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA Patriot Act, and all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction in which any
Loan Party or any Subsidiary is located or is doing business from time to time concerning or relating to anti-money laundering and ensuring
that all sources of funding are lawful and identifiable.

Annual Financial
Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of comprehensive income, shareholders
equity and cash flows of Topco and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

Anti-Corruption
Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption
applicable to Holdings or its Subsidiaries by virtue of such Person being organized or operating in such jurisdiction.

Applicable ECF
Percentage means, for any fiscal year of the Lead Borrower (commencing with the fiscal year beginning on January 1, 2016),
(a) 50% if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such fiscal year is greater than 2.50:1.00, (b) 25% if the
First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such fiscal year is less than or equal to 2.50:1.00 and greater than 2.00:1.00 and
(c) zero if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such fiscal year is less than or equal to 2.00:1.00.

Applicable Margin
means a percentage per annum equal to:

(a)from
and after the 2021 Revolver Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, with respect to unused 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments,
0.375%;

(9) 

(b) [reserved];

(b)(c) from
and after the 2021 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, with respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans maintained as (i) Base
Rate Loans, 1.50% and (ii) Benchmark Rate Loans, 2.50%;

(c)(d) from
and after the 2021 Revolver Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, with respect to 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line
Loans (which are to be maintained solely as Base Rate Loans) and Letters of Credit fees, the following percentages per annum, based upon
the Total Net Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to
Section 6.02(a):

Applicable Margin for Revolving Credit 

Loans, Swing Line Loans, Letter of Credit Fees 

Pricing Level Total Net 

Leverage Ratio Benchmark Rate and

Letter of Credit Fees Base Rate 

1 > 3.00:1.00 2.25 % 1.25 %

2 < 3.00:1.00 and > 2.50:1.00 2.00 % 1.00 %

3 < 2.50:1.00 1.75 % 0.75 %

(d)(e) subject
to Section 2.08(h), from and after the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, with respect to 2023 Term
Loans maintained as: (i) Base Rate Loans, 8.66% and (ii) Benchmark Rate Loans, 9.66%.

(e)from
and after the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, with respect to 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) maintained as: (i) Base
Rate Loans, 7.50% and (ii) Benchmark Rate Loans, 8.50%;

(f)from
and after the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, with respect to 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B), 7.625%.

Any increase or decrease
in the Applicable Margin resulting from a change in the Total Net Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day
immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a); provided that, if
notification is provided to the Lead Borrower that the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders have so elected, the highest pricing
level shall apply (x) as of the first Business Day after the date on which a Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered
but was not delivered, and shall continue to so apply to and including the date on which such Compliance Certificate is so delivered
(and thereafter the pricing level otherwise determined in accordance with this definition shall apply) and (y) as of the first Business
Day after an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (f) or (g) shall have occurred and be continuing
hereunder and shall continue to so apply to but excluding the date on which such Event of Default is cured or waived (and thereafter
the pricing level otherwise determined in accordance with this definition shall apply).

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
(a) the Applicable Margin in respect of any Class of Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or any Extended Term Loans or Revolving
Credit Loans or Swing Line Loans made pursuant to any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be the applicable percentages per annum
set forth in the relevant Extension Amendment, (b) the Applicable Margin in respect of any Class of Incremental Commitments,
and Class of Incremental Term Loans established after the 20232025
Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date or any Class of Incremental
Revolving Credit Loans shall be the applicable percentages per annum set forth in the relevant Incremental Amendment, (c) the Applicable
Margin in respect of any Class of Replacement Term Loans shall be the applicable percentages per annum set forth in the relevant
agreement, (d) the Applicable Margin in respect of any Class of Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments, any Class of
Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans established after the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date or any Class of
Refinancing Term Loans established after the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date shall be the applicable percentages
per annum set forth in the relevant Refinancing Amendment and (e) [reserved].

(10) 

Appropriate Lender
means, at any time, (a) with respect to Loans of any Class, the Lenders of such Class, (b) with respect to Letters of Credit,
(i) the relevant L/C Issuers and (ii) the Revolving Credit Lenders and (c) with respect to the Swing Line Facility, (i) the
relevant Swing Line Lender and (ii) if any Swing Line Loans are outstanding pursuant to Section 2.04(a), the Revolving
Credit Lenders.

Approved Bank
has the meaning set forth in clause (c) of the definition of Cash Equivalents.

Approved Fund
means any Fund that is administered, advised or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity
or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises or manages a Lender.

Aristech
means Aristech Surfaces LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company.

Aristech
and Altuglas IP means any IP Rights necessary to operate the businesses of Aristech and Altuglas as set forth on Schedule 5.15
of the Superpriority Credit Agreement.

Aristech
and Altuglas License Agreements means (a) the Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement, dated January 1, 2022,
entered into between Trinseo Europe, as licensor, and Altuglas, as licensee, with respect to the use of IP Rights that are necessary
to operate the businesses of Altuglas, and (b) the Technology License Agreement, dated September 1, 2021, entered into between
Trinseo Europe, as licensor, and Aristech, as licensee, with respect to the use of IP Rights that are necessary to operate the businesses
of Aristech.

Arkema
Acquisition means the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of 100% of the outstanding Equity Interests of Arkema Groups
methyl methacrylates (MMA) and polymethyl methacrylates (PMMA) business, as more specifically described in,
and pursuant to the terms of, that certain Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2021, between Arkema, a French socit
anonyme with its registered offices at 420, rue dEstienne dOrves, 92700 Colombes, France and registered with the registry
of commerce and company of Nanterre under number 445 074 685, as Seller, and Trinseo S.A., a Luxembourg socit anonyme
with its registered offices at 26-28 rue Edward Steichen, L-2540, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the registry
of commerce and company of Luxembourg under number B 153549, as Purchaser (the Arkema Acquisition Agreement).

Arrangers
means Barclays Bank PLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Citi Group Global Markets Inc., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank
USA, The Bank of Nova Scotia, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and Sumitomo
Mitsui Banking Corporation; provided that with respect to the 2018 Refinancing Amendment and the 2018 Refinancing Loans, Arrangers
shall mean Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.; provided further that with respect to the 2021 Incremental Amendment and the 2021 Incremental
Term Loans, Arrangers shall mean Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas
Securities Corp., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Truist Securities, Inc. and Fifth Third Bank,
National Association; provided further that with respect to the 2021 Refinancing Revolver Amendment, the 2021 Refinancing Revolving
Credit Commitments and the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans, Arrangers shall mean Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.,
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd, Goldman Sachs
Bank USA, Truist Securities, Inc. and Fifth Third Bank, National Association; provided, further, that with respect
to the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment, the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans and the 2023 Incremental Term Loans,
Arrangers shall mean Angelo, Gordon & Co. L.P. and Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.

(11) 

ASIC
means the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.

Assignees
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(b).

Assignment and
Assumption shall mean an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party
whose consent is required by Section 10.07), in the form of Exhibit E or any other form approved by the Administrative
Agent and the Lead Borrower.

Associate
means (i) any Person of which the Lead Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries are the legal and beneficial owners of between 20%
and 50% of all outstanding voting Equity Interests and (ii) any joint venture entered into by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower.

Attorney Costs
means and includes all reasonable, documented fees, expenses and disbursements of any law firm or other external legal counsel required
to be reimbursed by any Loan Party pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document.

Attributable Indebtedness
means, on any date, in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance
sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP.

Auction
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(a).

Auction Manager
shall mean the Administrative Agent; provided that the Lead Borrower shall not designate the Administrative Agent or any Affiliate
thereof as the Auction Manager without the written consent of the Administrative Agent or such Affiliate, as applicable (it being understood
that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Affiliate thereof shall be under any obligation to agree to act as the Auction Manager);
provided, further, that neither Holdings nor any of its Subsidiaries may act as the Auction Manager.

Auction Notice
has the meaning set forth in Schedule 2.14.

Auditors
means a firm of recognisedrecognized
international auditors.

Auditors
Determination has the meaning as defined in Section 11.10(d).

Auto-Extension
Letter of Credit has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(b)(iii).

Bail-In Action
means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of
an EEA Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation
means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of
the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In
Legislation Schedule.

(12) 

Base Rate
means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the
rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by DBNY as its prime rate and (c) the
applicable Benchmark Rate for an Interest Period of one month commencing on such day plus 1.00% per annum; provided that
in no event shall the Base Rate be less than (x) 1.00% per annum for all 2021 Incremental Term Loans, (y) 1.00% per annum for
all 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans, and (z) 4.55% per annum with respect to the 2023 Term Loans, in each case, maintained
as Base Rate Loans. The prime rate is a rate set by DBNY based upon various factors including DBNY costs and desired return,
general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above,
or below such announced rate. Any change in such rate announced by the Administrative Agent shall take effect at the opening of business
on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to Section 2.08(h),
for purposes of calculating the Base Rate for the 2023 Term Loans, the Base Rate for any day shall be the highest of (a) through
(c) above times 1.136.

Base Rate Loan
means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate.

Base Rate Term
SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR.

Benchmark Rate
means (a) as to any 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Euros, LIBO Rate, and (b) as to any 2021 Incremental
Term Loans, any 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans and,
2023 Term Loans and 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) denominated
in Dollars, Adjusted Term SOFR.

Benchmark Rate
Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Benchmark Rate whether denominated in Dollars or in Euros.

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Beneficiary
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03(c).

Board of Directors
means, for any Person, the board of directors, the general partner or other governing body of such Person or, if such Person does not
have such a board of directors, general partner or other governing body and is owned or managed by a single entity, the Board of Directors
or board of managers (conseil de grance) of such entity, or, in either case, any committee thereof duly authorized to
act on behalf of such Board of Directors. Unless otherwise provided, Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of
the Lead Borrower.

Borrower
has the meaning provided in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Borrower Retained
Prepayment Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b)(vii).

Borrowing
means a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a Swing Line Borrowing, or a Term Borrowing, as the context may require.

Business Day
means (a) any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of,
or are in fact closed in, Luxembourg or the State where the Administrative Agents Office with respect to Loans denominated in
Dollars is located, (b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a LIBO Rate Loan denominated in Dollars, any fundings,
disbursements, settlements and payments in respect of any such LIBO Rate Loan denominated in Dollars, or any other dealings to be carried
out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such LIBO Rate Loan denominated in Dollars, any such day described in clause (a) above
which is also a day on which dealings in deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London Interbank Eurodollar Market and (c) if
such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a LIBO Rate Loan denominated in Euros, any fundings, disbursements, settlements
and payments in respect of any such LIBO Rate Loan denominated in Euros, or any other dealings to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement
in respect of any such LIBO Rate Loan denominated in Euros, any such day described in clause (a) above that is also a TARGET
Day.

(13) 

Calculation Date
shall mean (a) the first Business Day of each calendar month, (b) each date (with such date to be reasonably determined by
the Administrative Agent) that is on or about the date of the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit denominated
in an Alternative Currency, (c) each date (with such date to be reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) that is on or
about the date of a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Benchmark Rate Loans denominated in Euros and each continuation of a Benchmark Rate
Loan denominated in Euros and (d) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any Business Day as determined by the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion.

Capital Expenditures
means, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including in all events
all amounts expended or capitalized under Capitalized Leases) by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period
that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be included as capital expenditures on the consolidated statement of cash flows
of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries.

Capital
Impairment has the meaning set forth in Section 11.10(c).

Capitalized Leases
means all leases that have been or are required to be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases; provided that
for all purposes hereunder the amount of obligations under any Capitalized Lease shall be the amount thereof accounted for as a liability
in accordance with GAAP.

Captive Insurance
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that is subject to regulation as an insurance company (or any Subsidiary
thereof).

Cash Collateral
has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(g).

Cash Collateral
Account means a blocked account at DBNY (or another commercial bank selected in compliance with Section 9.09)
in the name of the Administrative Agent and under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, and otherwise established
in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

Cash Collateralize
has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(g).

Cash Equivalents
means any of the following types of Investments:

(a)(i) Dollars,
Pounds Sterling, Canadian Dollars or Euros; or (ii) any other currency held by the Lead
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries from time to time in the ordinary course of business;

(b)readily
marketable obligations issued or directly and fully Guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian governments or, in each case,
any agency or instrumentality of thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of such country or such member state is pledged
in support thereof), having maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition;

(c)certificates
of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers acceptances issued by any (i) Lender
or (ii) (a) commercial bank or trust company bank that is organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof
or the District of Columbia or is the principal banking Subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the Laws of the United States,
any state thereof or the District of Columbia and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, and (b) has combined capital and surplus
in excess of $100,000,000 (any such Persons referenced in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being an Approved
Bank), in each case with maturities not exceeding 24 months from the date of acquisition thereof;

(14) 

(d)repurchase
obligations for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (b) and (c) entered into with any Approved Bank;

(e)commercial
paper and variable or fixed rate notes rated at the time of acquisition thereof at least A-2 (or the equivalent thereof
by S&P) or P-2 (or the equivalent thereof by Moodys) or carrying an equivalent rating by a Nationally Recognized
Statistical Rating Organization (if both of the two named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of investments) or, if no rating is
available in respect of the commercial paper, the issuer of which has an equivalent rating in respect of its long-term debt, and in any
case maturing within 24 months after the date of acquisition thereof;

(f)readily
marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States of America, any province of Canada
or any other foreign government or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof, in each case, having an investment grade rating
from either Moodys or S&P (or, if at the time, neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another
Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) with maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition;

(g)bills
of exchange issued in the United States or Canada eligible for rediscount at the relevant central bank and accepted by a bank (or any
dematerialized equivalent);

(h)Investments
with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated AAA (or the equivalent thereof)
or better by S&P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moodys;

(i)for
purposes of Section 7.05(f), the marketable securities portfolio owned by the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the Closing
Date;

(j)Investments,
classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets, in money market investment programs which are registered under the Investment Company
Act of 1940 or which are administered by financial institutions having capital of at least $100,000,000, and, in either case, the portfolios
of which are limited such that substantially all of such Investments are of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a) through
(h) of this definition;

(k)instruments
equivalent to those referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above and clause (j) above denominated in Euros or
any other currency comparable in credit quality and tenor to those referred to above and customarily used by corporations for cash management
purposes in any jurisdiction outside the United States to the extent reasonably required in connection with any business conducted by
any Restricted Subsidiary organized in such jurisdiction; and

(l)any
interest in any investment funds investing at least 90% of their assets in instruments of the type specified in clauses (a) through
(h) above and clauses (j) and (k) above.

Cash Management
Obligations means obligations owed by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender
in respect of any overdraft and related liabilities arising from treasury, depository and cash management services or any automated clearing
house transfers of funds.

Cash
Management Practices means (a) the ordinary course cash management practices of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as
in effect prior to the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, including with respect to the ordinary course cash management practices
related to the funding, sweeping or transferring of cash in accordance with that certain Amended and Restated Cash Pooling Agreement,
dated as of May 22, 2023 and effective as of December 31, 2022 and (b) capital contributions made by or to the Lead Borrower
and its Subsidiaries to satisfy minimum capitalization or solvency requirements under local law, provided that such contribution must
be made for legitimate business purposes and not made for the purposes of adversely affecting the credit position of the Superpriority
Revolving Lenders.

(15) 

Casualty Event
means any event that gives rise to the receipt by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any insurance proceeds or condemnation
awards in respect of any equipment, fixed assets or real property (including any improvements thereon) to replace or repair such equipment,
fixed assets or real property.

Change of Control
shall be deemed to occur if:

(a)any
(1) Person (other than the Management Stockholders that in the aggregate own, beneficially or of record, no more than ten percent
(10%) of the outstanding voting stock of Holdings) or (2) Persons (other than the Management Stockholders that in the aggregate
own, beneficially or of record, no more than ten percent (10%) of the outstanding voting stock of Holdings) constituting a group
(within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the Closing Date), becomes the beneficial owner,
directly or indirectly, of Equity Interests representing more than forty percent (40%) of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented
by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings;

(b)a
change of control (or similar event) shall occur in any document pertaining to any Incremental Equivalent Debt, any Refinancing
Equivalent Debt, any Senior Notes or, in each case, any Permitted Refinancing thereof and such Indebtedness is in an aggregate outstanding
principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; or

(c)Holdings
or one or more Intermediate Holding Companies ceases to own, in the aggregate, 100% of the Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the consummation of the LuxCo Merger Transactions shall not constitute a Change of Control.

Class
(a) when used with respect to Commitments or Loans, refers to those of such Commitments or Loans that have the same terms and conditions
(without regard to differences in the Type of Loan, Interest Period, upfront fees, OID or similar fees paid or payable in connection
with such Commitments or Loan, or differences in tax treatment (e.g. fungibility)); provided that such Commitments
or Loans may be designated in writing by the Lead Borrower and Lenders holding such Commitments or Loans as a separate Class from
other Commitments or Loans that have the same terms and conditions and (ii) with respect to Lenders, those of such Lenders that
have Commitments or Loans of a particular Class. The 2023 Refinancing Term Loans and the 2023 Incremental Term Loans shall constitute
one class of Term Loans hereunder. Other than with respect to Section 2.05(b),
the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B) shall constitute separate classes of Term
Loans hereunder.

Closing Date
means the first date on which all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 4.01.

Closing Date Guarantors
means Holdings and each Subsidiary of Holdings (other than the Borrowers) party to this Agreement on the Closing Date.

Code
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations related thereto.

Collateral
means the Collateral as defined in the Security Agreement and all the Collateral or Pledged Assets
as defined in any other Collateral Document and any other assets pledged pursuant to any Collateral Document.

(16) 

Collateral Agent
means DBNY, in its capacity as collateral agent or pledgee in its own name under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor collateral
agent.

Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement means, at any time, the requirement that:

(a)on
the Closing Date the Administrative Agent shall have received each Collateral Document to the extent required to be delivered on the
Closing Date pursuant to Section 4.01(e), subject to the limitations and exceptions of this Agreement, duly executed by each
Loan Party thereto;

(b)the
Obligations shall have been secured by a first-prioritysecond-priority
security interest (relative to the Obligations under
and as defined in the Superpriority Credit Agreement) in (i) all the Equity Interests of the Borrowers and (ii) all
Equity Interests of each Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrowers that is directly owned by a Loan Party and that is not an Excluded Subsidiary;

(c)the
Obligations shall have been secured by a first-prioritysecond-priority
perfected security interest (relative to the Obligations
under and as defined in the Superpriority Credit Agreement) in, and Mortgages on, substantially all tangible and intangible assets
of the Lead Borrower, the Co-Borrower and each Guarantor (including intercompany debt, accounts, inventory, equipment, investment property,
contract rights, securities, patents, trademarks, other intellectual property, other general intangibles, cash, bank and securities deposit
accounts, Material Real Property and proceeds of the foregoing), in each case, subject to exceptions and limitations otherwise set forth
in this Agreement, the 2025 Intercreditor Agreement and the Collateral
Documents (to the extent appropriate in the applicable jurisdiction);

(d)subject
to limitations and exceptions of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents, to the extent a security interest in and Mortgages on any
Material Real Property is required under Section 6.11, Section 6.14 or 6.18 (together with any Material
Real Property that is subject to a Mortgage on the Closing Date, each, a Mortgaged Property), the Administrative
Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of a Mortgage with respect to such Mortgaged Property duly executed and delivered by
the record owner of such property in form suitable for filing or recording in all filing or recording offices that the Administrative
Agent may reasonably deem necessary or desirable in order to create a valid and subsisting perfected Lien on the property and/or rights
described therein in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and evidence that all filing and recording
taxes, stamp duty and fees have been paid or otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it
being understood that if a mortgage tax or notary fee or registration fee or other similar tax will be owed or calculated on the entire
amount of the indebtedness evidenced hereby, then the amount secured by the Mortgage shall be limited to 100% of the fair market value
of the property at the time the Mortgage is entered into if such limitation results in such mortgage tax being calculated based upon
such fair market value), (ii) other than with respect to Mortgaged Properties located in Germany, Hong Kong (unless the Administrative
Agent determines, in its reasonable opinion, there to be a defect in such title), Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Singapore, Switzerland
and any other jurisdiction, as reasonably determined by the Collateral Agent, in which title insurance is not customary, fully paid policies
of title insurance (or marked-up title insurance commitments having the effect of policies of title insurance) on the Mortgaged Property
that is owned in fee by the applicable Loan Party (the Mortgage Policies) issued by a title insurance company reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent in form and substance and in an amount reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (not
to exceed 100% of the fair market value of the real properties covered thereby), insuring the Mortgages to be valid subsisting Liens
on the property described therein, free and clear of all Liens other than Liens permitted pursuant to Section 7.01 and other
Liens reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent each of which shall (A) to the extent reasonably necessary, include such
reinsurance arrangements (with provisions for direct access, if reasonably necessary) as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Collateral
Agent, (B) contain a tie-in or cluster endorsement, if available under applicable law (i.e.,
policies which insure against losses regardless of location or allocated value of the insured property up to a stated maximum coverage
amount) and (C) have been supplemented by such endorsements (or where such endorsements are not available, opinions of special counsel,
architects or other professionals reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent) as shall be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent
(which may include endorsements on matters relating to usury, first loss, last dollar, zoning, contiguity, revolving credit, doing business,
non-imputation public road access, variable rate, environmental lien, subdivision, mortgage recording tax, separate tax lot, and so-called
comprehensive coverage over covenants and restrictions, in each case only if available after the applicable Loan Party uses commercially
reasonable efforts), (iii) customary legal opinions (as determined with reference to any applicable jurisdiction), addressed to
the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to such matters as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably request, and (iv) a completed life of the loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood
Hazard Determination with respect to each U.S. Mortgaged Property and, to the extent required, duly executed and acknowledged by the
appropriate Loan Parties and evidence of flood insurance, in the event any improved parcel of U.S. Mortgaged Property is located in a
special flood hazard area, which evidence shall comply with the Flood Laws and be otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent; and

(17) 

(e)after
the Closing Date, each Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrowers (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary or Excluded Subsidiary) shall become
a Guarantor and signatory to this Agreement pursuant to a Guarantor Joinder in accordance with Section 6.11 or 6.18
and a party to the respective Collateral Documents in accordance with Section 6.11 or 6.18; provided that notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions, any Subsidiary of the Borrowers that Guarantees the
Obligations under, and as defined in, the Superpriority Credit Agreement and any Junior Financing shall be a Guarantor
hereunder for so long as it Guarantees such Indebtedness.;
and

(f)notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions, all assets of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries that secures the Obligations under, and as
defined in, the Superpriority Credit Agreement shall be required to be pledged as Collateral under the Collateral Documents.

Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this definition or anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary:

(i)The
foregoing definition shall not require and the Loan Documents shall not contain any requirements as to the creation or perfection of
pledges of, security interests in, Mortgages on, or the obtaining of title insurance, surveys, abstracts or appraisals or taking other
actions with respect to, any Excluded Assets (save to the extent subject to the Swedish Floating Charge
as a matter of Swedish law or the Finnish Business Mortgage as a matter of Finnish law).

(ii)No
actions in any non-U.S. jurisdiction that is not a Qualified Jurisdiction or required by the Laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction that is
not a Qualified Jurisdiction shall be required in order to create any security interests in assets located or titled outside of the U.S.
in a jurisdiction that is not a Qualified Jurisdiction or to perfect such security interests, including any intellectual property registered
in any non-U.S. jurisdiction that is not a Qualified Jurisdiction (it being understood that there shall be no security agreements or
pledge agreements governed under the Laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction that is not a Qualified Jurisdiction).

(18) 

(iii)No
actions shall be required with respect to Collateral requiring perfection through control agreements or perfection by control
(as defined in the UCC) (including deposit accounts or other bank accounts or securities accounts) or possession, other than in respect
of (x) (i) certificated Equity Interests of the Borrowers and wholly owned Restricted
Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiaries) directly owned by the Borrowers or by any Subsidiary Guarantor otherwise required
to be pledged pursuant to the provisions of clause (b) of this definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement
and not otherwise constituting an Excluded Asset and (ii) any floating charge certificate (Sw. fretagsinteckningsbrev)
relating to the Swedish Floating Charge Pledge Agreement and (iii) any business mortgage note (Fi. yrityskiinnityspanttivelkakirja)
relating to the Finnish Business Mortgage, ( and (y) Pledged Debt (as defined in the Security Agreement) to the extent
required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement;

(iv)The
Administrative Agent in its discretion may grant extensions of time for the creation or perfection of security interests in, and Mortgages
on, or obtaining of title insurance or taking other actions with respect to, particular assets (including extensions beyond the Closing
Date) or any other compliance with the requirements of this definition where it reasonably determines, in consultation with the Lead
Borrower, that the creation or perfection of security interests in, and Mortgages on, or obtaining of title insurance or taking other
actions, or any other compliance with the requirements of this definition cannot be accomplished without undue delay, burden or expense
by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required by this Agreement or the Collateral Documents; and

(v)Liens
required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be subject to exceptions and limitations
set forth in this Agreement and the Collateral Documents.;

(vi)The
floating charge certificate (Sw. fretagsinteckningsbrev) to be issued pursuant to the Swedish Floating Charge Pledge Agreement
will be in the amount set forth in the Swedish Floating Charge Pledge Agreement; and

(vii)the
Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be subject to the last paragraph of Section 10 of the 2025 Incremental Amendment.

Collateral Documents
means, collectively, the Security Agreement, each of the Mortgages, collateral assignments, security agreements, pledge agreements, Intellectual
Property Security Agreements, deeds of hypothecs, bonds, bond pledge agreements or other similar agreements delivered to the Administrative
Agent pursuant to Sections 4.01, 6.11 or 6.14, and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents that
creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent (as relevant), in each case for
the benefit of the Secured Parties.

Commitment
means a Term Commitment or a Revolving Credit Commitment, as the context may require.

Committed Loan
Notice means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Loans denominated in Dollars from one Type to the
other, or (c) a continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which, if in writing, shall be substantially
in the form of Exhibit A.

Compensation Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(c)(iv)Section 2.12(c)(ii).

Compliance Certificate
means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D.

(19) 

Conforming Changes
means, in the case of 2021 Incremental Term Loans and the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars, with respect
to the use or administration of Term SOFR, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition
of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business
Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest
and other administrative matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation
of Term SOFR and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice
(or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if
the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of Term SOFR exists, in such other manner of administration
as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement).

Consolidated EBITDA
means, for any period,

Consolidated Net Income for
such period,

plus

(a)without
duplication, the following amounts (in each case, except with respect to clauses (vii) and (x) below, to the extent deducted
(and not added back) in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income for such period) for such period with respect to the Lead Borrower and
its Restricted Subsidiaries:

(i)total
interest expense determined in accordance with GAAP and, to the extent not reflected in such total interest expense, any losses on hedging
obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, net of interest income and gains
on such hedging obligations, and costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities (whether amortized or immediately expensed),

(ii)provision
for taxes based on income, profits or capital gains of the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, including, without limitation,
federal, state, local, provincial, franchise and similar taxes and foreign withholding taxes paid or accrued during such period including
penalties and interest related to such taxes or arising from any tax examinations,

(iii)depreciation
and amortization,

(iv)earn-out
and contingent consideration obligations (including to the extent accounted for as bonuses, compensation or otherwise) and adjustments
thereof and purchase price adjustments, in each case in connection with acquisitions,

(v)the
amount of any minority interest expense consisting of Restricted Subsidiary income attributable to minority interests of third parties
in any non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary,

(vi)any
costs or expenses incurred pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan
or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, to the extent that such costs or expenses are funded with cash proceeds
contributed to the capital of the Lead Borrower or net cash proceeds of an issuance of Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower (other than
Disqualified Equity Interests),

(vii)cash
receipts (or any netting arrangements resulting in reduced cash expenditures) not representing Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Net
Income in any period to the extent non-cash gains relating to such income were deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA pursuant
to clause (b) below for any previous period and not added back,

(20) 

(viii)non-cash
expenses, charges and losses (including impairment charges or asset write-offs, losses from investments recorded using the equity method,
stock-based awards compensation expense), in each case other than (A) any non-cash charge representing amortization of a prepaid
cash item that was paid and not expensed in a prior period and (B) any non-cash charge relating to write-offs, write-downs or reserves
with respect to accounts receivable in the normal course or inventory; provided that if any non-cash charges referred to in this
clause (viii) represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period, (1) the Lead Borrower may
elect not to add back such non-cash charge in the current period and (2) to the extent the Lead Borrower elects to add back such
non-cash charge, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated EBITDA in such future
period to such extent paid,

(ix)any
net loss from disposed, abandoned or discontinued operations (excluding held-for-sale discontinued operations until actually disposed
of),

(x)the
amount of cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and synergies projected by the Lead Borrower in good
faith to be realized in connection with any Specified Transaction (or any other business combination, acquisition (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, acquisitions occurring prior to the Closing Date) or Disposition), any restructuring, any cost savings initiative,
and any other similar initiative and action (calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions,
other operating improvements and synergies had been realized on the first day of such period and as if such cost savings, operating expense
reductions, other operating improvements and synergies were realized during the entirety of such period), net of the amount of actual
benefits realized during such period from such actions; provided that (A) such cost savings, operating expense reductions,
other operating improvements and synergies are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable, in the good faith judgment of the Lead
Borrower, and expected to result from actions that have been taken or with respect to which substantial steps are expected to be taken
within 18 months after the applicable Specified Transaction, business combination, acquisition or Disposition is consummated or the applicable
restructuring, cost savings initiative, or other similar initiative or action and (B) no cost savings, operating expense reductions
and synergies shall be added pursuant to this clause (x) to the extent duplicative of any expenses or charges otherwise added to
Consolidated EBITDA, whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, for such period,

(xi)solely
for the purpose of compliance with the Financial Covenant set forth in Section 7.11 on the last day of any fiscal quarter and for
no other purpose (including compliance with such covenant for the purposes of any incurrence test under this Agreement or the permissibility
of any action under this Agreement), the amount of cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and synergies
projected by the Lead Borrower in good faith to be realized in connection with the Arkema Acquisition and disclosed to the Revolving
Credit Lenders in the lender presentation disclosed publicly in a Form 8-K filing dated March 10, 2021 (calculated on a Pro
Forma Basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and synergies had been realized on
the first day of such period and as if such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and synergies were
realized during the entirety of such period), net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions; provided
that no cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies shall be added pursuant to this clause (xi) to the extent duplicative
of any expenses or charges otherwise added to Consolidated EBITDA, whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, for such period.

(21) 

(xi)[reserved].

(xii)proceeds
of business interruption insurance,

minus

(b)without
duplication and to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, (i) non-cash gains (excluding any non-cash gain
to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for a potential cash item that reduced Consolidated EBITDA in any prior
period), (ii) any net gain from disposed, abandoned or discontinued operations and (iii) the amount of any minority interest
income consisting of Restricted Subsidiary losses attributable to minority interests of third parties in any non-wholly owned Restricted
Subsidiary; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any gain representing the reversal of any non-cash charge referred to in
clause (a)(viii)(B) above for a prior period shall be added (together with, without duplication, any amounts received in respect
thereof to the extent not increasing Consolidated Net Income) to Consolidated EBITDA in any subsequent period to such extent so reversed
(or received);

provided that:

(i)to
the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, there shall be excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA currency translation gains
and losses related to currency remeasurements of Indebtedness (including the net loss or gain (i) resulting from Swap Contracts
for currency exchange risk and (ii) resulting from intercompany indebtedness),

(ii)to
the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, there shall be excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period any adjustments
resulting from the application of Statement of FASB Codification 815 and International Accounting Standard No. 39 and their respective
related pronouncements and interpretations, and

(iii)there
shall be excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period the effects of Net Raw Material Timing.

Notwithstanding anything
else in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA or the definitions used therein, the realized gain or loss of any currency derivatives
that are entered into for the express purpose of reducing the variability of the Lead Borrowers non-Dollar denominated Consolidated
EBITDA will be included in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, for purposes of determining Consolidated EBITDA under this Agreement for any period that includes any
of the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2014, June 30, 2014, September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014, Consolidated
EBITDA for such fiscal quarters shall be $78,828,000, $83,491,000, $65,543,000 and $112,034,000, respectively, as may be subject to addbacks
and pro forma adjustments (if any) pursuant to clause (a)(x) above and Section 1.10. For the avoidance of
doubt, Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated, including pro forma adjustments, in accordance with Section 1.10.

(22) 

Consolidated First
Lien Net Debt means, as of any date of determination, (1) any Indebtedness described in clause (a) of the definition
of Consolidated Total Net Debt outstanding on such date (other than (x) any such Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary
that is not the Co-Borrower or a Guarantor and is not secured by any assets of any Loan Party and (y) any such Indebtedness in which
the applicable Liens are expressly subordinated or junior to the Liens securing the Obligations that are secured on a first lien basis)
minus (2) the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents (other than Restricted Cash) that would be reflected on a balance
sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date, in each case, free and clear of all Liens (other than nonconsensual
Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and Liens permitted by Section 7.01(a), Section 7.01(b), clauses
(ii) and (iii) of Section 7.01(l), Section 7.01(p), Section 7.01(q), Section 7.01(s),
Section 7.01(w), Section 7.01(x), Section 7.01(dd), Section 7.01(ee), Section 7.01(ff)
and Section 7.01(gg)Section 7.01(hh));
provided that Consolidated First Net Debt shall not include Indebtedness in respect of (i) letters of credit, except to the
extent of unreimbursed amounts thereunder (provided that any unreimbursed amount under commercial letters of credit shall not
be included as Consolidated First Net Debt until three (3) Business Days after such amount is drawn), (ii) Unrestricted Subsidiaries
and (iii) any Permitted Securitizations; it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that obligations under Swap Contracts
do not constitute Consolidated First Lien Net Debt.

Consolidated Interest
Expense means, for any period, the sum, without duplication, of (i) the cash interest expense (including that attributable
to Capitalized Leases), net of cash interest income, of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated
basis in accordance with GAAP, with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, including
all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing
and net cash costs under Swap Contracts, and (ii) any cash payments made during such period in respect of obligations referred to
in clause (b) below relating to Funded Debt that were amortized or accrued in a previous period, but excluding, however, (a) amortization
of deferred financing costs and any other amounts of non-cash interest, (b) the accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities during
such period, (c) non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement of the mark-to-market valuation of obligations under Swap
Contracts or other derivative instruments pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, (d) any cash costs
associated with breakage in respect of hedging agreements for interest rates, (e) fees and expenses associated with the consummation
of the Transactions, (f) annual agency fees paid to the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent, (g) costs associated
with obtaining Swap Contracts and (h) all non-recurring cash interest expense consisting of liquidated damages for failure to timely
comply with registration rights obligations and financing fees, all as calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, for purposes of determining Consolidated Interest Expense (i) for any period ending prior
to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, Consolidated Interest Expense shall be an amount equal to actual Consolidated Interest
Expense from the Closing Date through the date of determination multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is 365 and the denominator
of which is the number of days from the Closing Date through the date of determination and (ii) shall exclude the acquisition accounting
effects described in the last sentence of the definition of Consolidated Net Income.

Consolidated Net
Income means, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period determined
on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, provided, however, that, without duplication,

(a)(i) any
after-tax effect of non-recurring, unusual or extraordinary items (including gains or losses and all fees and expenses relating thereto)
for such period shall be excluded and (ii) duplicative running costs, severance, relocation costs or expenses, Transaction Expenses,
integration costs, transition costs, pre-opening, opening, consolidation and closing costs for facilities, costs incurred in connection
with any non-recurring strategic initiatives, costs incurred in connection with acquisitions and non-recurring product and intellectual
property development, other business optimization expenses (including costs and expenses relating to business optimization programs and
new systems design and implementation costs), project start-up costs and restructuring charges or reserves (including restructuring costs
related to acquisitions and to closure/consolidation of facilities, retention charges, systems establishment costs and excess pension
charges) and related expenses for such period shall, in each case, be excluded,

(23) 

(b)the
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles during such period to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income shall be
excluded,

(c)any
fees and expenses incurred during such period (including, without limitation, any premiums, make-whole or penalty payments), or any amortization
thereof for such period, in connection with any acquisition, investment, asset disposition, issuance or repayment of debt, issuance of
equity securities, refinancing transaction or amendment or other modification of any debt instrument (in each case, including any such
transaction consummated on or prior to the Closing Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed) and any charges or non-recurring
merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such transaction, in each case for any such fee, expense, charge or cost
whether or not successful (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the effects of expensing all transaction-related expenses in accordance
with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 805 and gains or losses associated with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 460) shall
be excluded,

(d)accruals
and reserves that are established or adjusted within eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date that are so required to be established
as a result of the Transactions (or within eighteen (18) months after the closing of any acquisition that are so required to be established
as a result of such acquisition) in accordance with GAAP shall be excluded,

(e)any
net after-tax gains or losses on abandoned, disposed of or discontinued operations shall be excluded,

(f)any
net after-tax effect of gains or losses (less all fees, expenses and charges relating thereto) attributable to asset dispositions or
abandonments or the sale or other disposition of any Equity Interests of any Person in each case other than in the ordinary course of
business, as determined in good faith by the Lead Borrower, shall be excluded,

(g)the
net income (loss) for such period of any Person that is not a Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower, or is an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or that
is accounted for by the equity method of accounting, shall be excluded; provided that Consolidated Net Income of the Lead Borrower
shall be increased by the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments that are actually paid in cash or Cash Equivalents (or
to the extent subsequently converted into cash or Cash Equivalents) to the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof in respect
of such period or a prior period,

(h)any
impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down, including impairment charges or asset write-offs or write-downs related to intangible
assets, long-lived assets, investments in debt and equity securities or as a result of a change in law or regulation, in each case, pursuant
to GAAP, and the amortization of intangibles arising pursuant to GAAP shall be excluded,

(i)any
non-cash compensation charge or expense, including any such charge or expense arising from the grants of stock appreciation or similar
rights, stock options, restricted stock or other rights or equity incentive programs or any other equity-based compensation shall be
excluded,

(j)any
expenses, charges or losses that are covered by indemnification or other reimbursement provisions in connection with any Investment,
Permitted Acquisition or any sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement, to the extent
actually reimbursed or with respect to which the Lead Borrower has made a determination that a reasonable basis exists for indemnification
or reimbursement (but only to the extent that such amount is in fact indemnified or reimbursed within 365 days of such determination)
shall be excluded (with a deduction in the applicable future period of any amount so excluded to the extent not so indemnified or reimbursed
within such 365 days),

(24) 

(k)to
the extent covered by insurance and actually reimbursed or with respect to which the Lead Borrower has made a determination that there
exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer (but only to the extent that such amount is in
fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such determination), expenses, charges or losses with respect to liability or casualty
events or business interruption shall be excluded (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any amount so excluded to the
extent not so reimbursed within such 365 days),

(l)any
net pension or other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including
amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at
the date of initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 712 and 715, Statement on Financial Accounting Standards Nos.
87, 106 and 112, and any other items of a similar nature, shall be excluded,

(m)the
income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower or is merged into, amalgamated
or consolidated with the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or that Persons assets are acquired by the Lead Borrower
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be excluded (except to the extent required for any calculation of Consolidated EBITDA on
a Pro Forma Basis in accordance with Section 1.10),

(n)any
non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement of the mark-to-market valuation of obligations under Swap Contracts or other derivative
instruments pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 shall be excluded,

(o)any
net after-tax effect of income (or loss) from the early extinguishment, write-off, forgiveness or cancellation of indebtedness or Swap
Contracts or other derivative instruments, and all deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid or other expenses incurred
directly in connection therewith, shall be excluded, and

(p)solely
for the purpose of determining Excess Cash Flow and clause (a) of the definition of Cumulative Credit, the income of any Restricted
Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that is not a Guarantor to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions
by that Restricted Subsidiary of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement,
instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to that Restricted Subsidiary (which has
not been waived) shall be excluded, except (solely to the extent permitted to be paid) to the extent of the amount of dividends or other
distributions actually paid to the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that are Guarantors by such Person during such
period in accordance with such documents and regulations.

There shall be excluded from
Consolidated Net Income for any period the acquisition accounting effects of adjustments in component amounts required or permitted by
GAAP (including in the inventory, property and equipment, fair value of leased property, software, goodwill, intangible assets, in-process
research and development, deferred revenue, deferred rent, contingent considerations and debt line items thereof) and related authoritative
pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries), as a result
of the Transactions, any acquisition consummated prior to or after the Closing Date, any Permitted Acquisitions or other Investments,
or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof.

(25) 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
for the purpose of the definition of Cumulative Credit only (other than clause (e) and (f) thereof), there
shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income any income arising from any sale or other disposition of Investments made by the Lead
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, any repurchases and redemptions of Investments from the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries,
any repayments of loans and advances which constitute Investments by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, any sale
of the stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any distribution or dividend from an Unrestricted Subsidiary, in each case only to the
extent such amounts increase the amount of Restricted Payments permitted under the definition of Cumulative Credit pursuant
to clause (e) and (f) thereof.

Consolidated Secured
Net Debt means, as of any date of determination, (1) any Indebtedness described in clause (a) of the definition
of Consolidated Total Net Debt outstanding on such date (other than any consolidated debt of a Restricted Subsidiary that
is not the Co-Borrower or a Guarantor and is not secured by any assets of any Loan Party) minus (2) the aggregate amount
of cash and Cash Equivalents (other than Restricted Cash) that would be reflected on a balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries as of such date (other than nonconsensual Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and Liens permitted by Section 7.01(a),
Section 7.01(b), clauses (ii) and (iii) of Section 7.01(l), Section 7.01(p), Section 7.01(q),
Section 7.01(s), Section 7.01(w), Section 7.01(x), Section 7.01(dd), Section 7.01(ee),
Section 7.01(ff) and Section 7.01(gg)Section 7.01(hh));
provided that Consolidated Secured Net Debt shall not include Indebtedness in respect of (i) letters of credit, except to
the extent of unreimbursed amounts thereunder (provided that any unreimbursed amount under commercial letters of credit shall
not be included as Consolidated Total Net Debt until three (3) Business Days after such amount is drawn), (ii) Unrestricted
Subsidiaries and (iii) any Permitted Securitizations; it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that obligations under Swap
Contracts do not constitute Consolidated Secured Net Debt.

Consolidated Total
Net Debt means, as of any date of determination, (a) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower
and its Restricted Subsidiaries outstanding on such date, in an amount that would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such
date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (but excluding the effects of any discounting of Indebtedness resulting from the
application of acquisition accounting in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or any other acquisition constituting an Investment
permitted under this Agreement), consisting of Indebtedness for borrowed money, Attributable Indebtedness, debt obligations evidenced
by promissory notes or similar instruments and all Guarantees of the foregoing (with Indebtedness in respect of any Revolving Credit
Commitments being calculated based on the daily average outstanding amount of Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans during the
four-quarter fiscal period of the Lead Borrower most recently ended as of such date) minus (b) the aggregate amount of cash
and Cash Equivalents (other than Restricted Cash) that would be reflected on a balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries as of such date (other than nonconsensual Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and Liens permitted by Section 7.01(a),
Section 7.01(b), clauses (ii) and (iii) of Section 7.01(l), Section 7.01(p), clauses (i) and
(ii) of Section 7.01(q), Section 7.01(s), Section 7.01(w), Section 7.01(x), Section 7.01(dd),
Section 7.01(ee), Section 7.01(ff) and Section 7.01(gg)Section 7.01(hh));
provided that Consolidated Total Net Debt shall not include Indebtedness in respect of (i) letters of credit, except to the
extent of unreimbursed amounts thereunder (provided that any unreimbursed amount under commercial letters of credit shall not
be included as Consolidated Total Net Debt until three (3) Business Days after such amount is drawn), (ii) Unrestricted Subsidiaries
and (iii) any Permitted Securitizations; it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that obligations under Swap Contracts
do not constitute Consolidated Total Net Debt.

Consolidated Working
Capital means, with respect to the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at any date of determination,
Current Assets at such date of determination minus Current Liabilities at such date of determination; provided, that, increases
or decreases in Consolidated Working Capital shall be calculated without regard to any changes in Current Assets or Current Liabilities
as a result of (a) any reclassification in accordance with GAAP of assets or liabilities, as applicable, between current and noncurrent,
(b) the effects of acquisition accounting or (c) any fluctuation in currency exchange rates.

(26) 

Contractual Obligation
means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to
which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person,
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled
have meanings correlative thereto.

Credit Extension
means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension.

Cure
Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04.

Cure
Expiration Date has the meaning set forth in Section 8.04.

Cumulative Credit
means, at any date, an amount, not less than zero in the aggregate, determined on a cumulative basis equal to, without duplication:

(a)50%
of Consolidated Net Income for the period (treated as one accounting period) from January 1, 2013 to the end of the most recent
fiscal quarter ending prior to such date of determination for which internal consolidated financial statements of the Lead Borrower are
available (or, in the case such Consolidated Net Income is a deficit, minus 100% of such deficit); plus

(b)100%
of the aggregate Net Proceeds and net Cash Equivalent proceeds and the fair market value of property or assets or marketable securities
(solely to the extent such property, assets or marketable securities have been converted into cash or Cash Equivalents), in each case
received by the Lead Borrower from the issue or sale of its Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) or as a result
of a merger or consolidation (the consideration for which is Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of the Lead
Borrower) with another Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary of Holdings subsequent to January 1, 2013 or otherwise contributed
to the equity (other than through the issuance of Disqualified Equity Interests) of the Lead Borrower (including pursuant to the Initial
Public Offering) subsequent to January 1, 2013 (other than (i) any amounts used to incur Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.03(w),
(ii) Net Proceeds, net Cash Equivalent proceeds or property or assets or marketable securities received from an issuance or sale
of such Lead Borrower to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Lead Borrower or any
Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower for the benefit of their employees to the extent funded by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary,
and (iii) any
amounts designated as a Cure Amount and (iv) Excluded Contributions); plus

(c)100%
of the aggregate Net Proceeds and net Cash Equivalent proceeds and the fair market value of property or assets or marketable securities
(solely to the extent such property, assets or marketable securities have been converted into cash or Cash Equivalents), in each case
received by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from the issuance or sale (other than to the Lead Borrower or a Restricted
Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Lead Borrower or any Subsidiary of the
CompanyLead Borrower
for the benefit of its employees to the extent funded by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) by the Lead Borrower or any
Restricted Subsidiary subsequent to January 1, 2013 of any Indebtedness or Disqualified Equity Interests that has been converted
into or exchanged for Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower or any Parent (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) plus, without
duplication, the amount of cash and net Cash Equivalent proceeds, and the fair market value of property or assets or marketable securities
(solely to the extent such property, assets or marketable securities have been converted into cash or Cash Equivalent), in each case
received by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary upon such conversion or exchange; plus

(27) 

(d)Borrower
Retained Prepayment Amounts; plus

(e)100%
of the aggregate amount of net cash and Cash Equivalent proceeds and the fair market value of property or assets or marketable securities
(solely to the extent such property, assets or marketable securities have been converted into cash or Cash Equivalents), in each case
received by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, by means of: (i) the sale or other Disposition (other than to the Lead
Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary of Holdings) of, or other returns on Investments from, Restricted Investments made by the Lead Borrower
or its Restricted Subsidiaries and repurchases and redemptions of such Restricted Investments from the Lead Borrower or its Restricted
Subsidiaries and repayments of loans or advances, and releases of guarantees, which constitute Restricted Investments by the Lead Borrower
or its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case after January 1, 2013; or (ii) the sale (other than to the Lead Borrower or a
Restricted Subsidiary) of the stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary or a dividend or distribution from an Unrestricted Subsidiary after
January 1, 2013, in each case limited to the portion of such amount, if any, that exceeds the aggregate amount of Investments in
such Subsidiary (including any Investment deemed to have been made at the time of the designation of any such Subsidiary as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary) made by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries at the time of such sale, Disposition, return, repurchase,
repayment, sale of stock, dividend or distribution; plus

(f)in
the case of the redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or the merger, amalgamation or consolidation of
an Unrestricted Subsidiary into the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets
of an Unrestricted Subsidiary to the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary after January 1, 2013, the fair market value of the
Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary (or the assets transferred), as determined in good faith by the Lead Borrower at the time
of the redesignation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or at the time of such merger, amalgamation or consolidation
or transfer of assets (after taking into consideration any Indebtedness associated with the Unrestricted Subsidiary so designated or
merged or consolidated or Indebtedness associated with the assets so transferred), in each case limited to the portion of such amount,
if any, that exceeds the aggregate amount of Investments in such Subsidiary (including any Investment deemed to have been made at the
time of the designation of such Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary) made by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
at the time of such redesignation, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or transfer;

(g)[reserved];

(h)any
amount of the Cumulative Credit used to make Restricted Payments pursuant to Section 7.06(h) after the Closing Date
and prior to such time; minus

(i)any
amount of the Cumulative Credit used to make payments or distributions in respect of Junior Financings pursuant to Section 7.13
after the Closing Date and prior to such time.

Current Assets
means, with respect to the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at any date of determination, all assets
(other than cash and Cash Equivalents) that would, in accordance with GAAP, be classified on a consolidated balance sheet of the Lead
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as current assets at such date of determination, other than amounts related to current or deferred
Taxes based on income or profits, assets held for sale, loans (permitted) to third parties, pension assets, deferred bank fees and derivative
financial instruments.

(28) 

Current Liabilities
means, with respect to the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at any date of determination, all liabilities
that would, in accordance with GAAP, be classified on a consolidated balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
as current liabilities at such date of determination, other than (a) the current portion of any Indebtedness and derivative financial
instruments, (b) the current portion of accrued interest, (c) accruals for current or deferred Taxes based on income or profits,
(d) accruals of any costs or expenses related to restructuring reserves or severance, (e) any other liabilities that are not
Indebtedness and will not be settled in cash or Cash Equivalents during the next succeeding twelve (12) month period after such date,
(f) any Revolving Credit Exposure or Revolving Credit Loans or any loans or letters of credit under any other revolving facility,
(g) liabilities in respect of unpaid acquisition, disposition or refinancing related expenses, deferred purchase price holdbacks
and earn-out obligations, (h) accrued litigation settlement costs, (i) non-cash compensation costs and expenses and (j) the
current portion of any other long-term liabilities.

DBNY
means Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, in its individual capacity, and any successor thereto by merger, consolidation or otherwise.

Debtor Relief Laws
means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of
creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, examinership, insolvency, winding up, reorganization or similar debtor relief Laws
of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.

Declined Proceeds
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b)(vii).

Default
means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both,
would be an Event of Default.

Default Rate
means an interest rate equal to (a) the Base Rate plus (b) the Applicable Margin, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans
plus (c) 2.00% per annum; provided that, with respect to a Benchmark Rate Loan and
a 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B), the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any
Applicable Margin) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2.00% per annum, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
Laws.

Defaulting Lender
means, subject to Section 2.19(b), any Lender that, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent (a) has refused
(which refusal may be given verbally or in writing and has not been retracted) or failed to perform any of its funding obligations hereunder,
including in respect of its Loans or participations in respect of L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans, which refusal or failure is not
cured within one Business Day after the date of such refusal or failure, (b) has notified the Lead Borrower or Administrative Agent
that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding
obligations hereunder or under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days
after request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that it will comply with its
funding obligations (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt
of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent
company that has, after the date of this Agreement, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had
a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization
or liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed for it, (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action or (iv) taken
any action in furtherance of, or indicated its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment; provided
that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender
or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or
provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs
of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts
or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one
or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall
be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.19(b)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to
the Lead Borrower, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender and each Lender.

(29) 

Designated Real
Property means any real property owned or leased by any Loan Party as of the Closing Date that is located in the Federal Republic
of Germany or Switzerland.

Disposition
or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction
and any sale or issuance of Equity Interests in a Restricted Subsidiary) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment,
transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith;
provided that the issuance of Equity Interests by Holdings shall not constitute a Disposition by Holdings.

Disqualified Equity
Interests means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which
it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily
redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests or solely at the direction of the issuer), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation
or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale, so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence
of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that
are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than
solely for Qualified Equity Interests), in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is
or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity
Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date; provided that if such Equity
Interests are issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit of employees of the Lead Borrower (or any Parent) or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because it may
be required to be repurchased by the Lead Borrower or if its Restricted Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory
obligations or as a result of such employees termination, death or disability.

Disqualified Institution
means those Persons (the list of all such Persons, the Disqualified Institutions List) that are (i) identified
in writing by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent prior to the date hereof, (ii) competitors of the Lead Borrower and
its Subsidiaries (other than bona fide fixed income investors or debt funds) that are identified in writing by the Lead Borrower from
time to time or (iii) Affiliates of such Persons set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above (in the case of Affiliates
of such Persons set forth in clause (ii) above, other than bona fide fixed income investors or debt funds) that are either
(a) identified in writing by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent from time to time or (b) clearly identifiable on
the basis of such Affiliates name; provided, that, to the extent Persons are identified as Disqualified Institutions in
writing by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent after the Closing Date pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii)(a), the inclusion
of such Persons as Disqualified Institutions shall not retroactively apply to prior assignments or participations in respect of any Loan
under this Agreement. Until the disclosure of the identity of a Disqualified Institution to the Lenders generally by the Administrative
Agent in writing, such Person shall not constitute a Disqualified Institution for purposes of a sale of a participation in a Loan (as
opposed to an assignment of a Loan) by a Lender; provided, that no disclosure of the Disqualified Institutions List (or the identity
of any Person that constitutes a Disqualified Institution), in part or in full, to the Lenders shall be made by the Administrative Agent
without the prior written consent of the Lead Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lead Borrower, by written notice to the Administrative
Agent, may from time to time in its sole discretion remove any entity from the Disqualified Institutions List (or otherwise modify such
list to exclude any particular entity), and such entity removed or excluded from the Disqualified Institutions List shall no longer be
a Disqualified Institution for any purpose under this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(30) 

Disqualified Institutions
List has the meaning as set forth in the definition of Disqualified Institutions.

Dollar
and $ mean lawful money of the United States.

Dollar Amount
means, at any time:

(a)with
respect to any Loan denominated in Dollars (including, with respect to any Swing Line Loan, any funded participation therein), the principal
amount thereof then outstanding (or in which such participation is held);

(b)with
respect to any Loan denominated in Euros, the Dollar Equivalent of the principal amount thereof then outstanding in Euros; and

(c)with
respect to any L/C Obligation (or any risk participation therein), (A) if denominated in Dollars, the amount thereof and (B) if
denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Dollar Equivalent of the amount thereof.

Dollar Equivalent
means, on any date of determination, with respect to any amount in a currency other than Dollars, the equivalent in Dollars of such amount,
determined by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.12 using the Exchange Rate with respect to such currency at
the time in effect in accordance with the provisions of Section 1.12.

Domestic Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary that is organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

ECF Prepayment
Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b)(i).

EEA Financial Institution
means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of
an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in
clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary
of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution
Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA
Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Eligible Assignee
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(a). For the avoidance of doubt, Eligible Assignee shall not include
any Disqualified Institution identified by the Lead Borrower prior to the effective date of any assignment under Section 10.07.

EMU Legislation
means the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or operation of a single or unified European
currency.

(31) 

Environment
means indoor air, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, land surface, subsurface strata, and natural resources such
as wetlands, flora and fauna.

Environmental Laws
means any applicable Law, including common law, relating to the prevention of pollution or the protection of the environment and natural
resources, or to the protection of human health and safety as it relates to the environment.

Environmental Liability
means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of investigation and remediation, fines, penalties
or indemnities) directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law or any Environmental
Permit, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure
to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the Environment or (e) any
contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

Environmental Permit
means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required by any Environmental Law.

Equity Interests
means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares, interests, rights, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of
capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests or units in) such Person and all of the warrants, options or other rights for
the purchase, acquisition or exchange from such Person of any of the foregoing (including through convertible securities).

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings
issued thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate
means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is under common control with a Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary
within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA.

ERISA Event
means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by a Loan Party, any Restricted Subsidiary
or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer
(as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of
ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by a Loan Party, any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer
Plan, the insolvency under Title IV of ERISA of any Multiemployer Plan, or the receipt of any Loan Party, Restricted Subsidiary or any
ERISA Affiliate, of any notice that a Multiemployer Plan is in endangered or critical status under Section 305 of ERISA; (d) the
filing of a notice of intent to terminate any Pension Plan, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Sections
4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) an
event or condition which would reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of,
or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) the failure to make a required contribution
to any Pension Plan that would result in the imposition of a lien or other encumbrance on a Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary or the
provision of security under Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 or 4068 of ERISA by a Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary,
or the arising of such a lien or encumbrance, there being or arising any unpaid minimum required contribution or accumulated
funding deficiency (as defined or otherwise set forth in Section 4971 of the Code or Part 3 of Subtitle B of Title I
of ERISA), whether or not waived, the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code, whether or not
waived, or a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is reasonably expected to be, in at-risk status under Title IV of ERISA; (g) the
occurrence of a nonexempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) with
respect to a Pension Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in liability to a Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary; or
(h) the incurring of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007
of ERISA, by a Loan Party, any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate.

(32) 

EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as
in effect from time to time.

Euros
and EUR mean the lawful currency of the Participating Member States introduced in accordance with the EMU Legislation.

Event of Default
has the meaning specified in Section 8.01.

Excess Cash Flow
means, for any period, an amount equal to

(a)the
sum, without duplication, of

(i)Consolidated
Net Income for such period,

(ii)an
amount equal to the amount of all non-cash charges for such period to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income,
but excluding any such non-cash charges representing an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period,

(iii)decreases
in Consolidated Working Capital and long-term account receivables for such period (other than any such decreases arising from acquisitions
or dispositions by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries completed during such period or the application of acquisition accounting)
and

(iv)an
amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash loss on Dispositions by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period
(other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income;

minus

(b)the
sum, without duplication, of

(i)an
amount equal to the amount of all non-cash credits included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income (but excluding any non-cash credit
to the extent representing the reversal of an accrual or reserve described in clause (a)(ii) above) and cash charges, losses
and expenses excluded in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income by virtue of clauses (a) through (o) of the definition
of Consolidated Net Income,

(ii)without
duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (xi) below in prior fiscal years, the amount of Capital Expenditures, acquisitions
and other Investments of intellectual property to the extent not expensed or accrued during such period, to the extent that such Capital
Expenditures, acquisitions or other Investments, as the case may be, were financed with Internally Generated Cash,

(iii)the
aggregate amount of all principal payments of Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (including (A) the
principal component of payments in respect of Capitalized Leases and (B) the amount of any scheduled repayment of Term Loans pursuant
to Section 2.07(a) and any mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(ii), to the extent required
due to a Disposition or Casualty Event that resulted in an increase to Consolidated Net Income and not in excess of the amount of such
increase, but excluding (X) all voluntary prepayments of Term Loans and (Y) all prepayments of Revolving Credit Loans and Swing
Line Loans) made during such period, to the extent financed with Internally Generated Cash,

(33) 

(iv)an
amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash gain on Dispositions by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period
(other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income,

(v)increases
in Consolidated Working Capital and long-term account receivables for such period (other than any such increases arising from acquisitions
or dispositions by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries completed during such period or the application of acquisition accounting),

(vi)cash
payments by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period in respect of long-term liabilities of the Lead
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries other than Indebtedness,

(vii)the
amount of Investments and acquisitions made during such period pursuant to the definition of Permitted Investment (other
than clauses (a)(i), (c), (d), (g), (h), (j), (k), (l), (o), (p), (q), (r), (w), (x) or (y) thereof) to the extent that such
Investments and acquisitions were financed with Internally Generated Cash,

(viii)the
amount of Restricted Payments paid during such period pursuant to 7.06(f), (g), (h), (i), (j) and
(k), to the extent such Restricted Payments were financed with Internally Generated Cash,

(ix)the
aggregate amount of expenditures actually made by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in cash during such period (including
expenditures for the payment of financing fees) to the extent that such expenditures are not expensed during such period,

(x)the
aggregate amount of any premium, make-whole or penalty payments actually paid in cash by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
during such period that are required to be made in connection with any prepayment of Indebtedness,

(xi)without
duplication of amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow pursuant to clause (b)(ii) above and at the option of the Lead Borrower,
the aggregate consideration required to be paid in cash by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts
or executed letters of intent (the Contract Consideration) entered into prior to or during such period relating
to Capital Expenditures, acquisitions, other Investments or acquisitions of intellectual property to the extent not expensed and expected
to be consummated or made, in each case during the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Lead Borrower following the end
of such period, provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of Internally Generated Cash actually utilized to finance such
Capital Expenditure, acquisition, other Investment or acquisitions of intellectual property during such period of four (4) consecutive
fiscal quarters is less than the Contract Consideration, the amount of such shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash
Flow at the end of such period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters,

(xii)the
amount of cash taxes (including penalties and interest) or the tax reserves set aside in a prior period, in each case to the extent paid
in cash in such period to the extent they exceed the amount of tax expense deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period,

(34) 

(xiii)cash
expenditures in respect of Swap Contracts during such fiscal year to the extent not deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income,

(xiv)any
payment of cash to be amortized or expensed over a future period and recorded as a long-term asset,

(xv)any
restructuring expenses, pension payments or tax contingency payments, in each case made in cash during such period to the extent such
payments exceed the amount of restructuring expenses, pension payments or tax contingency payments, as the case may be, that were deducted
in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period,

(xvi)reimbursable
or insured expenses incurred during such fiscal year to the extent that reimbursement has not yet been received and

(xvii)cash
expenditures for costs and expenses in connection with acquisitions or Investments, dispositions and the issuance of equity interests
or Indebtedness to the extent not deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income.

Notwithstanding anything
in the definition of any term used in the definition of Excess Cash Flow to the contrary, all components of Excess Cash Flow shall be
computed for the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exchange
Offer means the exchange of the Borrowers 2029 Notes for new second lien notes issued under the Super HoldCo Second Lien
Indenture.

Exchange Rate
shall mean on any day, for purposes of determining the Dollar Equivalent of any other currency, the rate at which such other currency
may be exchanged into Dollars as set forth at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such day on the Reuters ECB page 37 for
such currency. In the event that such rate does not appear on the Reuters ECB page 37, the Exchange Rate shall be determined by
reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and
the Lead Borrower, or, in the absence of such an agreement, such Exchange Rate shall instead be the arithmetic average of the spot rates
of exchange of the Administrative Agent in the market where its foreign currency exchange operations in respect of such currency are
then being conducted, at or about 10:00 a.m. in such market on such date for the purchase of Dollars for delivery two (2) Business
Days later; provided that if at the time of any such determination, for any reason, no such spot rate is being quoted, the Administrative
Agent may use any reasonable method it deems appropriate to determine such rate, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest
error.

(35) 

Excluded Assets
means (i) any fee owned Real Property (other than Material Real Properties) and any leasehold interest (it being understood there
shall be no requirement to obtain any landlord waivers, estoppels or collateral access letters), (ii) motor vehicles, aircraft and
other assets subject to certificates of title, except to the extent a security interest therein can be perfected by the filing of a UCC
financing statement (or the equivalent thereof), (iii) commercial tort claims below $10,000,000, (iv) governmental licenses
or state or local franchises, charters and authorizations and any other property and assets to the extent that the Administrative Agent
may not validly possess a security interest therein under applicable laws (including, without limitation, rules and regulations
of any governmental authority or agency) or the pledge or creation of a security interest in which would require governmental consent,
approval, license or authorization, other than (A) to the extent such limitation is rendered ineffective under the UCC or other
applicable law notwithstanding such limitation and (B) proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed
effective under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding such limitation, (v) any particular asset or right under contract,
if the pledge thereof or the security interest therein is prohibited or restricted by applicable law, rule or regulation (including
any requirement thereunder to obtain the consent of any governmental or regulatory authority), or third party (i.e., other than the Holdcos,
the Borrowers or any of their respective Subsidiaries), so long as any agreement with such third party that provides for such prohibition
or restriction was not entered into in contemplation of the acquisition of such assets or entering into of such contract or for the purpose
of creating such prohibition or restriction, other than (A) to the extent such prohibition or restriction is rendered ineffective
under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition or restriction and (B) proceeds and receivables thereof,
the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition or restriction,
(vi) (A) margin stock, (B) Equity Interests in any Unrestricted Subsidiaries and (C) Equity Interests in any non-wholly
owned Restricted Subsidiaries and any entities which do not constitute Subsidiaries, but only to the extent that (x) the organizational
documents or other agreements with other equity holders of such non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary or other entity do not permit
or restrict the pledge of such Equity Interests (to the extent such restriction exists on the Closing Date or on the date of acquisition
of such non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary or the Equity Interests in such entity so long as such restriction was not entered into
in contemplation of the acquisition of such Equity Interests), or (y) the pledge of such Equity Interests (including any exercise
of remedies) would result in a change of control, repurchase obligation or other adverse consequence to any of the Loan Parties or such
non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary or other entity, (vii) any lease, license or agreement or any property subject to a purchase
money security interest, capital lease obligations or similar arrangement, in each case, to the extent the grant of a security interest
therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or purchase money or similar arrangement or create a right of termination
in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Holdcos, the Borrowers or any subsidiarySubsidiary
of the Lead Borrower), other than (A) to the extent such provision is rendered ineffective under the UCC or other applicable
law notwithstanding such provision and (B) proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective
under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding such provisions, (viii) any property or assets for which the creation or perfection
of pledges of, or security interests in such property or assets pursuant to the Loan Documents would result in material adverse tax consequences
to the Holdcos, the Lead Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries, as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower in consultation with the
Administrative Agent, (ix) letter of credit rights, except to the extent constituting supporting obligations for other Collateral
as to which perfection of the security interest in such other Collateral is accomplished solely by the filing of a UCC financing statement
(it being understood that no actions shall be required to perfect a security interest in letter of credit rights, other than the filing
of a UCC financing statement), (x) (A) payroll and other employee wage and benefit accounts, (B) tax accounts, including,
without limitation, sales tax accounts, (C) escrow accounts and (D) fiduciary or trust accounts and, in the case of clauses (A) through
(D), the funds or other property held in or maintained in any such account (as long as the accounts described in clauses (A) through
(D) are used solely for such purposes), (xi) any intent-to-use trademark application prior to the filing of a Statement
of Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto, to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period,
if any, in which the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark
application under applicable federal law, (xii) assets in circumstances where the cost, consequences or burden of obtaining a security
interest in such assets, including, without limitation, the cost of title insurance, surveys or flood insurance (if necessary) would
outweigh the practical benefit to the Lenders afforded thereby as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent,
(xiii) any particular assets if it would result in a significant risk to the officers of the relevant grantor of Collateral of contravention
with their fiduciary duties and/or of civil or criminal liability (unless there is customary limitation language agreed between the Lead
Borrower and the Administrative Agent) for the
German Loan Parties in relation to the German Security, including but not limited to, customary limitation language in respect of sections
30 and 31 of the German Limited Liability Companies Act (Gesetz betreffend die Gesellschaften mit beschrnkter Haftung) (GmbHG)),
inter alia, (x) the Swedish Guarantors or (y) the Finnish Parties and (xiv) the Securitization Assets, any
bank account of a Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary into which only Securitization Assets are collected or any bank account of
the Securitization Subsidiary, in each case over which a Lien may be granted in connection with a Permitted Securitization and for only
so long as such bank accounts do not receive or hold funds of a Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary.

(36) 

Excluded Contribution
means Net Proceeds or property or assets received by the Lead Borrower as capital contributions to the equity (other than through the
issuance of Disqualified Equity Interests) of the Lead Borrower after the Closing Date or from the issuance or sale (other than to a
Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Lead Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower
for the benefit of their employees to the extent funded by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of capital stock (other than
Disqualified Equity Interests) of the Lead Borrower, to the extent designated as an Excluded Contribution pursuant to an Officers
Certificate of the Lead Borrower.

Excluded Information
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(a)(vii).

Excluded Subsidiary
means (a) any Subsidiary that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower or a Guarantor, (b) any Subsidiary that
is (and for so long as such Subsidiary is) prohibited by applicable Law (including without limitation as a result of applicable financial
assistance, directors duties or corporate benefit requirements (to the extent that such limitations cannot be addressed through
whitewash or similar procedures or customary limitation language))
or Contractual Obligations existing on the Closing Date (or, in the case of any newly acquired Subsidiary, in existence at the time of
acquisition but not entered into in contemplation thereof) from guaranteeing the Obligations or if guaranteeing the Obligation would
(and for so long as it would) require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization (unless such consent,
approval, license or authorization has been obtained), (c) any Subsidiary where the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower agree
that the cost of obtaining a Guarantee by such Subsidiary would be excessive in light of the practical benefit to the Lenders afforded
thereby, (d) each Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that is not organized in a Qualified Jurisdiction, (e) any not-for-profit
Subsidiaries, (f) any Unrestricted Subsidiaries, (g) any special purpose securitization vehicle (or similar entity), including
any Securitization Subsidiary, (h) any Subsidiary, the obtaining of a Guarantee with respect to which would result in material adverse
tax consequences as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower in
consultation with the Administrative Agent and (i) any Captive Insurance Subsidiary;
provided that no Subsidiary may be an Excluded Subsidiary hereunder if such Subsidiary is not also an Excluded Subsidiary
under, and as defined in, the Superpriority Credit Agreement.

Excluded Swap Obligation
means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Guarantor
of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, as applicable, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is
or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or
the application or official interpretation of any thereof) (a) by virtue of such Guarantors failure to constitute an eligible
contract participant, as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder, at the time the guarantee of (or
grant of such security interest by, as applicable) such Guarantor becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation
or (b) in the case of a Swap Obligation that is subject to a clearing requirement pursuant to section 2(h) of the Commodity
Exchange Act, because such Guarantor is a financial entity, as defined in section 2(h)(7)(C) of the Commodity Exchange
Act, at the time the guarantee of (or grant of such security interest by, as applicable) such Guarantor becomes or would become effective
with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one Swap, such exclusion
shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swaps for which such guarantee or security interest is
or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or
the application or official interpretation of any thereof).

(37) 

Excluded Taxes
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a).

Existing Credit
Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preliminary statements.

Existing Letters
of Credit means any letters of credit outstanding on the Closing Date described in Schedule 1.01B.

Existing Revolver
Tranche has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a).

Extended Revolving
Credit Commitment has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a).

Extending Revolving
Credit Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a)(ii).

Existing Rollover Term Loan
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.14.

Existing Secured
Hedge Agreements means any Secured Hedge Agreement in effect on the Closing Date described in Schedule 1.01F(a).

Existing Senior
Notes has the meaning set forth in the preliminary statements.

Existing Senior
Notes Indenture has the meaning set forth in the preliminary statements.

Expiring
Credit Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(g).

Extended Term Loans
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a)(iii).

Existing Term Loan Tranche
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a).

Extending Term
Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a)(iii).

Existing Treasury
Services Agreements means any Treasury Services Agreement in effect on the Closing Date described in Schedule 1.01F(b).

Extension
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a).

Extension Amendment
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(d).

Extension Election
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(e).

Extension Offer
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a).

Facility
means a given Class of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as the context may require.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Credit Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof,
and any agreement pursuant to the implementation of the above with the United States Internal Revenue Service, the United States government
or any governmental or taxation authority in the United States, including the Agreement between the Government of the United States of
America and the Government of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to Improve International Tax Compliance and with respect to The United States
information reporting provisions commonly known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, and any rules, regulations or guidance enacted
thereunder or official interpretations thereof.

fair market value
means (a) except as otherwise provided in clause (b) below,
with respect to any asset or liability, the fair market value of such asset or liability as determined by the Lead Borrower in good faith
and (b) with respect to Securitization Assets, the current value that would be attributed to such Securitization Assets by an independent
and unaffiliated third party purchasing the Securitization Assets in an arms-length sale transaction, as determined in good faith by
the board of managers (conseil de grance) of, prior to the 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment
Effective Date, Existing Holdings, as general partner of the Lead Borrower and, on and after the 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment Effective
Date, the Lead Borrower.

(38) 

Federal Funds Rate
means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members
of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank on the Business
Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall
be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, (b) if
no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded
upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to DBNY on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative
Agent and (c) if such rate per annum as otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions above is less than zero, then the
Federal Funds Rate shall be deemed to be zero.

Finnish
Business Mortgage means the second-ranking Finnish law governed business mortgage (Fi. yrityskiinnitys) to be provided
by Trinseo Suomi Oy (registration number 2206256-0) under a Collateral Document governed by Finnish law.

Financial
CovenantFinnish Collateral has the meaning
set forth in Section 7.11Section 1.16.

Finnish
Companies Act has the meaning set forth in Section 11.20.

Finnish
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 1.16.

FIRREA
means the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as amended.

First Lien Intercreditor
Agreement means an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit K hereto (which agreement in such
form, or with immaterial changes thereto, the Administrative Agent is authorized to enter into) together with any material changes thereto
which are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and which material changes shall be posted to the Lenders not less than five
(5) Business Days before execution thereof and, if the Required Lenders shall not have objected to such changes within five (5) Business
Days after posting, then the Required Lenders shall be deemed to have agreed that the Administrative Agents entry into such intercreditor
agreement (with such changes) is reasonable and to have consented to such intercreditor agreement (with such changes) and to the Administrative
Agents execution thereof.

First Lien Net
Leverage Ratio means, on any date of determination for any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated First Lien Net
Debt as of the last day of such Test Period to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period.

Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio means, on any date of determination for any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period
to (b) Fixed Charges for such Test Period.

Fixed Charges
means, with respect to any Person for any period, the sum of: (1) Consolidated Interest Expense for such Person for such period,
(2) all cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Preferred Stock
of any Subsidiary of such Person during such period and (3) all cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items eliminated
in consolidation) on any series of Disqualified Equity Interests during such period.

(39) 

Flood Laws
means collectively, (i) National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively revised the National Flood Insurance
Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973) as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the
Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (iii) the Biggert-Waters Flood
Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto.

Floor
means, (i) with respect to any Loan other than the 2023 Term Loans, a rate of interest equal to 0.00% and,
(ii) subject to Section 2.08(hj),
with respect to the 2023 Term Loans, a rate of interest equal to 3.41%.and
(iii) with respect to the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A), a rate of interest equal to 3.00%.

Foreign Pension
Plan means any occupational pension plan, fund (including, without limitation, any superannuation fund) or other similar program
established, contributed to or maintained outside the United States on a voluntary basis by any Loan Party (other than a Luxembourg Loan
Party) or any Restricted Subsidiary, as a single employer or as part of a group of employers, primarily for the benefit of employees
of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary residing outside the United States, which plan, fund or other similar program provides,
retirement income, and which plan is not subject to ERISA or the Code.

Foreign Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.

FRB
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

Fronting Exposure
means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to the L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share
or other applicable share provided under this Agreement of the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to
which such Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance
with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share or other applicable
share provided under this Agreement of Swing Line Loans other than Swing Line Loans as to which such Defaulting Lenders participation
obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof.

Fund
means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans
and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course.

Funded Debt
means all Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for borrowed money that matures more than one year from the
date of its creation or matures within one year from such date that is renewable or extendable, at the option of such Person, to a date
more than one year from such date or arises under a revolving credit or similar agreement that obligates the lender or lenders to extend
credit during a period of more than one year from such date, including Indebtedness in respect of the Loans.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time; provided, however,
that if the Lead Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Lead Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate
the effect of any change occurring after the Closing Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or
if the Administrative Agent notifies the Lead Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such
purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such
provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective
until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.

German Guarantor
means a Guarantor incorporated under the laws of Germany as a GmbH.

(40) 

German Insolvency
Event means (i) that an entity organized in the Federal Republic of Germany is unable to pay its debts as they fall due
within the meaning of Section 17 (Zahlungsunfhigkeit) of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung),
or (ii) an entity organized in the Federal Republic of Germany is overindebted within the meaning of Section 19 (berschuldung)
of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). In addition, German Insolvency Event will include, for any German
Loan Party, a petition for insolvency proceedings in respect of the assets (Antrag auf Erffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens)
of the respective German Loan Party is filed and has not been rejected on the grounds of inadmissibility, unless such filing is frivolous
or without any merit.

German Loan Party
means any Loan Party organized under German Law.

German Security
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01(d).

Global Intercompany
Note means a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit G.

GmbH
means a German limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung).

GmbHG
means the German Limited Liabilities Companies Act (Gesetz betreffend die Gesellschaften mit beschrnkter Haftung).

Governmental Authority
means any nation or government, the European Union, any state, provincial or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority,
instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government.

Granting Lender
has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(j).

Guarantee
means, as to any Person, without duplication, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having
the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary
obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to
purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (ii) to
purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary
obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity
capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable
the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any
other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect
such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness
or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation is assumed by such Person
(or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation to obtain any such Lien); provided
that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case in the ordinary course
of business or consistent with past practice, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered
into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect
to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related
primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably
anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as
a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Guaranteed Obligations
has the meaning specified in Section 11.01.

(41) 

Guarantor Joinder
means a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto.

Guarantors
means each Closing Date Guarantor, those Subsidiaries of Holdings that have issued a Guarantee after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.18
and those Subsidiaries that have issued a Guarantee of the Obligations after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.11.

Guaranty
means, collectively, the guaranty of the Obligations by the Guarantors pursuant to this Agreement.

Hazardous Materials
means all materials, pollutants, contaminants, chemicals, wastes or any other substances, including petroleum or petroleum distillates,
asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, toxic mold, electromagnetic radio frequency or microwave
emissions, that are listed, classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic, or any similar term, pursuant to any Environmental Law.

Hedge Bank
means any Person that is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender either on the Closing Date (with respect to any Existing Hedge Agreement
or Existing Treasury Services Agreement only) or at the time it enters into a Secured Hedge Agreement or a Treasury Services Agreement,
as applicable, in its capacity as a party thereto.

Holdco
means Holdings and any Intermediate Holding Company.

Holdings
means (i) prior to the 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment Effective Date, Trinseo SARL and (ii) on
and after the 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment Effective Date, Successor Holdings.has
the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

Hong Kong
means Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China.

Hong Kong Financial
Assistance Documents means all documents (including all resolutions, notices of meeting and solvency statements) required
to comply with the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the laws of Hong Kong) in connection with the giving of financial assistance by a
Loan Party.

Hong Kong Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower incorporated, organized or established under the laws of Hong Kong.

Honor Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c)(i).

Immaterial Subsidiary
means, at any date of determination, each of the Lead Borrowers Subsidiaries (a) whose total assets (when combined with the
assets of such Subsidiarys Subsidiaries after eliminating intercompany obligations) at the last day of the most recent Test Period
does not exceed 2.5% of Total Assets at such date or (b) whose gross revenues (when combined with the revenues of such Subsidiarys
Subsidiaries, after eliminating intercompany obligations) for such Test Period does not exceed 2.5% of the consolidated gross revenues
of the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP; provided
that (i) if, at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date, Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors solely because they
do not exceed the thresholds set forth in clauses (a) or (b) comprise in the aggregate more than 5.0% of Total Assets
as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Lead Borrower for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant
to Section 6.01 or more than 5.0% of the consolidated gross revenues of the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries
for such period, then the Lead Borrower shall, not later than forty-five (45) days after the date by which financial statements for such
fiscal quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in
its reasonable discretion), (A) designate in writing to the Administrative Agent one or more of such Restricted Subsidiaries that
will no longer constitute Immaterial Subsidiaries such that the foregoing condition ceases to be true and (B) comply with the provisions
of Section 6.11 applicable to Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) no Subsidiary shall constitute an Immaterial Subsidiary
to the extent it Guarantees or is otherwise an obligor with respect to any Indebtedness in a principal amount in excess of the Threshold
Amount; provided further that no Subsidiary may be an Immaterial Subsidiary
hereunder if such Subsidiary is not also an Immaterial Subsidiary under, and as defined in, the Superpriority Credit Agreement.

(42) 

Incremental Amendment
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(f).

Incremental Amendment
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(d).

Incremental Commitments
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a).

Incremental Equivalent
Debt has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(h).

Incremental Facility
Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(b).

Incremental Lenders
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(c).

Incremental Loan
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(b).

Incremental Loan
Request has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a).

Incremental Revolving
Credit Commitments has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a).

Incremental Revolving
Credit Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(c).

Incremental Revolving
Credit Loan has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(b).

Incremental Term
Commitments has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a).

Incremental Term
Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(c).

Incremental Term
Loan has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(b).

Indebtedness
means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following:

(a)all
obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements
or other similar instruments;

(b)the
maximum amount (after giving effect to any prior drawings or reductions which may have been reimbursed) of all outstanding letters of
credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds and similar instruments
issued or created by or for the account of such Person;

(c)net
obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract;

(d)all
obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (i) trade accounts payable in
the ordinary course of business, (ii) any earn-out obligation until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of
such Person in accordance with GAAP and is not paid within thirty (30) days after becoming due and payable and (iii) liabilities
accrued in the ordinary course);

(e)indebtedness
(excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising
under conditional sales or other title retention agreements and mortgage, industrial revenue bond, industrial development bond and similar
financings), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse;

(43) 

(f)all
Attributable Indebtedness;

(g)all
obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Equity Interests to the extent that the foregoing would constitute indebtedness
or a liability in accordance with GAAP; and

(h)to
the extent not otherwise included above, all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing.

For all purposes hereof,
the Indebtedness of any Person shall, in the case of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, exclude all intercompany Indebtedness
having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any roll-over or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business.
The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such
date. The amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (e) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (i) the
aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by
such Person in good faith.

Indemnified Liabilities
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.05.

Indemnified Taxes
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a).

Indemnitees
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.05.

Independent Financial
Advisor means an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing that is, in
the good faith judgment of the Lead Borrower, qualified to perform the task for which it has been engaged and that is independent of
the Lead Borrower and its Affiliates.

Information
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08.

Initial Public
Offering means the initial public offering of 11,500,000 shares of ordinary shares of Trinseo S.A. pursuant to the prospectus
dated June 11, 2014.

Initial Revolving
Credit Commitment means, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, its Revolving Credit Commitment as of the Closing Date, as may
be increased from time to time pursuant to a Revolving Commitment Increase. The aggregate amount of Initial Revolving Credit Commitments
is $375,000,000.

Insolvency Regulation
means Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast) as
amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/2260 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2021.

Intellectual Property
Security Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement.

Intercreditor Agreement
means the 2025 Intercreditor Agreement, any First Lien Intercreditor
Agreement, Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement or Subordination Agreement, collectively, in each case to the extent then in effect.

(44) 

Interest Payment
Date means, (a) as to any Benchmark Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan, any day
on which such Loan is converted into a Base Rate Loan, any day on which payment of principal in respect of such Benchmark Rate Loan is
made (whether as optional or mandatory prepayment or as repayment) and the Maturity Date (whether by acceleration or otherwise) of the
Facility under which such Loan was made; provided that if any Interest Period for a Benchmark Rate Loan exceeds three months,
the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates and, (b) as to any Base Rate Loan (including a Swing Line Loan), the last Business Day of each March, June, September and
December, any day on which payment of principal in respect of such Base Rate Loan is made (whether as optional or mandatory prepayment
or as repayment) and the maturity dateMaturity
Date (whether by acceleration or otherwise) of the Facility under which such Loan was made,
and (c) as to the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B), each February 1, August 1 and the Maturity Date (commencing
August 1, 2025).

Interest Period
means, as to each Benchmark Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Benchmark Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued
as a Benchmark Rate Loan and ending on the date one (1), two (2) (solely with respect to LIBO Rate Loans), three (3) or six
(6) months thereafter or, to the extent agreed by each Lender of such Benchmark Rate Loan, twelve (12) months or, solely with respect
to LIBO Rate Loans, less than one (1) month thereafter, as selected by the Lead Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice; provided
that:

(a)any
Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless
such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day;

(b)any
Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding
day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of
such Interest Period; and

(c)no
Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date;

(d)the
initial Interest Period for the Term B Loans shall commence on the Closing Date and end on September 29, 2017.

Intermediate Holding
Company means (i) Intermediate Holdings, (ii) any wholly-owned
Subsidiary of Holdings that (a) does not own assets other than issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower or a
Parent (other than Topco) and (b) is a Guarantor and (iii) upon satisfaction of the Irish
Finco Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, Irish Finco.

Intermediate
Holdings has the meaning set forth in the introductory
paragraph to this Agreement.

Internally Generated
Cash means, with respect to any Person, funds of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries not constituting (a) proceeds
of the issuance of (or contributions in respect of) Equity Interests of such Person, (b) proceeds of the incurrence of Indebtedness
(other than the incurrence of Revolving Credit Loans or extensions of credit under any other revolving credit or similar facility) by
such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or (c) proceeds of Dispositions and Casualty Events (other than any Disposition
pursuant to Section 7.05(a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (i), (l),
(o), (r) or (s)).

Interpolated Screen
Rate in relation to the LIBO Rate for any Loan, the rate which results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the
rate appearing on the appropriate page of the Reuters screen that displays the ICE Benchmark Administration page (or on any
successor or substitute page of such service) for the longest period (for which that rate is available) which is less than the Interest
Period and (b) the rate appearing on the appropriate page of the Reuters screen that displays the ICE Benchmark Administration
page (or on any successor or substitute page of such service) for the shortest period (for which that rate is available) which
exceeds the Interest Period, each as of approximately 11:00 A.M., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest
Period; provided that, if such interpolated rate is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero.

(45) 

Investment
means, with respect to any Person, all investments by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the form of any direct or
indirect advance, loan or other extensions of credit (other than advances or extensions of credit to customers, suppliers, directors,
officers or employees of any Person in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice, and excluding any debt or extension
of credit represented by a bank deposit other than a time deposit) or capital contribution to (by means of any transfer of cash or other
property to others or any payment for property or services for the account or use of others), or the incurrence of a Guarantee of any
obligation of, or any purchase or acquisition of Equity Interests, Indebtedness or other similar instruments issued by, such other
Persons and all other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared on the basis of GAAP (but excluding,
in the case of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, intercompany loans, advances, or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding
364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business); provided, however,
that endorsements of negotiable instruments and documents in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice will not
be deemed to be an Investment. If the Lead Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary issues, sells or otherwise disposes of any Equity Interests of a Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary such that, after giving
effect thereto, such Person is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary, any Investment by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in
such Person remaining after giving effect thereto will be deemed to be a new Investment at such time.

For purposes of Section 7.06:

(a)Investment
will include the portion (proportionate to the Lead Borrowers equity interest in a Restricted Subsidiary to be designated as an
Unrestricted Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower at the time that
such Restricted Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that upon a redesignation of such
Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Lead Borrower will be deemed to continue to have a permanent Investment in an
Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to (a) the Lead Borrowers Investment in such Subsidiary
at the time of such redesignation less (b) the portion (proportionate to the Borrowers equity interest in such Subsidiary)
of the fair market value of the net assets (as conclusively determined by the Board of Directors of the Lead Borrower in good faith)
of such Subsidiary at the time that such Subsidiary is so re-designated a Restricted Subsidiary; and

(b)any
property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary will be valued at its fair market value at the time of such transfer, in each
case as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Lead Borrower.

The amount of any Investment
outstanding at any time shall be the original cost of such Investment (with the fair market value of such Investment being measured at
the time such Investment is made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value) as reduced by any dividend, distribution,
interest payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount (including in respect of dispositions) received in cash or Cash Equivalents
by a Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such Investment; provided that the aggregate amount of such dividend,
distribution, interest payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount shall not exceed the original amount of such Investment.

Investment Grade
Securities means:

(a)securities
issued or directly and fully Guaranteed or insured by the United States or Canadian government or any agency or instrumentality thereof
(other than Cash Equivalents);

(b)debt
securities or debt instruments with a rating of A or higher from S&P or A3 or higher by Moodys
or the equivalent of such rating by such rating organization or, if no rating of Moodys or S&P then exists, the equivalent
of such rating by any other Nationally Recognized Statistical Ratings Organization, but excluding any debt securities or instruments
constituting loans or advances among the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries; and

(46) 

(c)investments
in any fund that invests exclusively in investments of the type described in clauses (a) and (b) above, which fund may
also hold cash and Cash Equivalents pending investment or distribution.

IP Rights
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.15.

Irish Guarantor
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.14Section 11.13.

Irish
Mobility Regulations means the European Union (Cross-Border Conversions, Mergers and Divisions) Regulations 2023 (as amended).

Irish Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Lead Borrower incorporated under the laws of Ireland.

Irish Transaction
Security means the security and Liens created or expressed to be created under any Collateral Documents governed by Irish
law.

Junior Financing
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.13(a). For the avoidance of doubt, the Senior Notes shall not constitute a Junior
Financing.

Junior Financing
Documentation means any documentation governing any Junior Financing.

Latest Maturity
Date means, at any date of determination and with respect to the specified Loans or Commitments (or in the absence of any
such specification, all outstanding Loans and Commitments hereunder), the latest Maturity Date applicable to any such Loans or Commitments
hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity date of any Extended Term Loan, any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment, any Incremental
Term Loans, any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, any Refinancing Term Loans or any Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments,
in each case as extended in accordance with this Agreement from time to time.

Laws
means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state, regional, provincial and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines,
regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration
thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative
orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority.

L/C Advance
means, with respect to each Revolving Credit Lender, such Lenders funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance
with its Pro Rata Share.

L/C Borrowing
means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made
or refinanced as a Revolving Credit Borrowing.

L/C Credit Extension
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the renewal or increase
of the amount thereof.

L/C Issuer
means DBNYany Lender agreeing
to act in such capacity in accordance with the terms hereof (and for the avoidance of doubt, as of the 2025 Incremental Effective Date,
there are no L/C Issuers hereunder) or any of its affiliates, and any other Lender that becomes an L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(m) or
Section 10.07(l), or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder; provided that, if any Extension or Extensions
of Revolving Credit Commitments is or are effected in accordance with Section 2.18, on the occurrence of the Original Revolving
Credit Maturity Date and on each later date which is or was at any time a Maturity Date with respect to Revolving Credit Commitments
(each, an L/C Issuer/Swing Line Termination Date), each L/C Issuer at such time shall have the right to resign as
an L/C Issuer on, or on any date within twenty (20) Business Days after, the respective L/C Issuer/Swing Line Termination Date, in each
case upon not less than ten (10) days prior written notice thereof to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent and,
in the event of any such resignation and upon the effectiveness thereof, the respective entity so resigning shall retain all of its rights
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents as an L/C Issuer with respect to all Letters of Credit theretofore issued by it (which Letters
of Credit shall remain outstanding in accordance with the terms hereof until their respective expirations) but shall not be required
to issue any further Letters of Credit hereunder. If at any time and for any reason (including as a result of resignations as contemplated
by the last proviso to the preceding sentence), each L/C Issuer has resigned in such capacity in accordance with the preceding sentence,
then no Person shall be an L/C Issuer hereunder obligated to issue Letters of Credit unless and until (and only for so long as) a Lender
(or an affiliate of a Lender) reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower agrees to act as an L/C Issuer
hereunder.

(47) 

L/C Issuer/Swing
Line Termination Date has the meaning set forth in the definition of L/C Issuer.

L/C Obligations
means as at any date of determination, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars
outstanding at such time, (b) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit denominated in Alternative
Currencies outstanding at such time, and (c) the aggregate amount of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings.

Lead Borrower
shall mean (i) prior to the 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment Effective Date, Trinseo Materials and (ii) on
and after 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment Effective Date, Trinseo SARL.

Lender
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement and, as the context requires, includes an L/C Issuer and a
Swing Line Lender, and their respective successors and assigns as permitted hereunder, each of which is referred to herein as a Lender.

Lending Office
means, as to any Lender, such office or offices as such Lender may from time to time notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative
Agent.

Letter of Credit
means any letter of credit issued hereunder. A Letter of Credit may be a commercial letter of credit or a standby letter of credit.

Letter of Credit
Expiration Date means the day that is five (5) Business Days prior to the scheduled Latest Maturity Date then in effect
for the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments (taking into account the Maturity Date of any conditional Participating Revolving
Credit Commitment that will automatically go into effect on or prior to such Maturity Date) (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the
next preceding Business Day).

Letter of Credit
Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $35,000,000 and (b) the aggregate amount of the Participating
Revolving Credit Commitments. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Commitments. For
the avoidance of doubt, as of the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, the Letter of Credit Sublimit is $0.

LIBO Rate
means, for each Interest Period,

(a)in
the case of LIBO Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, the offered rate per annum that appears on the appropriate page of the Reuters
screen that displays the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited rate for deposits in Dollars (for delivery on the first day of such Interest
Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period (or the successor thereto if ICE Benchmark Administration Limited is no longer
making the applicable interest settlement rate available) as of 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) on the day that is two (2) Business
Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (the US LIBOR Screen Rate); provided that, if the
US LIBOR Screen Rate is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. If no such offered rate exists, such rate will be the rate
of interest per annum, as determined by the Administrative Agent, at which deposits of Dollars in immediately available funds are offered
at 11:00 A.M. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the applicable Interest Period to first-class banks in
the London interbank Eurodollar market for such Interest Period for the applicable principal amount on such date of determination; and

(48) 

(b)in
the case of LIBO Rate Loans denominated in Euros, the offered rate per annum that appears on the appropriate page of the Reuters
screen that displays the Global Rate Set Systems Limited rate for deposits in Euros (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period)
with a term equivalent to such Interest Period (or the successor thereto appointed by the European Money Markets Institute, if Global
Rate Set Systems Limited is no longer making the applicable interest settlement rate available) for deposits of Euros of 11:00 A.M. (Brussels,
Belgium time) on the day that is two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (the EURIBOR
Screen Rate); provided that, if the EURIBOR Screen Rate is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. If
no such offered rate exists, such rate will be the rate of interest per annum, as determined by the Administrative Agent, at which deposits
of Euros in immediately available funds are offered at 11:00 A.M. (Brussels, Belgium time) two (2) Business Days prior to the
applicable Interest Period to first-class banks in the European interbank market for such Interest Period for the applicable principal
amount on such date of determination.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the LIBO Rate for the initial Interest Period of the Term B Loans shall be the Interpolated Screen Rate (as such rate is reasonably determined
by the Administrative Agent).

LIBO Rate Loan
means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the LIBO Rate whether denominated in Dollars or in Euros.

Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference,
priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other
title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to Real Property, and any Capitalized Lease having
substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

Limited Condition
Acquisition means any acquisition or similar Investment whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on
obtaining, financing.

Limited Condition
Transaction means (a) any Limited Condition Acquisition and/or (b) any redemption or repayment of Indebtedness requiring
irrevocable notice in advance of such redemption or repayment.

Loan
means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrowers under Article II in the form of a Term Loan, a Revolving Credit
Loan or a Swing Line Loan (including any Incremental Term Loan (including any 2021 Incremental Term Loans and, 2023
Incremental Term Loans and 2025 Incremental Term Loans), any extensions of credit under any Revolving
Commitment Increase, any Incremental Revolving Credit Loan, any Refinancing Term Loans (including any 2023 Refinancing Term Loans), any
Refinancing Revolving Credit Loan (including any 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans), any Extended Term Loans and any extensions
of credit under any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment).

(49) 

Loan Documents
means, collectively, (a) this Agreement, (b) the Notes, (c) the Collateral Documents, (d) the Cashless Settlement
Letter, (e) the 2018 Refinancing Amendment, (f) the 2021 Refinancing Revolver Amendment, (g) the 2023 SOFR Amendment,
(h) the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment, (i) any Refinancing Amendment entered into after the 2023 Incremental and
Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, (j) the 20212025
Incremental Amendment, (k) any Incremental Amendment or any Extension Amendment entered into after 20232025 Incremental
and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, (l) each Request for L/C Issuance, (m) any
other document or instrument designated by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent as
a Loan Document and (n) any other amendment or joinder to this Agreement.

Loan Parties
means, collectively, each Borrower and each Guarantor.

LuxCo Finance
means Trinseo LuxCo Finance SPV S. r.l., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit
limite), organized and established under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard
Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the RCS under number B279526.

LuxCo Merger Transactions
means (a) the transfer by IntermediateTrinseo
Ireland Holdings Limited, an Irish private company, of all
of its Equity Interests in Trinseo Materials to Trinseo SARL, (b) the transfer by Successor Holdings of its entire ownership interest
in LuxCo Finance to Trinseo PLC, a public limited company incorporated in Ireland, (c) the conversion of Trinseo Materials from
a partnership limited by shares (socit en commandite par actions) to a private limited liability company (socit
responsabilit limite), (d) the merger of Trinseo Materials with and into Trinseo SARL, with Trinseo
SARL as the surviving entity and (e) any other transaction, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, conversion or other transaction
consummated in connection therewith.

Luxembourg
means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

Luxembourg Guarantor
means a Guarantor incorporated in Luxembourg or having its centre of main interests (as this term is used in Article 3(1) of
the Insolvency Regulation) in Luxembourg; provided that for purposes of Section 11.13Section 11.12,
it shall mean any Guarantor incorporated in Luxembourg that is a Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower.

Luxembourg Insolvency
Event means, in relation to any entity incorporated and located in Luxembourg or any of its assets, any corporate action,
legal proceedings or other procedure or step in relation to bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, liquidation, composition
with creditors (concordat prventif de faillite), administrative dissolution without liquidation (dissolution
administrative sans liquidation), moratorium or reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled
management (gestion contrle), fraudulent conveyance (actio pauliana), general settlement
with creditors, out-of-court mutual agreement (rorganisation
extra-judiciaire par accord amiable), judicial reorganisation in the form of a stay to enter into a mutual agreement (rorganisation
par sursis accord amiable), judicial reorganisation by collective agreement (rorganisation judiciaire par accord collectif),
judicial reorganisation by transfer of assets or activities (rorganisation judiciaire par transfert sous autorit de
justice), conciliation (conciliation) or protective measures (mesures en vue de prserver les entreprises),
reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally.

Luxembourg Insolvency
Register means the Luxembourg Insolvency Register (Registre de linsolvabilit) held and maintained by the Luxembourg
Trade and Companies Register.

Luxembourg Loan
Party means a Loan Party incorporated in Luxembourg or having its centre of main interests (as this term is used in Article 3(1) of
the Insolvency Regulation) in Luxembourg.

(50) 

Make-Whole Amount
means, (a) as of the date of any 2023
Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event, an amount equal to the excess of (i) the present value at the prepayment date, refinancing
date or acceleration date, as applicable, of (1A)
the principal amount of the 2023 Term Loans subject to the 2023 Yield
Protection Fee times 1.136, plus (2B)
all required remaining scheduled interest payments due on the 2023 Term Loans subject to the 2023
Yield Protection Fee through the 18 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, assuming
that the rate of interest will be equal to the rate of interest in effect on the date of notice of prepayment, refinancing or acceleration,
other than accrued but unpaid interest as of such prepayment, refinancing or acceleration date, plus (3C)
the product of (x) the aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Term Loans subject to such 2023
Yield Protection Fee multiplied by 1.136 and (y) 3.00%, in each case, computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury
Rate plus 50 basis points per annum, over (ii) the outstanding principal amount of such 2023 Term Loan subject to the 2023
Yield Protection Fee as at the applicable date and (b) as of the date of any 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event,
an amount equal to the excess of (i) the present value at the prepayment date, refinancing date or acceleration date, as applicable,
of (A) the principal amount of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) subject to the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee, plus
(B) all required remaining scheduled interest payments due on the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) subject to the 2025 Tranche
A Yield Protection Fee through the 18 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, assuming that the rate of interest
will be equal to the rate of interest in effect on the date of notice of prepayment, refinancing or acceleration, other than accrued
but unpaid interest as of such prepayment, refinancing or acceleration date, plus (C) the product of (x) the aggregate principal
amount of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) subject to such 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee and (y) 3.00%, in each
case, computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points per annum, over (ii) the outstanding principal
amount of such 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) subject to the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee as at the applicable
date.

Management Advances
means loans or advances made to, or Guarantees with respect to loans or advances made to, directors, officers, employees or consultants
of any Holdco, the Borrowers or any Restricted Subsidiary:

(a)(a) in
respect of travel, entertainment or moving-related expenses or other similar expenses or payroll advances incurred in the ordinary course
of business or consistent with past practice or (b) for purposes of funding any such persons purchase of Equity Interests
(or similar obligations) of the Holdcos (or any Parent) or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower;

(b)in
respect of moving-related expenses incurred in connection with any closing or consolidation of any facility or office; or

(c)not
exceeding $10,000,000 in the aggregate outstanding at any time.

Management Stockholders
means the members of management of any Holdco (or any Parent), the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary who are investors in Holdings
or any Parent.

Margin Stock
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U of the FRB.

Master Agreement
has the meaning specified in the definition of Swap Contract.

Material Adverse
Effect means a (a) material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, liabilities (actual or contingent) or
financial condition of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (b) material adverse effect on the ability
of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to fully and timely perform any of their payment obligations under any Loan Document to which
the Lead Borrower or any of the Loan Parties is a party; or (c) material adverse effect on the rights and remedies available to
the Lenders or the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document.

Material Real Property
means any fee-owned Real Property owned by a Loan Party that is (a) located in the United States and has a fair market value in
excess of $10,000,000 (at the Closing Date or, with respect to fee-owned Real Property acquired after the Closing Date, at the time of
acquisition, in each case, as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower in good faith) and (b) located outside of the United States
in a Qualified Jurisdiction and has a fair market value in excess of $15,000,000 (at the Closing Date or, with respect to fee-owned real
property acquired after the Closing Date, at the time of acquisition, in each case, as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower in
good faith); provided that at no time shall any real property located in the Federal Republic of Germany or Switzerland that is
owned by any Loan Party (including any Designated Real Property) be considered Material Real Property.

(51) 

Maturity Date
means (a) [reserved]; (b) with respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans,
the date that is seven (7) years after the 2021 Incremental Amendment Effective Date; (cb)
with respect to the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments the fifth (5th) anniversary of the 2021 Refinancing Revolver Amendment
Effective Date; (dc)
with respect to the 2023 Term Loans, May 3, 2030, (d) with respect
to the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A), May 3, 2030, (e) with respect to the
2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B), May 3, 2030, (f) with respect to any Class of Extended Term Loans or Extended
Revolving Credit Commitments, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Extension Request accepted by the respective Lender
or Lenders, (fg)
with respect to any other Refinancing Term Loans or any other Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments, the final maturity date as specified
in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, (gh)
with respect to any Incremental Loans incurred after the 2021 Incremental Amendment Effective Date or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments,
the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Incremental Amendment and (hi)
with respect to any Replacement Term Loans, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable agreement; provided that, in
each case, if any such day is not a Business Day, the applicable Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately succeeding such
day.

Maximum Rate
has the meaning specified in Section 10.10.

Maximum Securitization
Facility Size means, at any time, with respect to a Permitted Securitization, the aggregate amount that the lenders or purchasers
under such Permitted Securitization are required to fund assuming all conditions to funding are met for the maximum possible amount of
funding committed to be provided under such Permitted Securitization by such lenders or purchasers.

Minimum Extension
Condition has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(c).

MNPI
means, with respect to any Person, information and documentation that is (a) (x) not publicly available if such Person and
its Subsidiaries are public reporting companies or (y) of a type that would not be publicly available (and could not be derived
from publicly available information) if such Person and its Subsidiaries were public reporting companies and (b) material with respect
to such Person, its Subsidiaries or the respective securities of such Person and its Subsidiaries for purposes of United States Federal
and state securities laws, in each case, assuming such laws were applicable to such Person and its Subsidiaries.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Mortgage Policies
has the meaning specified in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

Mortgaged Properties
has the meaning specified in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

Mortgages
means collectively, the deeds of trust, trust deeds, debentures, hypothecs and mortgages made by the Loan Parties in favor or for the
benefit of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties creating and evidencing a Lien on a Mortgaged Property in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and any other mortgages executed and delivered pursuant to Section 6.11,
Section 6.14 and Section 6.18.

(52) 

Multiemployer Plan
means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Loan Party, any Restricted
Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five (5) plan years, has
made or been obligated to make contributions.

Nationally Recognized
Statistical Rating Organization means a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 436
under the Securities Act.

Net Assets
means net assets of the relevant German Guarantor calculated (on the date on which the relevant German Guarantor becomes a party to this
Agreement) in accordance with the principle of orderly bookkeeping (Grundstze ordnungsmiger Buchfhrung)
applying the same accounting principles (Bilanzierungsgrundstze) which have been consistently applied by the relevant German
Guarantor in preparing its unconsolidated balance sheets (Jahresabschluss) (Section 42 GmbHG, Sections 242, 264 German Commercial
Code (Handelsgesetzbuch)) in the previous years, save that the following balance sheet items shall be adjusted as follows: (i) as
far as the registered share capital was not paid in full, the amount not paid in shall be deducted from the amount of the registered
share capital of that German Guarantor; (ii) loans provided to the relevant German Guarantor by a member of the Group shall be disregarded,
if and to the extent that such loans were subordinated pursuant to Section 39 paragraph 1 Nr. 5 or Section 39 paragraph 2 of
the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) (or would be subordinated in case of insolvency) and (iii) financial liabilities
incurred by that German Guarantor in breach of the Loan Documents shall not be taken into account as liabilities.

Net Proceeds
means:

(a)100%
of the cash proceeds actually received by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (including any cash payments received
by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise
and including casualty insurance settlements and condemnation awards, but in each case only as and when received) from any Disposition
or Casualty Event, net of (i) attorneys fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance
premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, required debt payments and required
payments of other obligations (including without limitation principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts)
(other than pursuant to the Loan Documents), other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred
in connection therewith, (ii) in the case of any Disposition or Casualty Event by a non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary, the
pro rata portion of the Net Proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (ii)) attributable to minority interests
and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Lead Borrower or a wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary as a result thereof,
(iii) taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof, and (iv) the amount of any reasonable reserve established
in accordance with GAAP against any adjustment to the sale price or any liabilities (other than any taxes deducted pursuant to clause (i) above)
(x) related to any of the applicable assets and (y) retained by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries including,
without limitation, pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or against
any indemnification obligations (however, the amount of any subsequent reduction of such reserve (other than in connection with a payment
in respect of any such liability) shall be deemed to be Net Proceeds of such Disposition or Casualty Event occurring on the date of such
reduction); provided, that, if no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (f) or (g) exists
and the Lead Borrower intends in good faith to use any portion of such proceeds to acquire, maintain, develop, construct, improve, upgrade
or repair assets useful in the business of the Lead Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries or to make Permitted Acquisitions, in each
case within 540 days of such receipt, such portion of such proceeds shall not constitute Net Proceeds except to the extent not, within
540 days of such receipt, so used or contractually committed to be so used (it being understood that if any portion of such proceeds
are not so used within such 540 day period but within such 540 day period are contractually committed to be used, then upon the termination
of such contract or if such Net Proceeds are not so used within the later of such 540 day period and 180 days from the entry into such
contractual commitment, such remaining portion shall constitute Net Proceeds as of the date of such termination or expiry without giving
effect to this proviso; it being understood that such proceeds shall constitute Net Proceeds notwithstanding any reinvestment notice
if there is an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (f) or (g) continuing at the time of a proposed
reinvestment unless such proposed reinvestment is made pursuant to a binding commitment entered into at a time when no Event of Default
under Section 8.01(a), (f) or (g) was continuing); provided, further, that no proceeds
realized in a single transaction or series of related transactions shall constitute Net Proceeds under this clause (a) unless
(x) such proceeds shall exceed $35,000,000 or (y) the aggregate net proceeds exceed $50,000,000 in any fiscal year (and thereafter
only net cash proceeds in excess of such amount shall constitute Net Proceeds under this clause (a)); provided, further,
that with respect to Dispositions of property or assets elected by the Lead Borrower the Net Proceeds of which do not exceed $300,000,000
in the aggregate during the term of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, no prepayment under Section 2.05(b)(ii) shall be
required;

(53) 

(b)100%
of the cash proceeds from the incurrence, issuance or sale by the Lead Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness,
net of all taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof and fees (including investment banking fees and discounts),
commissions, costs and other expenses, in each case incurred in connection with such issuance or sale; and

(c)100%
of the cash proceeds from the issuance or sale of Equity Interests in Holdings or the Lead Borrower, net of all taxes paid or reasonably
estimated to be payable as a result thereof and fees (including investment banking fees and discounts), commissions, costs and other
expenses, in each case incurred in connection with such issuance or sale.

For purposes of calculating
the amount of Net Proceeds, fees, commissions and other costs and expenses payable to the Lead Borrower shall be disregarded.

Net Raw Material
Timing means an adjustment (positive or negative) to Consolidated EBITDA equal to the difference of (a) Consolidated
EBITDA as determined in accordance with the first-in-first-out method of accounting minus (b) Consolidated EBITDA
as determined in accordance with the replacement cost method of accounting, computed by adjusting cost of sales to reflect
the cost of raw material prices during the applicable period; plus (c) an amount (positive or negative) equal to the difference
in revenue between the current contractual price and the current period price.

Non-Consenting
Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 3.07(d).

Non-Defaulting
Lender means, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender.

Non-extension Notice
Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii).

Non-Loan Party
means any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party.

Note
means a Term Note, a Revolving Credit Note or a Swing Line Note, as the context may require.

Obligated
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03(c).

(54) 

Obligations
means all (x) advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries
arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those
acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees
that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws
naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding
and (y) prior to the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, obligations
of any Loan Party arising under any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Treasury Services Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents (and of their Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent they have
obligations under the Loan Documents) include (a) the obligation (including guarantee obligations) to pay principal, interest, the
2023 Yield Protection Fee,
the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee, the 2025 Tranche B Applicable Premium, Letter of Credit fees, reimbursement obligations,
charges, expenses, fees, Attorney Costs, indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) the
obligation of any Loan Party to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Lender, in its sole discretion, may
elect to pay or advance on behalf of such Loan Party.

Officers
Certificate means, with respect to any Person, a certificate signed by one Responsible Officer of such Person. Unless otherwise
provided, Officers Certificate means an Officers Certificate of the Lead Borrower.

OID
means original issue discount.

Open Market Purchase
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.15.

Organization Documents
means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation, the articles of association, the bylaws
and the unanimous shareholder agreements or declarations (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S.
jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and the
operating or limited liability company agreement (or equivalent or comparable documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) or
articles of association; (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the articles
of association, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument,
filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority
in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of
such entity; and (d) in respect of any German Loan Party, its (i) articles of association (Satzung), (ii) commercial
register extract (Handelsregisterauszug) and list of shareholders (Gesellschafterliste);
and (e) in respect of any Swedish Guarantor, its (i) articles of association (Sw. bolagsordning) and (ii) certificate
of registration (Sw. registreringsbevis).

Other Applicable
Indebtedness has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b)(i).

Other Connection
Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient
and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party
to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction
pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document).

Other Taxes
has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(a).

Outstanding Amount
means (a) with respect to the Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans, Extended Term Loans or Loans made under any
Extended Revolving Credit Commitment, as applicable, on any date, the aggregate outstanding Dollar Amount thereof after giving effect
to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans (including any refinancing of outstanding unpaid
drawings under Letters of Credit or L/C Credit Extensions as a Revolving Credit Borrowing), Swing Line Loans, Extended Term Loans or
Loans made under any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment, as the case may be, occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any
L/C Obligations on any date, the outstanding Dollar Amount thereof on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring
on such date and any other changes thereto as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements of outstanding unpaid drawings
under any Letters of Credit (including any refinancing of outstanding unpaid drawings under Letters of Credit or L/C Credit Extensions
as a Revolving Credit Borrowing) or any reductions in the maximum amount available for drawing under Letters of Credit taking effect
on such date.

(55) 

Overnight Rate
means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and an overnight
rate determined by the Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer, or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, in accordance with banking industry
rules on interbank compensation, (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any Alternative Currency, the rate of interest
per annum at which overnight deposits in such Alternative Currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which
such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by a branch or Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer,
as applicable, in the applicable offshore interbank market for such Alternative Currency to major banks in such interbank market.

Parallel Debt
has the meaning specified in Section 9.15(b).

Parent
means Trinseo Public Limited Company, a public limited company incorporated in Ireland with registered number 56269356269,
and any holding company Subsidiary thereof which owns, directly or indirectly, 100% of the outstanding Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower.

Participant
has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(e).

Participant Register
has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(e).

Participating Member
State means each state so described in any EMU Legislation.

Participating Revolving
Credit Commitments means (1) the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments (including any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments
in respect thereof) and (2) those additional Revolving Credit Commitments (and both (x) Revolving Commitment Increases to such
Class and (y) Extended Revolving Credit Commitments in respect thereof) established pursuant to an Incremental Amendment or
Refinancing Amendment for which an election has been made to include such Commitments for purposes of the issuance of Letters of Credit
or the making of Swing Line Loans (including the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments established pursuant to the 2021 Refinancing
Revolver Amendment); provided that, with respect to clause (2), the effectiveness of such election may be made conditional
upon the maturity of one or more other Participating Revolving Credit Commitments. At any time at which there is more than one Class of
Participating Revolving Credit Commitments outstanding, the mechanics and arrangements with respect to the allocation of Letters of Credit
and Swing Line Loans among such Classes will be subject to procedures agreed to by the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

Participating Revolving
Credit Lender means any Lender holding a Participating Revolving Credit Commitment.

PBGC
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

Pension Plan
means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer
Plan or Foreign Pension Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by any Loan Party, any Restricted Subsidiary
or any ERISA Affiliate, and such plan for the five-year period immediately following the latest date on which any Loan Party or Subsidiary
maintained, contributed to or had an obligation to contribute to such plan.

(56) 

Perfection Certificate
means a certificate in the form of Exhibit II to the Security Agreement or any other form reasonably approved by the Collateral
Agent, as the same shall be supplemented from time to time.

Periodic Term SOFR
Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR.

Permanent Representative
means the permanent representative of the general partner of Trinseo Materials.

Permitted Acquisition
means any Investment of the type described in clauses (a)(ii) and (b)(ii) of the definition of Permitted Investments
and any Investment or other acquisition of assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of, or all or substantially
all of the Equity Interests of, another Person.

Permitted Investment
means (in each case, by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries):

(a)Investments
in (i) a Restricted Subsidiary (including the Equity Interests of a Restricted Subsidiary) or the Lead Borrower or (ii) a Person
(including the Equity Interests of any such Person) that will, upon the making of such Investment, become a Restricted Subsidiary; provided
that any Investment pursuant to this clause (a) made by Loan Parties in Persons that are not, or will not contemporaneously
with such Investment become, Loan Parties shall not exceed (when added to the aggregate amount of Investments made by any Loan Parties
in Persons that do not merge, consolidate or otherwise combine with or into, or transfer or convey substantially all of their assets,
to Loan Parties pursuant to clause (b)(ii) below) an aggregate amount outstanding at any time equal to the greater of (1) $100,000,000
and (2) 4.25% of Total Assets (with the amount of Total Assets being measured at the time such Investment is made);

(b)Investments
in (i) a Similar Business taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (b)(i) that are at that
time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (x) $50,000,000 and (y) 2.0% of Total Assets (with the amount of Total Assets
being measured at the time such Investment is made) and (ii) a Person if such Person is engaged in a Similar Business and will,
upon the making of such Investment be merged, consolidated or, otherwise combined with or into, or transfers or conveys substantially
all of its assets to the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any Investment pursuant to this clause (b)(ii) made
by the Loan Parties in Persons that do not merge, consolidate or otherwise combine with or into, or transfer or convey substantially
all of their assets to, the Loan Parties contemporaneously with such Investment shall not exceed (when added to the aggregate amount
of Investments made by any Loan Parties in Persons that are not Loan Parties (or that will not contemporaneously with such Investment
become Loan Parties) pursuant to clause (a) above) an aggregate amount outstanding at any time equal to the greater of (1) $100,000,000
and (2) 4.25% of Total Assets (with the amount of Total Assets being measured at the time such Investment is made);

(c)Investments
in cash, Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities;

(d)Investments
in receivables owing to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary created or acquired in the ordinary course of business;

(e)Investments
(i) in payroll, travel, entertainment expenses, moving expenses and similar advances to cover matters that are expected at the time
of such advances ultimately to be treated as expenses for accounting purposes and that are made in the ordinary course of business or
(ii) to fund such Persons purchase of Equity Interests of Lead Borrower or any of its Parents;

(57) 

(f)Management
Advances;

(g)Investments
received in settlement of debts created in the ordinary course of business and owing to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
or in exchange for any other Investment or accounts receivable held by Lead Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary, or as a result
of foreclosure, perfection or enforcement of any Lien, or in satisfaction of judgments or pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar
arrangement including upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of a debtor or otherwise with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer
of title with respect to any secured Investment in default;

(h)Investments
made as a result of the receipt of non-cash consideration from a sale or other disposition of property or assets, including a Disposition;

(i)Investments
existing or pursuant to agreements or arrangements in effect on the Closing Date or made pursuant to binding commitments in effect on
the Issue Date, in each case, as set forth on Schedule 1.01E, and any modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof;
provided that the amount of any such Investment or binding commitment may not be increased except (a) as required
by the terms of such Investment or binding commitment as in existence on the Closing Date or (b) as otherwise permitted under this
Agreement;

(j)Hedging
Obligationsobligations in respect of Secured
Hedge Agreements, which transactions or obligations are incurred in compliance with Section 7.03;

(k)pledges
or deposits with respect to leases or utilities provided to third parties in the ordinary course of business or Liens permitted under
Section 7.01;

(l)any
Investment to the extent made using Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower (other than Disqualified Equity Interests);

(m)[reserved]any
Investment arising out of, or in connection with, Cash Management Practices;

(n)Investments
consisting of purchases and acquisitions of assets, services, inventory, supplies, materials and equipment or licenses or leases of intellectual
property, in any case, in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with this Agreement;

(o)(i) Guarantees
not prohibited under Section 7.03 and (other than with respect to Indebtedness) guarantees, keepwells and similar arrangements
in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) performance guarantees with respect to obligations incurred by the Lead Borrower or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that are permitted by this Agreement;

(p)Investments
consisting of earnest money deposits required in connection with a purchase agreement, or letter of intent, or other acquisitions to
the extent not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement;

(q)Investments
of a Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or of an entity merged into the Lead Borrower or merged into or consolidated
with a Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection
with such acquisition, merger or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger or consolidation;

(r)Investments
consisting of licensing of intellectual property pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons;

(58) 

(s)contributions
to a rabbi trust for the benefit of employees or other grantor trust subject to claims of creditors in the case of a bankruptcy
of the Borrowers;

(t)Investments
in joint ventures and Unrestricted Subsidiaries provided that (i) after giving effect to such Investment (in a single transaction
or any series of related transactions) on a Pro Forma Basis, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Lead Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries would be (a) not lower than immediately prior to such transaction or (b) equal to or greater than 2.25:1.00, and
(ii) the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives consideration (including by way of relief from,
or by any other Person assuming responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries) at least equal to the fair market value (such fair market value to be determined, on the date of contractually agreeing
to such Investment, in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Lead Borrower) of the assets subject to such contribution, transfer
or sale;

(u)additional
Investments having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (u) that
are at that time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of $120,000,000 and 5.0% of Total Assets (with the amount of Total Assets being
measured at the time such Investment is made); provided that if such Investment is in Equity Interests of a Person that subsequently
becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, such Investment shall thereafter be deemed permitted under clause (a) or (b) above and
shall not be included as having been made pursuant to this clause (u);

(v)any
Investment by the Borrowers or a Subsidiary of the Borrowers in (x) a Securitization Subsidiary or (y) any other Person in
connection with a Permitted Securitization, including Investments of funds held in accounts permitted or required by the arrangement
governing such Permitted Securitization or any related Indebtedness; provided that such Investment is in the form of a purchase
money obligation, contribution of additional Securitization Assets or equity interests;

(w)advances,
loans or extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and
Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes arising from the grant of trade credit in
the ordinary course of business;

(x)Investments
in the ordinary course of business consisting of Uniform Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit and Article 4
customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with industry practice;

(y)any
Investment in securities or other assets not constituting Cash Equivalents and received in connection with a Disposition made under Section 7.05
or any other disposition of assets not constituting a Disposition;

(z)Investments
in prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection and lease, utility and workers compensation, performance and similar
deposits entered into as a result of the operations of the business in the ordinary course of business; and

(aa)Investments
made in the ordinary course of business in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client contracts and loans or advances
made to distributors in the ordinary course of business.;

(bb)Investments
in Aristech and Altuglas to fund or support ordinary course business operations;

(59) 

(cc)to
the extent constituting an Investment, Guarantees of the Obligations under and as defined in the Superpriority Credit Agreement;

(dd)to
the extent constituting an Investment, the Guarantee of Super HoldCo Obligations by the Super HoldCo Foreign Guarantors;

(ee)to
the extent constituting an Investment, any Permitted Relocation; and

(ff)to
the extent constituting an Investment, the parent guaranty provided by the Lead Borrower pursuant to any Permitted Securitization.

For purposes of determining
whether an Investment is a Permitted Investment or is otherwise a Restricted Investment permitted to be made pursuant to Section 7.06,
in the event that an Investment (or any portion thereof) at any time, whether at the time of making of such Investment or upon or subsequently,
meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Permitted Investments described in clauses (a) through (aa) above or any
other provision of Section 7.06, the Lead Borrower, in its sole discretion, will classify and may subsequently reclassify
such Investment (or any portion thereof) in any one or more of the types of Investments described in clauses (a) through (aa) above
or any other applicable clause in Section 7.06 and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Investment
in such of the above clauses or clauses in Section 7.06 as determined by the Lead Borrower at such time.

Permitted Junior
Secured Refinancing Debt has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(h)(i).

Permitted Pari
Passu Secured Refinancing Debt has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(h)(i).

Permitted Ratio
Debt means Indebtedness incurred or assumed by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary if and to the extent the Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio calculated on a Pro Forma Basis is greater than 2.00:1.00; provided that in the case of any such Indebtedness
that is incurred (but not assumed), any such Indebtedness (i) matures after the latest Maturity Date in effect at the time of the
incurrence of such Indebtedness, (ii) has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life
to Maturity of each of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and, the
2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans, (iii) may not participate on a greater
than pro-rata basis with respect to either of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans or, the
2023 Term Loans or the 2025 Incremental Term Loans in any mandatory prepayment and (iv) of
Non-Loan Parties does not exceed in the aggregate at any time outstanding, together with any Indebtedness incurred by Non-Loan Parties
pursuant to Section 7.03(v), the greater of $135,000,000 and 5.0% of Total Assets, in each case determined at the time of
incurrence.

Permitted Refinancing
means, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension of any Indebtedness of
such Person; provided that (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal
amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended except
by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other amounts owing or paid related to such Indebtedness,
plus fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement
or extension and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, (b) other than with respect to a Permitted
Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(e), such modification, refinancing, refunding,
renewal, replacement or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and has a Weighted Average
Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded,
renewed, replaced or extended, (c) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant
to Section 7.03(e), at the time thereof, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (d) if such Indebtedness
being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is Junior Financing, to the extent such Indebtedness being modified,
refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, such modification, refinancing,
refunding, renewal, replacement or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms at least as favorable to
the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced
or extended, (e) to the extent such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is secured
by the Collateral and/or subject to intercreditor arrangements for the benefits of the Lenders, such modification, refinancing, refunding,
renewal, replacement or extension is either (1) unsecured or (2) secured and, if secured, subject to intercreditor arrangements
on terms at least as favorable (including with respect to priority) to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing
the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, and such modification refinancing, refunding, renewal,
replacement or extension is incurred only by one or more Persons who is an obligor of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded,
renewed, replaced or extended, (f) any such modification, refinancing, renewal, replacement, or extension has the same primary obligor
and the same (or fewer) guarantors as the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended and (g) if
such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is unsecured, such modification, refinancing, refunding,
renewal, replacement or extension is unsecured. Any reference to a Permitted Refinancing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document
shall be interpreted to mean (a) a Permitted Refinancing of the subject Indebtedness and (b) any further refinancings constituting
a Permitted Refinancing of the Indebtedness resulting from a prior Permitted Refinancing.

(60) 

Permitted
Relocation means a cross-border conversion by a Luxembourg Loan Party in accordance with Part 2, Chapter 3 of the Irish Mobility
Regulations and the corresponding Luxembourg legislation where:

(a)the
proposed converted company (within the meaning of the Irish Mobility Regulations) is an Irish company; and

(b)on
the date of the cross-border conversion no Default has occurred and no Default would occur as a result of the cross-border conversion;
and

(c)the
cross-border conversion does not materially and adversely affect the value and enforceability of the guarantees and Collateral granted
by the converting Luxembourg Loan Party; and

(d)the
Collateral Agent receives Irish law governed all asset Collateral substantially equivalent to the corresponding Luxembourg law governed
all asset Collateral in existence immediately prior to the cross-border conversion; and

(e)if
the shares in the converting Luxembourg Loan Party were subject to the Collateral in favour of the Collateral Agent immediately
prior to such cross-border conversion, the Collateral Agent will receive (provided this does not have the effect of
(A) materially and adversely affecting the value of the relevant Collateral or (B) materially and adversely affecting the
enforceability of the relevant guarantees and Collateral) substantially equivalent Irish law governed Collateral over those
shares.

Permitted Securitization
means a Securitization that complies with the following criteria: (i) the originator with respect to such Securitization shall be
organized under the laws of Switzerland, Germany, France, The Netherlands, Sweden, Finland, Spain, the United Kingdom, Italy or
the United States, (ii) the Securitization, including the sale of the Securitization Assets and the incurrence of Indebtedness in
connection therewith is effected on market terms, taking into account the applicable Securitization market for assets similar to the
respective Securitization Assets and the structure implemented for such Securitization (as determined in good faith by the Lead Borrower),
(iii) the sum of the Maximum Securitization Facility Sizes for all Securitizations shall not at any time exceed $260,000,000 and
(iv) the Securitization Sellers Retained Interest and all proceeds thereof shall constitute Collateral hereunder and all
necessary steps to perfect a security interest in such Securitization Sellers Retained Interest of the Collateral Agent are taken
by the Lead Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary.

(61) 

Permitted Unsecured
Refinancing Debt has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(h)(i).

Person
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental
Authority or other entity.

PIK Election Base
Rate Cash Component has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08(g).

PIK
Election Cash Component has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08(i).

PIK Election SOFR
Cash Component has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08(g).

PIK Interest Election
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08(g).

Plan
means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by any Loan Party
or Subsidiary or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate,
and such plan for the five-year period immediately following the latest date on which any Loan Party, any Subsidiary or an ERISA Affiliate
maintained, contributed to or had an obligation to or have had an obligation to contribute to, or otherwise to have liability with respect
to such plan.

Preferred Stock
means, as applied to the Equity Interests of any Person, Equity Interests of any class or classes (however designated) which is preferred
as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of such
Person, over Equity Interests of any other class of such Person.

Pro Forma Balance
Sheet has the meaning set forth in Section 5.05(b).

Pro Forma Balance
Sheet Date has the meaning set forth in Section 5.05(b).

Pro Forma Basis
and Pro Forma Effect means, with respect to compliance with any test or covenant or calculation of any ratio hereunder,
the determination or calculation of such test, covenant or ratio (including in connection with Specified Transactions) in accordance
with Section 1.10.

Pro
Forma Compliance means, with respect to the Financial Covenant, compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with such
covenant in accordance with Section 1.10.

Pro Forma Financial
Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 5.05(b).

Pro Rata Share
means, with respect to each Lender at any time a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator
of which is the amount of the Commitments of such Lender under the applicable Facility or Facilities at such time and the denominator
of which is the amount of the Aggregate Commitments under the applicable Facility or Facilities at such time; provided that if
such Commitments have been terminated, then the Pro Rata Share of each Lender shall be determined based on the Pro Rata Share of such
Lender immediately prior to such termination and after giving effect to any subsequent assignments made pursuant to the terms hereof.

Projections
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(c).

Public Company
Costs means costs relating to compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, in each case as applicable
to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public, the rules of national securities exchange companies with listed
equity or debt securities, directors compensation, fees and expense reimbursement, costs relating to investor relations, shareholder
meetings and reports to shareholders or debtholders, directors and officers insurance, listing fees and all executive,
legal and professional fees related to the foregoing.

(62) 

PTE
means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time
to time.

Qualified ECP Guarantor
means in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that, at the time the relevant guarantee (or grant of the relevant security
interest, as applicable) becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation, has total assets exceeding $10,000,000
or such other person as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations
promulgated thereunder and which may cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant with respect to
such Swap Obligation at such time by entering into a keepwell pursuant to section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange
Act (or any successor provision thereto).

Qualified Equity
Interests means any Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests.

Qualified IPO
means the issuance by Holdings or any Parent of its common Equity Interests in an underwritten primary public offering (other than a
public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8) pursuant to a registration statement that has been declared effective
by the SEC or approved by any other applicable Governmental Authority in Luxembourg or the United Kingdom.

Qualified Jurisdiction
means each of the United States, any state or territory thereof, the District of Columbia, Finland,
Germany, Ireland, Sweden, Switzerland, Hong Kong, Luxembourg,
Singapore, The Netherlands and any other jurisdiction as may be mutually agreed to in writing from time to time by the Lead Borrower
and the Superpriority Administrative Agent.

Quarterly Financial
Statements means unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of comprehensive income and cash
flows of Topco for the most recent fiscal quarters (other than the fourth fiscal quarter) after the date of the applicable Annual Financial
Statements and ended at least forty-five (45) days prior to the Closing Date.

Real Property
means, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold, mineral or other estate) in and to any and all parcels of
or interests in real property owned or leased by any Person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all
easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles
and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof.

Recipient
means any Lender or Agent.

Refinancing
has the meaning specified in the preliminary statements hereto.

Refinancing Amendment
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(f).

Refinancing Commitments
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(a).

Refinanced Debt
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(a).

Refinancing Equivalent
Debt has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(h)(i).

Refinancing Facility
Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(d).

Refinancing Lenders
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(c).

(63) 

Refinancing Loan
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(b).

Refinancing Loan
Request has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(a).

Refinancing Revolving
Credit Commitments has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(a).

Refinancing Revolving
Credit Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(c).

Refinancing Revolving
Credit Loan has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(b).

Refinancing Term
Commitments has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(a).

Refinancing Term
Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(c).

Refinancing Term
Loan has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(b).

Refinanced Term
Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(h)(i).

Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(d).

Registered Equivalent
Notes means, with respect to any notes originally issued in an offering pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act
or other private placement transaction under the Securities Act of 1933, substantially identical notes (having the same guarantees) issued
in a dollar-for-dollar exchange therefor pursuant to an exchange offer registered with the SEC.

Release
means any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing,
depositing, dispersing or migrating in, into, onto or through the Environment or from or through any facility, property or equipment.

Replaced Term Loans
has the meaning specified in Section 10.01.

Replacement Term
Loans has the meaning specified in Section 10.01.

Reportable Event
means any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA, with respect to a Pension Plan, other than events for which the
notice period is waived under applicable regulations as in effect on the date hereof.

Repricing Event
means (a) any prepayment or repayment of 2021 Incremental Term Loans with the proceeds of, or any conversion of 2021 Incremental
Term Loans into, any new or replacement tranche of term loans the primary purpose of which is to reduce the All-In Yield applicable to
such 2021 Incremental Term Loans or (b) any amendment, amendment and restatement or other modification to this Agreement, the primary
purpose of which is to reduce the All-In Yield applicable to 2021 Incremental Term Loans; provided that any refinancing or repricing
of 2021 Incremental Term Loans in connection with (i) any Permitted Acquisition the aggregate consideration with respect to which
equals or exceeds $500,000,000 or (ii) a transaction that would result in a Change of Control shall not constitute a Repricing Event.

Request for Credit
Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, continuation or conversion of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans,
a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Request for L/C Issuance, and (c) with respect to a
Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice.

Request for L/C
Issuance means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit, substantially in the form
of Exhibit J, or such other form from time to time in use by the relevant L/C Issuer.

(64) 

Required Class Lenders
means, as of any date of determination, Lenders of a Class having more than 50% of the sum of the (a) Total Outstandings (with,
in the case of the Revolving Credit Commitments, the aggregate amount of each Lenders risk participation and funded participation
in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition) for all Lenders
of such Class and (b) aggregate unused Commitments of all Lenders of such Class; provided that the unused Commitment
and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender of such Class shall be excluded for purposes
of making a determination of Required Class Lenders.

Required Lenders
means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having more than 50% of the sum of the (a) Total Outstandings (with the aggregate
amount of each Lenders risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held
by such Lender for purposes of this definition), (b) aggregate unused Term Commitments and (c) aggregate unused Revolving Credit
Commitments; provided that the unused Term Commitment and unused Revolving Credit Commitment of, and the portion of the Total
Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders.

Required Revolving
Credit Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Revolving Credit Lenders under the Revolving Credit Commitments (including,
for purposes of this definition of Required Revolving Credit Lenders any (x) Extended Revolving Credit Commitments
in respect thereof, (y) Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and (z) Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments in respect
thereof) having more than 50% of the sum of the (a) Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans and all L/C
Obligations (with the aggregate Dollar Amount of each Lenders risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations and
Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition) under the Revolving Credit Commitments
and (b) aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that unused Revolving Credit Commitments of, and the portion
of the Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans and all L/C Obligations held, or deemed held by, any Defaulting
Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Revolving Credit Lenders.

Resolution
Authority has the meaning set forth in Section 11.19.

Responsible Officer
means the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer or other similar
officer or a manager (grant) or a director (adminstrateur) of a Loan Party and, as to any document delivered on
the Closing Date, any secretary, authorized signatory or assistant secretary of such Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that
is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted
on behalf of such Loan Party.

Restricted Cash
means cash and Cash Equivalents held by Restricted Subsidiaries that is contractually restricted from being distributed to the Lead Borrower.

Restricted Investment
means an Investment other than a Permitted Investment.

Restricted Obligations
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.09(a).

Restricted Payment
means (i) any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interest
of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking
fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of
any such Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the Lead Borrowers or a Restricted Subsidiarys stockholders,
partners or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof) and (ii) any Restricted Investment.

(65) 

Restricted Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided that in no event shall the Co-Borrower
be an Unrestricted Subsidiary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Co-Borrower is a Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower.

Returns
means, with respect to any Investment, any interest, returns, profits, distributions, proceeds (including the net proceeds of any sale
received by the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary above the initial cost of the Investment) and similar amounts actually received
in cash or Cash Equivalents.

Revolving Commitment
Increase has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a).

Revolving Credit
Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type and currency and, in the case
of Benchmark Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(b).

Revolving Credit
Commitment means, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Credit Loans (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans) to the Borrowers, (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations
in respect of Letters of Credit and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, as the same may be (i) reduced from time
to time pursuant to Section 2.06 or (ii) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (w) assignments by
or to such Revolving Credit Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, (x) an Incremental Amendment, (y) a Refinancing
Amendment or (z) an Extension. The amount of each Revolving Credit Lenders Commitment is set forth in Schedule 1.01A
under the caption Revolving Credit Commitment or in the Assignment and Assumption, in each case, as may be amended
pursuant to any Incremental Amendment, Extension Amendment or Refinancing Amendment pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed,
increased or decreased its Revolving Credit Commitment, as the case may be. As of the 2025 Incremental
Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitment is $0.

Revolving Credit
Exposure means, at any time, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, the sum of the amount of the outstanding Dollar Amount of
such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Loans and its Pro Rata Share of the amount of the L/C Obligations and the Swing
Line Obligations at such time.

Revolving Credit
Lender means, at any time, any Lender that has a Revolving Credit Commitment anand outstanding
Revolving Credit Loans at such time. As of the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, there are
no Revolving Credit Lenders hereunder.

Revolving Credit
Loans means any loan made pursuant to the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments, the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments,
any Incremental Revolving Credit Loan, any other Refinancing Revolving Credit Loan or any loan under any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments,
as the context may require.

Revolving Credit
Note means a promissory note of the Borrowers payable to any Revolving Credit Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially
the form of Exhibit C-2 hereto, evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Revolving Credit Lender resulting
from the Revolving Credit Loans made by such Revolving Credit Lender to the Borrowers.

Rolling Lender
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.14.

S&P
means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor thereto.

Same Day Funds
means immediately available funds.

Sanctioned Country
means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is the subject or target of any Sanctions.

(66) 

Sanctioned Person
means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department
of State, the European Union or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, (b) any Person organized or ordinarily resident
in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person controlled (as determined by applicable law) by any Person or Persons described in the
foregoing clause (a).

Sanctions
means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government,
including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC)
or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the European Union or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom.

SEC
means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

Second Lien Intercreditor
Agreement means an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit L hereto (which agreement in such
form, or with immaterial changes thereto, the Administrative Agent is authorized to enter into) together with any material changes thereto
which are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and which material changes shall be posted to the Lenders not less than five
(5) Business Days before execution thereof and, if the Required Lenders shall not have objected to such changes within five (5) Business
Days after posting, then the Required Lenders shall be deemed to have agreed that the Administrative Agents entry into such intercreditor
agreement (with such changes) is reasonable and to have consented to such intercreditor agreement (with such changes) and to the Administrative
Agents execution thereof.

Secured Hedge Agreement
means any Swap Contract permitted under Article VII that is entered into by and between the Lead Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary and any Hedge Bank, including the Existing Secured Hedge Agreements.

Secured Net Leverage
Ratio means, as of any date of determination for any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Secured Net Debt as of
the last day of such Test Period to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period.

Secured Parties
means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders, the Hedge Banks, the Supplemental Agents and each co-agent
or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Securitization
means any transaction or series of transactions entered into by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to which (a) the
Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, sells, conveys, assigns, grants an interest in or otherwise transfers
to a Securitization Subsidiary Securitization Assets (and/or grants a security interest in such Securitization Assets transferred or
purported to be transferred to such Securitization Subsidiary), and which Securitization Subsidiary finances the acquisition of such
Securitization Assets (i) with cash, (ii) the issuance to the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary of Securitization
Sellers Retained Interests or an increase in such Securitization Sellers Retained Interests or (iii) with proceeds
from the sale or collection of Securitization Assets and (b) financing is extended by way of debt facilities, notes, bonds or other
similar instruments, in each case, through the purchase of Securitization Assets, on a revolving basis, by one or more banks or other
financial institutions or special purpose, bankruptcy remote entities, in each case, which may be established in any appropriate jurisdiction
directly or indirectly by any subsidiary or other third parties.

(67) 

Securitization
Assets means any accounts receivable owed to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (whether now existing or arising
or acquired in the future) arising in the ordinary course of business from the sale of goods or services, all collateral securing such
accounts receivable, all contracts and contract rights and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable,
all proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets (including contract rights and credit insurance policies) which are of the
type customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with securitizations of
accounts receivable and which are sold, transferred or otherwise conveyed by the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to
a Securitization.

Securitization
Sellers Retained Interest means the debt or equity interests held by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
in a Securitization Subsidiary to which Securitization Assets have been transferred, including any such debt or equity received as consideration
for or as a portion of the purchase price for the Securitization Assets transferred, or any other instrument through which the Lead Borrower
or any Restricted Subsidiary has rights to or receives distributions in respect of any residual or excess interest in the Securitization
Assets.

Securitization
Subsidiary means a Person to which the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary sells, conveys, transfers or grants a security
interest in Securitization Assets, which Person is formed for the limited purpose of effecting one or more Securitizations and related
activities, or, in the case of a Person that is a financing conduit, which Person is formed for the limited purpose of effecting financing
transactions; provided that, in the event such Securitization Subsidiary is a Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower, it shall have been
designated by the board of directors in its sole discretion as an Unrestricted Subsidiary.

Security Agreement
means the Pledge and Security Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit F.

Security Agreement
Supplement has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement.

Senior Notes
means the $500,000,000 equivalent in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2025 and
any Registered Equivalent Notes having substantially identical terms and issued pursuant to the Senior Notes Indenture in exchange for
the initial, unregistered senior unsecured notes.2025 Notes
and the 2029 Notes.

Senior
Notes Indenture means the Indenture for the Senior Notes, dated as of August 29, 2017, by and among
the Lead Borrower, the Co-Borrower and the Senior Notes Trustee, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, replaced or refinanced
to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement.

Senior
Notes Trustee
means The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee under the Senior Notes Indenture.

Senior Representative
means, with respect to any series of Incremental Equivalent Debt or Refinancing Equivalent Debt that is secured by the Collateral, the
trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, security agent or similar agent under the indenture or agreement pursuant to which such
Indebtedness is issued, incurred or otherwise obtained, as the case may be, and each of their successors in such capacities.

Similar Business
means (a) any businesses, services or activities engaged in by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any Associates
on the Issue Date and (b) any businesses, services and activities engaged in by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
or any Associates that are related, complementary, incidental, ancillary or similar to any of the foregoing or are extensions or developments
of any thereof.

Singapore Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower incorporated, organized or established under the laws of Singapore.

(68) 

SOFR
means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR Administrator
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Borrowing
means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing.

SOFR Loan
means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base
Rate.

Solvent
and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person (other than a Person organized under German law, Belgian law or Luxembourg
law) on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total
amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such
Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute
and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons
ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is able to pay all that Persons debts as and when
they become due and payable and (e) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business
or a transaction, for which such Persons property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities
at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the
amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. With respect to any Person organized under German law,
Solvent and Solvency means such Person not being illiquid (zahlungsunfhig) or overindebted (berschuldet)
in accordance with sections 17 and 19, respectively, of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvnzordnung). With respect to any Person
organized under Belgian law, Solvent and Solvency means such Person being able to pay its debts when they
become due and being able to obtain (further) credit, i.e., such Person not being in a situation as defined in Article 2 of the
Belgian Bankruptcy Act of 8 August 1997. With respect to any Person organized under Luxembourg law, Solvent and Solvency
means such Person is not unable to pay its debts (in particular, it is not in a state of cessation des paiements and has not lost
its commercial creditworthiness) and would not become unable to do so.

SPC
has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(j).

Specified Transaction
means (a) the Transactions, (b) any Investment that results in a Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, (c) any designation
of a Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (d) any Permitted Acquisition, (e) any Disposition
that results in a Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower and any Disposition of a business
unit, line of business or division of the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case whether by merger, consolidation, amalgamation
or otherwise or (f) any incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving
credit facility or line of credit), the making of any Restricted Payment, the obtaining of any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment,
or the incurrence of any Incremental Revolving Credit Loan or Incremental Term Loan, in each case, that by the terms of this Agreement
requires a financial ratio or test to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis or after giving Pro Forma Effect.

Standard Securitization
Undertakings means representations, warranties, covenants, repurchase obligations, guarantees of performance and indemnities
entered into by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary which are customary on the date thereof for the parent of a seller or
servicer of assets transferred in connection with a Securitization.

Subject Guarantor
has the meaning specified in Section 11.15Section 11.14.

(69) 

Subordination Agreement
means a subordination agreement among the Administrative Agent and one or more representatives for the holders of Subordinated Indebtedness,
in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower. Wherever in this Agreement a representative
is required to become party to the Subordination Agreement, if the related Subordinated Indebtedness is the initial Subordinated Indebtedness
incurred by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, then the Lead Borrower and/or such Restricted Subsidiary, the Holdcos (if
applicable), the Subsidiary Guarantors (if applicable), the Administrative Agent and the representative for such Subordinated Indebtedness
shall execute and deliver the Subordination Agreement and the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to execute and deliver the Subordination
Agreement.

Subsidiary
of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which (i) a majority
of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other
than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned,
(ii) more than half of the issued share capital is at the time beneficially owned or (iii) the management of which is otherwise
controlled, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references
herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Lead Borrower.

Subsidiary Guarantor
means any Guarantor other than the Holdcos.

Successor
Holdings shall haveSuper HoldCo
Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraphspecified
in the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment.

Super
HoldCo Foreign Guarantors means Trinseo Belgium B.V. (Belgium), Trinseo Operating Belgium B.V. (Belgium), Trinseo Deutschland
GmbH (Germany), Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft GmbH (Germany), Trinseo Deutschland RE GP GmbH (Germany), Trinseo Deutschland
RE GmbH & Co. KG (Germany), PT Trinseo Materials Indonesia (Indonesia), PT Trinseo Operating Indonesia (Indonesia), Taiwan Trinseo
Limited (Taiwan) and Trinseo Europe.

Super
HoldCo Obligations means obligations under the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement and the Super HoldCo Second Lien Indenture.

Super
HoldCo Second Lien Indenture means that certain Indenture, dated as of the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, by and among
Trinseo LuxCo Finance SPV S. R.L., Trinseo NA Finance SPV LLC, the Guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon as
Trustee and Collateral Agent.

Superpriority
Credit Agreement means that certain credit agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025, by and among Holdings, the Borrowers,
Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and the
lenders and other agents from time to time party thereto.

Supplemental Agent
has the meaning specified in Section 9.13(a) and Supplemental Agents shall have the corresponding meaning.

Supplier
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(i).

Swap
means any agreement, contract, or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity
Exchange Act.

(70) 

Swap Contract
means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity
swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps
or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange
transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions,
currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options
to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any
and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any
form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange
Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement),
including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.

Swap Obligation
means, with respect to any person, any obligation to pay or perform under any Swap.

Swap Termination
Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable
netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out
and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date
referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined
based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which
may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).

Swedish
Bankruptcy Act has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03(b)(i).

Swedish Companies Act
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03(b)(ii).

Swedish
Floating Charge means the Swedish law floating charge (Sw. fretagshypotek) to be provided by Trinseo Sverige AB (registration
number 556760-4664) pursuant to the Swedish Floating Charge Pledge Agreement.

Swedish
Companies Act has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03(b)(ii).

Swedish Floating
Charge Pledge Agreement means the Swedish law governed second ranking pledge agreement in respect of a certain floating charge
certificate, being a Collateral Document, to be entered into by Trinseo Sverige AB (registration number 556760-4664).

Swedish
Guarantor means a Guarantor incorporated in Sweden.

Swedish
Security means any security interest created under the Collateral Documents which is governed by and/or perfected in accordance
with Swedish law.

Swing Line Borrowing
means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.04.

Swing Line Facility
means the swing line loan facility made available by the Swing Line Lenders pursuant to Section 2.04.

Swing Line Lender
means DBNY, in its capacityany
Lender agreeing to act in such capacity, subject to the terms hereof (and for the avoidance of doubt, as of the 2025 Incremental Amendment
Effective Date, there is no Swing Line Lender hereunder), as provider of Swing Line Loans or any successor swing line lender hereunder;
provided that, if any Extension or Extensions of Revolving Credit Commitments is or are effected in accordance with Section 2.18,
then on the occurrence of each L/C Issuer/Swing Line Termination Date, the Swing Line Lender at such time shall have the right to resign
as Swing Line Lender on, or on any date within twenty (20) Business Days after, the respective L/C Issuer/Swing Line Termination Date,
in each case upon not less than ten (10) days prior written notice thereof to the Lead
Borrower and the Administrative Agent and, in the event of any such resignation and upon the effectiveness thereof, the Borrowers
shall repay any outstanding Swing Line Loans made by the respective entity so resigning and such entity shall not be required to make
any further Swing Line Loans hereunder. If at any time and for any reason (including as a result of resignations as contemplated by the
proviso to the preceding sentence), the Swing Line Lender has resigned in such capacity in accordance with the preceding sentence, then
no Person shall be the SwinglineSwing
Line Lender hereunder obligated to make Swing Line Loans unless and until (and only for so long as) a Lender (or affiliate of
a Lender) reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower agrees to act as the Swing Line Lender hereunder.

(71) 

Swing Line Loan
has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a) (and for the avoidance of
doubt, as of the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, there are no outstanding Swing Line Loans).

Swing Line Loan
Notice means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b), which, if in writing, shall be substantially
in the form of Exhibit B.

Swing Line Note
means a promissory note of the Borrowers payable to any Swing Line Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit C-3
hereto, evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Swing Line Lender resulting from the Swing Line Loans.

Swing Line Obligations
means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Line Loans outstanding.

Swing Line Sublimit
means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $25,000,000 and (b) the aggregate amount of the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments.
The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Commitments. For the
avoidance of doubt, as of the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, the Swing Line Sublimit is $0.

Swiss
Federal Tax Administration means the tax authorities referred to in article 34 of the Federal Act on Anticipatory Tax of 13 October 1965
(Bundesgesetz ber die Verrechnungssteuer).

Swiss Guarantor
means a Guarantor incorporated in Switzerland.

Swiss Security
means any Lien created under a Collateral Document which is governed by Swiss law.

Swiss Withholding
Tax any withholding tax in accordance with the Federal Act on Anticipatory Tax of 13 October 1965 (Bundesgesetz ber
die Verrechnungssteuer).

TARGET Day
means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) payment system which utilizes
a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other
payment system (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in
Euro.

Taxes
means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees
or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, addition to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term B Commitment
means, as to each Term Lender, its obligation to make a Term B Loan to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(a) in
an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name in Schedule 1.01A under the caption
Term B Commitment. The aggregate amount of the Term B Commitments is $700,000,000.

Term B Loans
means the term loans made by the Term Lenders, or exchanged by the Rolling Lenders, to the Borrowers on the Closing Date pursuant to
Section 2.01(a)(i).

Term Borrowing
means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Benchmark Rate Loans, having the same Interest
Period made by each of the Term Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(a).

(72) 

Term Commitment
means, as to each Term Lender, its obligation to make Term Loans (including, for avoidance of doubt, the 2021 Incremental Term Loans,
the 2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans) to the Borrowers hereunder, as
such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.06 and (b) reduced or increased from
time to time pursuant to (i) assignments by or to such Term Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, (ii) an Incremental
Amendment, (iii) a Refinancing Amendment or (iv) an Extension. The amount of each Term Lenders Commitment is set forth
in Schedule 1.01A or in the Assignment and Assumption, Incremental Amendment, Extension Amendment or Refinancing Amendment
pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed, increased or decreased its Term Commitment, as the case may be.

Term Lender
means, at any time, any Lender that has a Term Commitment or a Term Loan at such time.

Term Loan
means any Term B Loan, 2021 Incremental Term Loans, 2023 Term Loans, 2025
Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Term Loan, Refinancing Term Loan or Extended Term Loan, as the context may require.

Term Loan Increase
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a).

Term Note
means a promissory note of the Borrowers payable to any Term Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit C-1
hereto, evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Term Lender resulting from the Term Loans made by such Term
Lender.

Term SOFR
means:

(1)for
any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on
the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided however
that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable
tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published
by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate
for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is
not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and

(2)for
any calculation with respect to an Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such
day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior
to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided however that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published
by the Term SOFR Administrator, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator
on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by
the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day.

(73) 

Term SOFR Adjustment
means 0.11448% (11.448 basis points) for an Interest Period of one-months duration, 0.26161% (26.161 basis points) for an Interest
Period of three-months duration, and 0.42826% (42.826 basis points) for an Interest Period of six-months duration.

Term SOFR Administrator
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate (or a successor administrator of the
Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and in consultation with the Lead Borrower).

Term SOFR Reference
Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Test Period
means, for any date of determination under this Agreement, the four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Lead Borrower most recently
ended as of such date of determination.

Threshold Amount
means $95,000,000.

Topco
means Trinseo S.A., a public limited liability company (socit anonyme), organized and established under the laws
of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,
and registered with the RCS under number B 153549.

Total Assets
means the total assets of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP,
as shown on the most recent balance sheet of the Lead Borrower delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) (and,
in the case of any determination relating to any incurrence of Indebtedness or any Investment or other acquisition, on a Pro Forma Basis
including any property or assets being acquired in connection therewith) or, for the period prior to the time any such statements are
so delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), the Pro Forma Financial Statements.

Total Net Leverage
Ratio means, with respect to any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Net Debt as of the last day of such
Test Period to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period.

Total Outstandings
means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations.

tranche
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a).

Transaction Expenses
means any fees or expenses incurred or paid by the Holdcos, the Lead Borrower or any of its (or their) Subsidiaries in connection with
the Transactions (including expenses in connection with hedging transactions), this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.

Transactions
means, collectively, (a) the funding of the Term B Loans on the Closing Date and the execution and delivery of Loan Documents to
be entered into on the Closing Date, (b) the issuance of the Senior2025 Notes
and the execution and delivery of the Senior2025 Notes
Indenture and the other agreements entered into on or prior to the Closing Date in connection therewith, (c) the Refinancing and
(d) the payment of Transaction Expenses.

(74) 

Treasury
Rate means the weekly average rounded to the nearest 1/100th of a percentage point (for the most recently completed week for which
such information is available as of the date that is at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days)
prior to the date of delivery of the notice of prepayment with respect to the repayment date) yield to maturity at the time of computation
of United States Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical
Release H.15 with respect to each applicable day during such week (or, if such statistical release is not so published or available,
any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Lead Borrower in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from
the repayment date to (i) the first anniversary of the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date in the case of 2025 Tranche B Yield
Protection Fee and (ii) the 18 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date in the case of
the 2023 Yield Protection Fee and the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee; provided, however, that if the period from the repayment date
to the first anniversary of the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date or 18 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing
Amendment Effective Date, as applicable, is not equal to the constant maturity of a United States Treasury security for which a yield
is given, the Treasury Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the yields
of United States Treasury securities for which such yields are given, except that if the period from the repayment date to such applicable
date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity
of one year shall be used.

Treasury Services
Agreement means any agreement between the Lead Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and any Hedge Bank relating
to treasury, depository, credit card, debit card and cash management services or automated clearinghouse transfer of funds or any similar
services, including the Existing Treasury Services Agreements.

Trinseo
Europe means Trinseo Europe GmbH, a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung), having its
registered office at Gwattstrasse 15, 8808 Pfffikon SZ, Switzerland, registered with the commercial register of the Canton
of Schwyz, Switzerland, under number CHE-114.396.041.

Trinseo Materials
shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraphmeans
the Lead Borrower hereunder prior to the 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment Effective Date.

Trinseo SARL
shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.

Trust Property
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01(k).

Type
means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Benchmark Rate Loan.

UK
Financial Institution has the meaning set forth in Section 11.19.

UK
Resolution Authority has the meaning set forth in Section 11.19.

Uniform Commercial
Code or UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may from time to time be in effect in the State of
New York or the Uniform Commercial Code (or similar code or statute) of another jurisdiction, to the extent it may be required to apply
to any item or items of Collateral.

United States
and U.S. mean the United States of America.

Unreimbursed Amount
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c)(i).

Unrestricted Subsidiary
means (i) each Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower listed on Schedule 1.01D (ii) any Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower designated
by the Board of Directors of the Lead Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.15 subsequent to the Closing
Date and, (iii) from
and after the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, Aristech and Altuglas and (iv) and any Securitization Subsidiary,
if a Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower.

U.S. Government
Securities Business Days means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for
purposes of trading in United States government securities.

(75) 

USA Patriot Act
means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001,
Public Law 107-56.

VAT
means (a) any tax imposed in compliance with the Council Directive of November 28, 2006 on the common system of value added
tax (EC Directive 2006/112) and (b) any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in a member state of the European Union in
substitution for, or levied in addition to, such tax referred to in clause (a) above, or imposed elsewhere.

Weighted Average
Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (i) the
sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the amount of each then remaining scheduled installment, sinking fund, serial maturity
or other required scheduled payments of principal, including payment at final scheduled maturity, in respect thereof, by (b) the
number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (ii) the
then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; provided, that the effects of any prepayments made on such Indebtedness
shall be disregarded in making such calculation.

wholly owned
means, with respect to a Subsidiary of a Person, a Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Equity Interests of which (other
than (x) directors qualifying shares and (y) shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable
Law) are owned by such Person and/or by one or more wholly owned Subsidiaries of such Person.

Write-Down
and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion
powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which
write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.

Yield
Protection FeeWrite-Down and Conversion Powers has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.09(c)11.19.

Yield
Protection Fee Trigger Event means (a) any repayment of all, or any
part, of the principal amount of the 2023 Term Loans, including any voluntary prepayment, mandatory repayment other than a repayment
under Section 2.05(b)(i), Section 2.05(b)(ii) or
Section 2.05(b)(v) or any payment
at maturity, in each case, whether before or after (i) the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default or (ii) the commencement
of any proceeding with respect to any Borrower or Guarantor under any Debtor Relief Law and notwithstanding any acceleration (for any
reason) of the 2023 Term Loans; (b) the acceleration of all of the 2023 Term Loans for any reason, including, but not limited to,
acceleration following or pursuant to an Event of Default, including as a result of the commencement of a proceeding under any Debtor
Relief Law (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 8.01(f));
(c) the satisfaction, release, payment, redemption, restructuring, reorganization, replacement, reinstatement, defeasance or compromise
of any of the 2023 Term Loans in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or
otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the making of a distribution of any kind in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law to
the Lenders (whether directly or indirectly, including through the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent or any other distribution
agent), in full or partial satisfaction of the 2023 Term Loans; (d) the substantial consummation of any plan of reorganization with
respect to any Borrower or Guarantor under any Debtor Relief Law; (e) the termination of any proceeding with respect to any Borrower
or Guarantor under any Debtor Relief Law; and (f) the termination of this Agreement for any reason; provided,
that in no event shall a regularly scheduled amortization payment in respect of the 2023 Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.07(a) constitute
an Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event.

If
a Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event occurs under clause (b), (c) or
(d) above, the entire outstanding principal amount of 2023 Term Loans shall be deemed to be subject
to the Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event on the date on which such Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event
occurs.

(76) 

Section 1.02Luxembourg
Terms. Without prejudice to the generality of any provision of this Agreement, in this Agreement
where it relates to a Luxembourg Loan Party, a reference to:

(a)a
winding-up, administration or dissolution includes, without limitation, bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, liquidation,
composition with creditors (concordat prventif de faillite), administrative dissolution without liquidation
(dissolution administrative sans liquidation), moratorium or reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled
management (gestion contrle), fraudulent conveyance (actio pauliana), general settlement
with creditors, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally;

(b)a
liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar officer includes,
without limitation, a juge dlgu, commissaire, juge-commissaire, mandataire ad
hoc, administrateur, provisoire, liquidateur or curateur and any other person performing the same function
of each of the foregoing;

(c)a
lien or security interest includes any hypothque, nantissement, gage, privilge, sret
relle, droit de retention, and any type of security in rem (sret relle) or agreement
or arrangement having a similar effect and any transfer of title by way of security;

(d)a
person being unable to pay its debts includes that person being in a state of cessation de paiements;

(e)a
person being insolvent include that person being in a state of cessation of payments (cessation de paiements) and
having lost or meeting the criteria to lose its commercial creditworthiness (branlement de credit);

(f)a
guarantee includes any garantie which is independent from the debt to which it relates and excludes any suretyship (cautionnement)
within the meaning of Articles 2011 and seq. of the Luxembourg Civil Code;

(g)gross
negligence is a reference to faute lourde and wilful misconduct is a reference to faute dolosive/dol;

(h)an
attachment or similar creditors' process includes an executory attachment (saisie excutoire) or conservatory attachment
(saisie conservatoire);

(i)a
director or manager includes an administrateur and a grant;

(j)a
board of directors or a board of managers includes a conseil d'administration and a conseil de grance;

(k)an
agent includes, without limitation, a mandataire;

(l)shares
or Equity Interests include actions and parts sociales;

(m)by-laws
or constitutional documents includes (a) its up-to-date (restated) articles of association (statuts coordonnes),
and (b) an extract from the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (RCS).

(77) 

Section 1.03[Reserved]Swedish
Terms.

(a)Notwithstanding
any other provisions in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, the sale, lease, transfer or disposal of any Collateral
subject to, or the release of, any Swedish Security which has been or should have been duly perfected in accordance with the terms of
the relevant Collateral Document shall always be subject to the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent, such consent to be granted
at the Collateral Agents sole discretion on a case by case basis.

(b) Without
prejudice to the generality of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in this Agreement where it relates to a person
established or incorporated in Sweden or governed by Swedish law or the context so requires, a reference to:

(i)its
Organization Documents includes its certificate of registration (registreringsbevis) and its articles of association
(bolagsordning) as in force from time to time;

(ii)a
composition or arrangement with any creditor includes (A) any write-down of debt (Sw. skulduppgrelse)
following from any procedure of fretagsrekonstruktion under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. Lag om
fretagsrekonstruktion (2022:964)) (the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act), or (B) any write-down
of debt in bankruptcy (Sw. ackord i konkurs) under the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. Konkurslag (1987:672)) (the Swedish
Bankruptcy Act);

(iii)a
trustee, liquidator, receiver, compulsory manager, administrative receiver
or administrator includes (A) rekonstruktr under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act, (B) konkursfrvaltare
under the Swedish Bankruptcy Act, or (C) likvidator under the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslag (2005:551))
(the Swedish Companies Act);

(iv)a
merger, consolidation or amalgamation includes any fusion implemented in accordance
with Chapter 23 of the Swedish Companies Act and a demerger includes any delning implemented in accordance with
Chapter 24 of the Swedish Companies Act;

(v)a
winding-up, administration or dissolution includes frivillig likvidation or tvngslikvidation
under Chapter 25 of the Swedish Companies Act, a bankruptcy includes a konkurs under the Swedish Bankruptcy
Act and a company restructuring includes a fretagsrekonstruktion under the Swedish Company Reorganisation
Act;

(vi)a
guarantee includes any garanti under Swedish law which is independent from the debt to which it relates and
any borgen under Swedish law which is accessory to or dependant on the debt to which it relates;

(vii)gross
negligence means grov vrdslsthet under Swedish law; and

(viii)an
insolvency includes insolvens under the Swedish Bankruptcy Act, any konkurs under the Swedish
Bankruptcy Act, fretagsrekonstruktion under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act or tvngslikvidation
under Chapter 25 of the Swedish Companies Act.

(c)If
any party to this Agreement that is incorporated in Sweden (the Obligated Party) is required by this Agreement or any other
Loan Document to hold an amount of money on trust on behalf of another party (the Beneficiary), the Obligated Party shall
hold such money as agent for the Beneficiary on a separate account in accordance with the Swedish Funds Accounting Act (Sw. Lag om
redovisningsmedel (1944:181)).

(d)Any
transfer by novation in accordance with the Loan Documents, shall, as regards any Liens governed by Swedish law and obligations owed
by a Swedish Guarantor, be deemed to take effect as an assignment and assumption or transfer of such Liens and each such assignment and
assumption or transfer shall be in relation to the proportionate part of the security interests granted under the relevant Swedish law
governed Collateral Document.

(78) 

Section 1.04Other
Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document,
unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document:

(a)The
meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms.

(b)The
words herein, hereto, hereof and hereunder and words of similar import when used
in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof.

(c)Article,
Section, Exhibit and Schedule references are to the Loan Document in which such reference appears.

(d)The
term including is by way of example and not limitation.

(e)The
term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements
and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form.

(f)In
the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and
including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through
means to and including.

(g)Section headings
herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this
Agreement or any other Loan Document.

Section 1.05Accounting
Terms. (a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall
be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be
submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein.

(b)Notwithstanding
any changes in GAAP after the Closing Date, any lease of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries that would be characterized as an operating
lease under GAAP in effect on the Closing Date (whether such lease is entered into before or after the Closing Date) shall not constitute
Indebtedness or Attributable Indebtedness under this Agreement or any other Loan Document as a result of such changes in GAAP.

Section 1.06Rounding.
Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Lead Borrower pursuant to this Agreement (or required to be satisfied in order
for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement) shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component,
carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or
down to the nearest number (with a rounding up if there is no nearest number).

Section 1.07References
to Agreements, Laws, Etc. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references
to Organization Documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all
subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments,
restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are permitted by the Loan Documents; and (b) references to any Law
shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law.

(79) 

Section 1.08Times
of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references
to United States Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable).

Section 1.09Timing
of Payment of Performance. When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any
covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment
(other than as described in the definition of Interest Period) or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day.

Section 1.10Pro
Forma Calculations. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, financial
ratios and tests, including the Total Net Leverage Ratio, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, the Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio and compliance with covenants determined by reference to Consolidated EBITDA or Total Assets, shall be calculated
in the manner prescribed by this Section 1.10; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in clauses (b),
(d), (e), (f) or (g) of this Section 1.10, (A) when calculating any such ratio or test for purposes of (i) the
definition of Applicable Margin, (ii) the definition of Applicable ECF Percentage and
(iii) Section 7.11(other than for the purpose of determining Pro Forma Compliance
with Section 7.11), the events described in this Section 1.10 that occurred
subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period shall not be given pro forma effect and (B) when calculating any such
ratio or test for purposes of the incurrence of any Indebtedness, cash and Cash Equivalents resulting from the incurrence of any such
Indebtedness shall be excluded from the pro forma calculation of any applicable ratio or test. In addition, whenever a financial
ratio or test is to be calculated on a pro forma basis, the reference to the Test Period for purposes of calculating
such financial ratio or test shall be deemed to be a reference to, and shall be based on, the most recently ended Test Period for which
internal financial statements of the Lead Borrower are available (as determined in good faith by the Lead Borrower) (it
being understood that for purposes of determining pro formacompliance with Section 7.11,
if no Test Period with an applicable level cited in Section 7.11has passed, the applicable
level shall be the level for the first Test Period cited in Section 7.11with an indicated
level). For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of the foregoing sentence shall not apply for purposes of calculating
any financial ratio or test for purposes of (i) the definition of Applicable Margin,
(ii) the definition of Applicable ECF Percentage and (iii) Section 7.11
(other than for the purpose of determining Pro Forma Compliance with Section 7.11),
each of, which shall be based on the financial statements
delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), as applicable, for the relevant Test Period.

(c)For
purposes of calculating any financial ratio or test or compliance with any covenant determined by reference to Consolidated EBITDA or
Total Assets, Specified Transactions (with any incurrence or repayment of any Indebtedness in connection therewith to be subject to clause (e) of
this Section 1.10) that have been made (i) during the applicable Test Period or (ii) unless not applicable as described
in clause (a) of this Section 1.10, subsequent to such Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event
for which the calculation of any such ratio is made, shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming that all such Specified
Transactions (and any increase or decrease in Consolidated EBITDA, Total Assets and the component financial definitions used therein
attributable to any Specified Transaction) had occurred on the first day of the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Total Assets,
on the last day of the applicable Test Period). If since the beginning of any applicable Test Period any Person that subsequently became
a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
since the beginning of such Test Period shall have made any Specified Transaction that would have required adjustment pursuant to this
Section 1.10, then such financial ratio or test (or Total Assets) shall be calculated to give pro forma effect thereto
in accordance with this Section 1.10.

(80) 

(d)Whenever
pro forma effect is to be given to a Specified Transaction, the pro forma calculations shall be made in good faith by a
responsible financial or accounting officer of Lead Borrower and may include, for the avoidance of doubt, the amount of run-rate
cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies resulting from or relating to any Specified Transaction (including the Transactions)
which is being given pro forma effect that have been realized or are expected to be realized and for which the actions necessary
to realize such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies are taken, committed to be taken (in good faith determination
of the Lead Borrower) (calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies
had been realized on the first day of such period and as if such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies were realized
during the entirety of such period and run-rate means the full recurring benefit for a period that is associated with any
action taken, committed to be taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken (including
any savings expected to result from the elimination of a public targets Public Company Costs) net of the amount of actual benefits
realized during such period from such actions, and any such adjustments shall be included in the initial pro forma calculations
of any financial ratios or tests (and in respect of any subsequent pro forma calculations in which such Specified Transaction
is given pro forma effect) and during any applicable subsequent Test Period in which the effects thereof are expected to be realized)
relating to such Specified Transaction; provided that (A) such amounts are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable
in the good faith judgment of the Lead Borrower, (B) such actions are taken, committed to be taken or with respect to which substantial
steps have been taken or are expected to be taken no later than eighteen (18) months after the date of such Specified Transaction, and
(C) no amounts shall be added pursuant to this clause (d) to the extent duplicative of any amounts that are otherwise
added back in computing Consolidated EBITDA (or any other components thereof), whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise,
with respect to such period.

(e)In
the event that the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurs (including by assumption or guarantees) or repays (including by
redemption, repayment, retirement or extinguishment) any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving
credit facility unless such Indebtedness has been permanently repaid and not replaced), (i) during the applicable Test Period or
(ii) subject to clause (a) of this Section 1.10, subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period and prior
to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made, then such financial ratio or test shall be calculated
giving pro forma effect to such incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, in each case to the extent required, as if the same had
occurred on the last day of the applicable Test Period (except in the case of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (or similar ratio)), in
which case such incurrence, assumption, guarantee, redemption, repayment, retirement or extinguishment of Indebtedness will be given
effect as if the same had occurred on the first day of the applicable Test Period.

(f)In
connection with any action being taken in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of:

(i) determining
compliance with any provision of this Agreement (other than the Financial Covenant) which requires the calculation of any financial ratio
or test, including the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, Secured Net Leverage Ratio, Total Net Leverage Ratio and Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any financial ratio set forth in Section 2.16(d)(iii));
or

(i)[reserved];
or

(ii)testing
availability under baskets set forth in this Agreement (including baskets determined by reference to Consolidated EBITDA or Total Assets);

(81) 

in each case, at the option of the Lead Borrower
(the Lead Borrowers election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCT Election),
the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted hereunder shall be deemed to be the date the definitive agreements
for such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into (the LCT Test Date), and if, after giving Pro Forma Effect
to the Limited Condition Transaction (and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith), the Lead Borrower or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries would have been permitted to take such action on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such ratio,
test or basket, such ratio, test or basket shall be deemed to have been complied with. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Lead Borrower
has made an LCT Election and any of the ratios, tests or baskets for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date
would have failed to have been complied with as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio, test or basket, including due to fluctuations
in Consolidated EBITDA or Total Assets of the Lead Borrower or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction, at or prior
to the consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such baskets, tests or ratios will not be deemed to have failed to have been
complied with as a result of such fluctuations. If the Lead Borrower has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Transaction,
then in connection with any calculation of any ratio, test or basket availability with respect to the incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens,
the making of Restricted Payments, the making of any Permitted Investment, mergers, the conveyance, lease or other transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Lead Borrower, the prepayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or other satisfaction of Indebtedness,
or the designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary (each, a Subsequent Transaction) following the relevant LCT Test
Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the date that the definitive
agreement or irrevocable notice for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited
Condition Transaction, for purposes of determining whether such Subsequent Transaction is permitted under this Agreement, any such ratio,
test or basket shall be required to be satisfied on a Pro Forma Basis (i) assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other
transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated
and (ii) assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of
Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have not been consummated.

(g)If
any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall
be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of the event for which the calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is made
had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any interest hedging arrangements applicable to such Indebtedness);
provided, in the case of repayment of any Indebtedness, to the extent actual interest related thereto was included during all or any
portion of the applicable Test Period, the actual interest may be used for the applicable portion of such Test Period. Interest on a
Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of the Lead
Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. Interest on Indebtedness that
may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a London interbank offered rate, or
other rate, shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen
as the Lead Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary may designate.

Section 1.11Currency
Equivalents. For purposes of any computation determining compliance with any incurrence
or expenditure tests set forth in Article VI and Article VII(excluding Section 7.11)
or any definitions contained in Section 1.01, any amounts so incurred, expended or utilized (to the extent
incurred, expended or utilized in a currency other than Dollars) shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the Exchange Rate (or
on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) as in effect on the date of such incurrence, expenditure
or utilization under any provision of any such Section or definition that has an aggregate Dollar limitation provided for therein
(and to the extent the respective incurrence, expenditure or utilization test regulates the aggregate amount outstanding at any time
and it is expressed in terms of Dollars, all outstanding amounts originally incurred or spent in currencies other than Dollars shall
be converted into Dollars on the basis of the Exchange Rate (or on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent) as in effect on the date of any new incurrence, expenditure or utilization made under any provision of any such Section that
regulates the Dollar amount outstanding at any time).

(82) 

Section 1.12Exchange
Rate. (a) Not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York, New York time), on each Calculation
Date, the Administrative Agent shall (i) determine the Exchange Rate as of such Calculation Date and (ii) give notice thereof
to the Lead Borrower. The Exchange Rates so determined shall become effective on the first Business Day immediately following the relevant
Calculation Date (a Reset Date) or other date of determination, shall remain effective until the next succeeding
Reset Date, and shall for all purposes of Section 2.03 be the Exchange Rates employed in converting any amounts between Dollars
and an Alternative Currency (or any other currency other than Dollars).

(b)Not
later than 5:00 p.m. (New York, New York time), on each Reset Date, the Administrative Agent shall (i) determine the Outstanding
Amount of the L/C Obligations and (ii) notify the Revolving Credit Lenders, each L/C Issuer and the Lead
Borrower of the results of such determination.

Section 1.13Additional
Alternative Currencies. (a) The Borrowers may from time to time request that Letters
of Credit be issued in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency; provided
that such requested currency is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible
into Dollars. In the case of any such request, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the relevant
L/C Issuer.

(b)Any
such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York, New York time), fifteen (15) Business
Days prior to the date of the desired L/C Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and
the L/C Issuer, in their sole discretion). The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the relevant L/C Issuer thereof. The relevant
L/C Issuer shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York, New York time), seven (7) Business Days
after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency.

(c)Any
failure by the relevant L/C Issuer to respond to such request within the time period specified in preceding clause (b) of this
Section 1.13 shall be deemed to be a refusal by such L/C Issuer to permit Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested
currency. If the Administrative Agent and the relevant L/C Issuer each consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested
currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Lead Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to
be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Letter of Credit issued by the relevant L/C Issuer. If the Administrative Agent
shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.13, the Administrative Agent
shall promptly so notify the Lead Borrower.

Section 1.14Cashless
Settlement.

(a)Each
Lender that has elected on its respective signature page to this Agreement to exchange its Term Loans under the 2015 Credit Agreement
(each an Existing Rollover Term Loan) for Term B Loans (each such Lender, a Rolling Lender)
hereby agrees that such exchange shall occur on the Closing Date with and pursuant to the terms set forth in the Cashless Settlement
Letter in the form of Exhibit M hereto. Each Rolling Lender authorizes and instructs DBNY to enter into the Cashless Settlement
Letter on such Rolling Lenders behalf.

(b)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue, convert or rollover all or any portion of its
Loans in connection with any refinancing, replacement, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of
this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and such Lender.

(83) 

Section 1.15Rates..
The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any
liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related
to Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition
thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto, including whether the composition or characteristics of any such
alternative, successor or replacement rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same
volume or liquidity as, Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the
effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities
may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor
or replacement rate or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the BorrowerBorrowers.
The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain Base Rate, the Term SOFR
Reference Rate or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the BorrowerBorrowers,
any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential
damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation
of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

Section 1.16Finnish
Provisions. In this Agreement and/or any other
Loan Document where it relates to a party incorporated under the laws of Finland (a Finnish Party) or a matter of Finnish
law or any security interest created by any Collateral Document governed by Finnish law (Finnish Collateral):

(a)if
a Finnish Party is required to hold an amount on trust on behalf of another party (the "Relevant Beneficiary"), the Finnish
Party shall hold such money as agent for the Relevant Beneficiary in a separate account and shall promptly pay or transfer the same to
the Relevant Beneficiary or as the Relevant Beneficiary may direct;

(b)any
transfer by novation in accordance with this Agreement or other Loan Documents shall, in relation to any Finnish Collateral and obligations
owed by a Finnish Party, take effect as a transfer (siirto) and assumption of such Finnish Collateral and each such transfer shall
include a proportionate part of the security interests granted under the Collateral Document governed by Finnish law;

(c)notwithstanding
any other provisions in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, the Disposition or other release of any Finnish Collateral
which has been or should have been duly perfected in accordance with the terms of the relevant Collateral Document (including a merger,
demerger or liquidation of any Finnish Party the shares of which are constitute Finnish Collateral) shall always be subject to the prior
written consent of the Collateral Agent, such consent to be granted at the Collateral Agents sole discretion on a case by case
basis; and

(d)any
reference to:

(iii)insolvency
includes a yrityssaneeraus or konkurssimenettely under the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (Fi: konkurssilaki, 120/2004,
as amended) or the Finnish Reorganisation Act (Fi: laki yrityksen saneerauksesta, 47/1993, as amended) (as the case may be);

(84) 

(iv)a
liquidator, statutory manager, receiver, trustee, administrative receiver
or administrator includes a pesnhoitaja, selvittj, valvoja and selvitysmies
under Finnish law, as applicable;

(v)merger,
amalgamation or consolidation includes any sulautuminen implemented in accordance with Chapter 16
of the Finnish Companies Act (Fi: osakeyhtilaki, 624/2006, as amended) and demerger includes any jakautuminen
implemented in accordance with Chapter 17 of the Finnish Companies Act (Fi: osakeyhtilaki, 624/2006, as amended);

(vi)a
winding up, administration or dissolution includes any declaration of bankruptcy (asetettu
konkurssiin) or dissolution (asetettu selvitystilaan) as well as a selvitystila, purkaminen or rekisterist
poistaminen under Chapter 20 of the Finnish Companies Act (Fi: osakeyhtilaki, 624/2006, as amended);

(vii)attachment
includes a takavarikko and/or any other turvaamistoimi granted in accordance with Finnish law;

(viii)gross
negligence means trke tuottamus under Finnish law;

(ix)distribution
includes payment of group contribution (Fi: konserniavustus) and distributions from the invested unrestricted equity fund (Fi:
sijoitetun vapaan oman poman rahasto); and

(x)Organization
Documents includes kaupparekisteriote and yhtijrjestys.

Section 1.172025
Transactions. Each Lender hereby acknowledges
and agrees that the 2025 Transactions, whether consummated prior to, on or after the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, shall
be and are permitted under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document.

Article II

The
Commitments and Credit Extensions

Section 2.01The
Loans.

(a)The
Term Borrowings. (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Term Lender (other than a Rolling Lender) with
a Term B Commitment severally agrees to make to the Borrowers on the Closing Date one or more loans denominated in Dollars in an aggregate
amount not to exceed the amount of such Term Lenders Term B Commitment.

(ii) [Reserved].

(ii)(iii) Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in the 2021 Incremental Amendment, each 2021 Incremental Term Loan Lender severally, and not jointly,
agrees to make 2021 Incremental Term Loans to the Borrowers on the 2021 Incremental Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in an aggregate
amount not to exceed the amount of such 2021 Incremental Term Loan Lenders 2021 Incremental Term Loan Commitment.

(iii)(iv) Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment, (x) the 2023 Incremental Term Loan Lender
agrees to make 2023 Incremental Term Loans to the Lead Borrower on the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date in Dollars
in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of the 2023 Incremental Term Loan Lenders 2023 Incremental Term Loan Commitment
and (y) the 2023 Refinancing Term Loan Lender agrees to make 2023 Refinancing Term Loans to the Lead Borrower on the 2023 Incremental
and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of the 2023 Refinancing Term Loan
Lenders 2023 Refinancing Term Loan Commitment.

(85) 

(iv)Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in the 2025 Incremental Amendment, the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender agrees to make 2025 Incremental
Term Loans (Tranche A) and 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B) to the Lead Borrower on the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date
in Dollars in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lenders 2025 Incremental Term Loan
(Tranche A) Commitment and 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) Commitment, respectively.

(ii)Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Cashless Settlement Letter, each Rolling Lender hereby agrees that, on the Closing
Date, the amount of Existing Term Loans held by each Rolling Lender (or such lesser amount allocated to such Rolling Lender by the Administrative
Agent) shall be exchanged for Term B Loans.

(iii)Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in any Incremental Amendment or Refinancing Amendment entered into after the 20232025
Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date providing for, as applicable,
the making, exchange, renewal, replacement or refinancing of Term Loans, each Term Lender party thereto severally agrees to, as applicable,
make, exchange, renew, replace or refinance Term Loans on the date specified therein in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount
of such Term Lenders Term Commitment as set forth therein.

Amounts borrowed, exchanged, renewed, replaced
or refinanced under this Section 2.01(a) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term Loans (other
than 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B)) may be Base Rate Loans or Benchmark Rate Loans, as further provided herein.

(b)The
Revolving Credit Borrowings. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein each 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Lender severally
agrees to make 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars or Euros as elected by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.02
to the Borrowers from its applicable Lending Office (each such loan, a 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loan)
from time to time, on any Business Day during the period from the 2021 Refinancing Revolver Amendment Effective Date until the Maturity
Date, in an aggregate Dollar Amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lenders 2021 Refinancing Revolving
Credit Commitment; provided that after giving effect to any Revolving Credit Borrowing the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the
2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans of any Lender, plus such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all
L/C Obligations, plus such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such
Lenders 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitment. Within the limits of each Lenders 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit
Commitments, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.01(b), prepay
under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.01(b) until the Maturity Date. 2021 Refinancing Revolving
Credit Loans may be Base Rate Loans (if denominated in Dollars) or Benchmark Rate Loans, as further provided herein.

(86) 

Section 2.02Borrowings,
Conversions and Continuations of Loans. (a) Each Term Borrowing, each Revolving
Credit Borrowing, each conversion of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Benchmark
Rate Loans shall be made upon the Lead Borrowers irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone.
Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:30 p.m. (New York, New York time, in the case of
Borrowings denominated in Dollars, or London time, in the case of any Borrowing denominated in Euros) (i) three (3) Business
Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of or conversion of Base Rate Loans to Benchmark Rate Loans denominated in Dollars,
(ii) three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans denominated
in Euros and (iii) one (1) Business Day before the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or conversion of Benchmark
Rate Loans denominated in Dollars to Base Rate Loans. Each telephonic notice by the Lead Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must
be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed
by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans shall be in a
minimum Dollar Amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of a Dollar Amount of $250,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Section 2.03(c) or
Section 2.04(c), each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a minimum Dollar Amount of $500,000 or a
whole multiple of a Dollar Amount of $100,000 in excess thereof. Each Committed Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify
(i) whether the Borrowers are requesting a Term Borrowing, a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a conversion of Term Loans or Revolving
Credit Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion
or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted
or continued, (iv) in the case of Revolving Credit Loans, the currency in which the Revolving Credit Loans to be borrowed are to
be denominated, (v) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans (which in the case
of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Euros shall be Benchmark Rate Loans) are to be converted and (vi) if applicable, the duration
of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If (x) with respect to Benchmark Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, the Lead Borrower
fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Lead Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion
or continuation, then the applicable Class of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate
Loans or (y) with respect to Benchmark Rate Loans denominated in Euros, the Lead Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting
a continuation, then the applicable Class of Revolving Credit Loans shall be continued as Benchmark Rate Loans with an Interest
Period of one month. Any such automatic conversion pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall be effective as of the last day
of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Benchmark Rate Loans. If the Lead Borrower requests a Borrowing
of, conversion to, or continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period
(or fails to give a timely notice requesting a continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans denominated in Euros), it will be deemed to have
specified an Interest Period of one (1) month. If no currency is specified, the requested Borrowing shall be in Dollars.

(b)Following
receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Pro Rata Share of
the applicable Class of Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Lead Borrower, the Administrative
Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation described in Section 2.02(a).
In the case of each Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in the
applicable currency in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agents Office not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York, New York time)
in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, and not later than 1:00 p.m. (London time) in the case of any Loan denominated in
Euros, in each case, on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. The Administrative Agent shall make all funds
so received available to the Borrowers in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account(s) of
the Borrowers on the books of the Administrative Agent with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each
case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Lead Borrower; provided
that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing is given by the Lead Borrower, there are Swing Line
Loans or L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing shall be applied, first, to the payment in full of any such
L/C Borrowing, second, to the payment in full of any such Swing Line Loans, and third, to the Lead Borrower as provided above (it being
understood that if such Borrowing is of Benchmark Rate Loans denominated in Euros, the Lead Borrower will be deemed to have requested
that a portion of such Borrowing in an amount equal to the aggregate Swing Line Loans or L/C Borrowings that are to be repaid in accordance
with this proviso be denominated in Dollars, and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Appropriate Lender of such amount).

(87) 

(c)Except
as otherwise provided herein, a Benchmark Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such
Benchmark Rate Loan unless the Borrowers pay the amount due, if any, under Section 3.05 in connection therewith. During the
existence of an Event of Default, at the election of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, no Loans denominated in Dollars
may be requested as, converted to or continued as Benchmark Rate Loans.

(d)The
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for
Benchmark Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. The determination of the Benchmark Rate by the Administrative Agent shall
be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify
the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of any change in the prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following
the public announcement of such change.

(e)After
giving effect to all Term Borrowings, all Revolving Credit Borrowings, all conversions of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one
Type to the other, and all continuations of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest
Periods in effect.

(f)The
failure of any Lender to make the Loan to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation,
if any, hereunder to make its Loan on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender
to make the Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.

(g)Each
Lender may, at its option, make any Loan available to any Borrower by causing any foreign or domestic branch or Affiliate of such Lender
to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of such Borrower to repay such Loan
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject in each case to Sections 3.01 and 3.04 hereof.

(h)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B) shall neither be Benchmark Rate Loans nor Base Rate
Loans.

Section 2.03Letters
of Credit

(a)The
Letter of Credit Commitment.

(i)Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Revolving
Credit Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03, (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from and
including the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit at sight denominated in Dollars or
an Alternative Currency for the account of the Borrowers (provided, that any Letter of Credit may be for the benefit of any Subsidiary
of the Lead Borrower and may be issued for the joint and several account of the Lead Borrower and a Restricted Subsidiary to the extent
otherwise permitted by this Agreement; provided further, to the extent any such Subsidiary is a Non-Loan Party, such Letter of
Credit shall be deemed an Investment in such Subsidiary and shall only be issued so long as it is permitted hereunder) and to amend or
renew Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.03(b), and (2) to honor drafts under the
Letters of Credit and (B) the Participating Revolving Credit Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued
pursuant to this Section 2.03; provided that no L/C Issuer shall be obligated to make any L/C Credit Extension with
respect to any Letter of Credit, and no Lender shall be obligated to participate in any Letter of Credit if as of the date of such L/C
Credit Extension, (x) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Participating Revolving Credit Lender would exceed such Lenders
Participating Revolving Credit Commitment or (y) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations would exceed the Letter of Credit
Sublimit. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Lead Borrowers ability to obtain Letters
of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Lead Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace
Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. All Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be
issued hereunder and shall constitute Letters of Credit subject to the terms hereof.

(88) 

(ii)An
L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:

(A)any
order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L/C Issuer
from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L/C Issuer or any directive (whether or not having the force of law)
from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or direct that such L/C Issuer refrain from, the
issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer with respect to the
Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not
in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on
the Closing Date (for which such L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder);

(B)subject
to Section 2.03(b)(iii), the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve (12) months (in
the case of standby Letters of Credit) or 180 days (in the case of trade Letters of Credit) after the date of issuance or last renewal,
unless (1) each Appropriate Lender has approved such expiry date or (2) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations in respect
of such requested Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to such
L/C Issuer;

(C)the
expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless (1) each Appropriate
Lender has approved such expiry date or (2) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations in respect of such requested Letter of Credit
has been Cash Collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer and the Administrative
Agent;

(D)such
Letter of Credit would support obligations of the Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of the Senior Notes any Junior Financing
or any Equity Interest, or any other obligation of the Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries not reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent;

(E)the
issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate any Laws binding upon such L/C Issuer;

(F)such
Letter of Credit is in an initial Dollar Amount less than $100,000 (unless otherwise agreed by such L/C Issuer and the Administrative
Agent);

(G)any
Participating Revolving Credit Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless such L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements reasonably
satisfactory to it and the Lead Borrower to eliminate such L/C Issuers actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect
to Section 2.19(a)(iv)) with respect to the participation in Letters of Credit by such Defaulting Lender, including by cash
collateralizing such Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share of the L/C Obligations; and

(89) 

(H)such
Letter of Credit is denominated in a currency other than Dollars or an Alternative Currency.

(iii)An
L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) such L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time
to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does
not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the expiry date of any Letter
of Credit denominated in a currency other than Dollars must be approved by the relevant L/C Issuer in its sole discretion even if it
is less than twelve (12) months after the date of issuance or last renewal and any Auto-Extension Letter of Credit denominated in a currency
other than Dollars shall be issued only at the relevant L/C Issuers sole discretion.

(b)Procedures
for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension of Credit. (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended,
as the case may be, upon the request of the Lead Borrower delivered to an L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the
form of a Request for L/C Issuance, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower. Such Request for
L/C Issuance must be received by the relevant L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 12:30 p.m. at least two (2) Business
Days prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be; or, in each case, such later date and time as the
relevant L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in its sole discretion. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a
Letter of Credit, such Request for L/C Issuance shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the relevant L/C Issuer:
(a) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (b) the amount thereof; (c) the
expiry date thereof; (d) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (e) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary
in case of any drawing thereunder; (f) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing
thereunder; (g) the currency (which shall be Dollars or an Alternative Currency) in which the requested Letter of Credit is to be
issued will be denominated; and (h) such other matters as the relevant L/C Issuer may reasonably request. In the case of a request
for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Request for L/C Issuance shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory
to the relevant L/C Issuer (1) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (2) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall
be a Business Day); (3) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (4) such other matters as the relevant L/C Issuer may reasonably
request.

(ii)Promptly
after receipt of any Request for L/C Issuance, the relevant L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in
writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Request for L/C Issuance from the Lead Borrower and, if not, such
L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Upon receipt by the relevant L/C Issuer of confirmation from the
Administrative Agent that the requested issuance or amendment is permitted in accordance with the terms hereof, then, subject to the
terms and conditions hereof, such L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrowers
(and, if applicable, its applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be. Immediately upon the issuance
of each Letter of Credit, each Participating Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees
to, purchase from the relevant L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lenders
Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided under this Agreement times the stated amount of such Letter of Credit.

(90) 

(iii)If
the Lead Borrower so requests in any applicable Request for L/C Issuance, the relevant L/C Issuer shall agree to issue a Letter of Credit
that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit); provided that any such
Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the relevant L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve (12) month
period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than
a day (the Non-extension Notice Date) in each such twelve (12) month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter
of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the relevant L/C Issuer, the Lead Borrower shall not be required to make a specific
request to the relevant L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall
be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the relevant L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time
to an expiry date that is, unless the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations in respect of such requested Letter of Credit has been Cash
Collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to the relevant L/C Issuer, not later than the Letter of
Credit Expiration Date; provided that the relevant L/C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the relevant L/C
Issuer has determined that it would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its extended form under the terms
hereof (by reason of the provisions of Section 2.03(a)(ii) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which
may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five (5) Business Days before the Non-extension Notice Date from
the Administrative Agent, any Participating Revolving Credit Lender or the Lead Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions
specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied.

(iv)Promptly
after issuance of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit, the relevant L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Lead
Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment.

(c)Drawings
and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations. (i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice
of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the relevant L/C Issuer shall notify promptly the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent
thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the second Business Day following any payment by the relevant L/C Issuer under a Letter of
Credit with notice to the Lead Borrower (each such date, an Honor Date), the Lead Borrower shall reimburse such
L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing in Dollars (determined, for purposes of
any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, using the Dollar Equivalent (determined using the Exchange Rate calculated
as of the date when such payment is due) of such drawing), provided that if such reimbursement is not made on the date of drawing,
the Lead Borrower shall pay interest to the relevant L/C Issuer on such amount at the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans under the applicable
Participating Revolving Credit Commitments (without duplication of interest payable on L/C Borrowings). The L/C Issuer shall notify the
Lead Borrower of the Dollar Amount of the drawing promptly following the determination or revaluation thereof. If the Lead Borrower fails
to so reimburse such L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the Honor Date,
the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (determined, for purposes of any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, using
the Dollar Equivalent (determined using the Exchange Rate calculated as of the date when such payment was due) of such unreimbursed drawing)
(such amount, the Unreimbursed Amount), and the amount of such Appropriate Lenders Pro Rata Share thereof.
In such event, the Lead Borrower shall be deemed to have requested
a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without
regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to
the amount of the unutilized portion of the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments of the Appropriate Lenders and the conditions
set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). Any notice given by an L/C Issuer or the
Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing;
provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice.

(91) 

(ii)Each
Appropriate Lender (including any Lender acting as an L/C Issuer) shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make
funds available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L/C Issuer in Dollars, at the Administrative Agents
Office for payments in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided under this Agreement of the Unreimbursed
Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to
the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii), each Appropriate Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made
a Base Rate Loan under the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments to the Borrowers in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall
remit the funds so received to the relevant L/C Issuer.

(iii)With
respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions
set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have incurred from
the relevant L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall
be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Appropriate Lenders
payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall
be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction
of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03.

(iv)Until
each Appropriate Lender funds its Revolving Credit Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse
the relevant L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lenders Pro Rata Share or
other applicable share provided for under this Agreement of such amount shall be solely for the account of the relevant L/C Issuer.

(v)Each
Participating Revolving Credit Lenders obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse an L/C Issuer for
amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall
not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender
may have against the relevant L/C Issuer, either Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance
of a Default, or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in Article IV; (C) any adverse change
in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Loan Parties; (D) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by either
Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other L/C Issuer; or (E) any other circumstance, occurrence, event or condition, whether or
not similar to any of the foregoing; provided that each Participating Revolving Credit Lenders obligation to make Revolving
Credit Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other
than delivery by the Lead Borrower of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the
obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse the relevant L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by such L/C Issuer under any Letter
of Credit, together with interest as provided herein.

(vi)If
any Participating Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L/C Issuer
any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time
specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii), such L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative
Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such
payment is immediately available to such L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect.
A certificate of the relevant L/C Issuer submitted to any Revolving Credit Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to
any amounts owing under this Section 2.03(c)(vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(92) 

(d)Repayment
of Participations. A. If, at any time after an L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any
Participating Revolving Credit Lender such Lenders L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c),
the Administrative Agent receives for the account of such L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest
thereon (whether directly from either Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative
Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this
Agreement thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lenders
L/C Advance was outstanding) in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent.

(i)If
any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of an L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is
required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered
into by such L/C Issuer in its discretion), each Appropriate Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such L/C
Issuer its Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent,
plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal
to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect.

(e)Obligations
Absolute. The obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse the relevant L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit issued
by it and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following:

(i)any
lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto;

(ii)the
existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that any Loan Party may have at any time against any beneficiary
or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the relevant
L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of
Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction;

(iii)any
draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient
in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise
of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit;

(iv)any
payment by the relevant L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly
comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the relevant L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person
purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other
representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with
any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law;

(v)any
exchange, release or non-perfection of any Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from the Guaranty
or any other guarantee, for all or any of the Obligations of any Loan Party in respect of such Letter of Credit; or

(vi)any
other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might
otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan Party;

provided that the foregoing shall not
excuse any L/C Issuer from liability to the Lead Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential, punitive,
special or exemplary damages, claims in respect of which are waived by the Lead Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Law) suffered
by the Lead Borrower that are caused by such L/C Issuers gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined in a final and non-appealable
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit
comply with the terms thereof.

(93) 

(f)Role
of L/C Issuers. Each Lender and each Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the relevant L/C Issuer
shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by
the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing
or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuers, any Agent-Related Person nor any of the respective correspondents, participants
or assignees of any L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request
or with the approval of the Lenders or the Lenders holding a majority of the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable;
(ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined in a final and non-appealable
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document
or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Request for L/C Issuance. The Borrowers hereby assume all risks of the acts or omissions
of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided that this assumption is not intended
to, and shall not, preclude either Borrower from pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee
at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuers, any Agent-Related Person, nor any of the respective correspondents, participants
or assignees of any L/C Issuer, shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (vi) of
Section 2.03(e); provided that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, each Borrower may have a
claim against an L/C Issuer, and such L/C Issuer may be liable to each Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct,
as opposed to consequential, punitive or exemplary, damages suffered by either Borrower which such Borrower proves were caused by such
L/C Issuers willful misconduct or gross negligence or such L/C Issuers willful or grossly negligent failure to pay under
any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with
the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit, in each case as determined in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent
jurisdiction. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to
be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and no L/C Issuer
shall be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign
a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective
for any reason.

(94) 

(g)Cash
Collateral. (i) If, as of any Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any applicable Letter of Credit for any reason remains outstanding
and partially or wholly undrawn, (ii) if any Event of Default occurs and is continuing and the Administrative Agent or the Lenders
holding a majority of the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, require the Borrowers to Cash Collateralize the
L/C Obligations pursuant to Section 8.02 or (iii) if an Event of Default set forth under Section 8.01(f) occurs
and is continuing, the Borrowers shall Cash Collateralize the then Outstanding Amount of all of their (or, in the case of clause (i),
the applicable) L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to such Outstanding Amount determined as of the date of such Event of Default or
the applicable Letter of Credit Expiration Date, as the case may be), and shall do so not later than 2:00 P.M., New York City time, on
(x) in the case of the immediately preceding clauses (i) or (ii), (1) the Business Day that the Lead Borrower receives
notice thereof, if such notice is received on such day prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, or (2) if clause (1) above
does not apply, the Business Day immediately following the day that the Lead Borrower receives such notice and (y) in the case of
the immediately preceding clause (iii), the Business Day on which an Event of Default set forth under Section 8.01(f) occurs
or, if such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately succeeding such day. At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting
Lender, immediately upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, the Borrowers shall deliver
to the Administrative Agent Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to cover all Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iv) and
any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). For purposes hereof, Cash Collateralize means to pledge
and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the relevant L/C Issuer and the Appropriate Lenders, as collateral
for the relevant L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances (Cash Collateral) pursuant to documentation in
form, amount and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the relevant L/C Issuer (which documents are hereby
consented to by the Appropriate Lenders). Derivatives of such term have corresponding meanings. The Borrowers hereby grant to the Administrative
Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuers and the Participating Revolving Credit Lenders, a security interest in all such cash, deposit
accounts and all balances therein and all proceeds of the foregoing. Cash Collateral shall be maintained in blocked accounts at the Administrative
Agent and may be invested in readily available Cash Equivalents. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that any funds held
as Cash Collateral are expressly subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured
Parties) or that the total amount of such funds is less than the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all relevant L/C Obligations, the Borrowers
will, forthwith upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay to the Administrative Agent, as additional funds to be deposited and held
in the deposit accounts at the Administrative Agent as aforesaid, an amount equal to the excess of (a) such aggregate Outstanding
Amount over (b) the total amount of funds, if any, then held as Cash Collateral that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines
to be free and clear of any such right and claim. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit for which funds are on deposit as Cash Collateral,
such funds shall be applied, to the extent permitted under applicable Law, to reimburse the relevant L/C Issuer. To the extent the amount
of any Cash Collateral exceeds the then Outstanding Amount of such L/C Obligations and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing, the excess shall be refunded to the Lead Borrower. To the extent any Event of Default giving rise to the requirement to
Cash Collateralize any Letter of Credit pursuant to this Section 2.03(g) is cured or otherwise waived, then so long
as no other Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, all Cash Collateral pledged to Cash Collateralize such Letter of Credit
shall be refunded to the Lead Borrower. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right
or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less
than the applicable Fronting Exposure and other obligations secured thereby, the Borrowers or the relevant Defaulting Lender will, promptly
upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient
to eliminate such deficiency. In addition, the Administrative Agent may request at any time and from time to time after the initial deposit
of Cash Collateral that additional Cash Collateral be provided by the Borrowers in order to protect against the results of exchange rate
fluctuations with respect to Letters of Credit denominated in currencies other than Dollars.

(95) 

(h)Letter
of Credit Fees. The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Participating Revolving Credit Lender
in accordance with its Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement a Letter of Credit fee for each Letter
of Credit issued pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Applicable Margin times the daily maximum amount then available to be drawn
under such Letter of Credit (whether or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit if such maximum amount
increases periodically pursuant to the terms of such Letter of Credit); provided, however, any Letter of Credit fees otherwise
payable for the account of Defaulting Lender with respect to any Letter of Credit as to which such Defaulting Lender has not provided
Cash Collateral satisfactory to the L/C Issuer pursuant to this Section 2.03 shall be payable, to the maximum extent permitted
by applicable Law, to the other Lenders in accordance with the upward adjustments in their respective Pro Rata Shares allocable to such
Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.19(a)(iv), with the balance of such fee, if any, payable to the L/C Issuer for its
own account. Such Letter of Credit fees shall be computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such Letter of Credit fees shall be due and
payable in Dollars on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to
occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the applicable Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. If there
is any change in the Applicable Margin during any quarter, the daily maximum amount of each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied
by the Applicable Margin separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Margin was in effect.

(i)Fronting
Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuers. The Borrowers shall pay directly to each L/C Issuer for its own
account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by it equal to 0.125% per annum of the maximum amount then available
to be drawn under such Letter of Credit (whether or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit if such maximum
amount increases periodically pursuant to the terms of such Letter of Credit). Such fronting fees shall be computed on a quarterly basis
in arrears. Such fronting fees shall be due and payable in Dollars on the last Business Day of each of March, June, September and
December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration
Date and thereafter on demand. In addition, the Lead Borrower shall pay directly to each L/C Issuer for its own account with respect
to each Letter of Credit the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges,
of such L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are
due and payable within ten (10) Business Days of demand and are nonrefundable.

(j)Conflict
with Request for L/C Issuance. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement or any Request for L/C Issuance, in
the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Request for L/C Issuance, the terms hereof shall control.

(k)Addition
of an L/C Issuer. A Revolving Credit Lender reasonably acceptable to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent may become an
additional L/C Issuer hereunder pursuant to a written agreement among the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such Revolving
Credit Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Participating Revolving Credit Lenders of any such additional L/C Issuer.

(l)Existing
Letter of Credit. The parties hereto agree that the Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed Letters of Credit for all purposes
under this Agreement, without any further action by either Borrower.

(m)Provisions
Related to Extended Revolving Credit Commitments. If the Maturity Date in respect of any Participating Revolving Credit Commitments
occurs prior to the expiry date of any Letter of Credit, then (i) if one or more other Participating Revolving Credit Commitments
are then in effect (or will automatically be in effect upon such maturity), such Letters of Credit shall automatically be deemed to have
been issued (including for purposes of the obligations of the Participating Revolving Credit Lenders to purchase participations therein
and to make Revolving Credit Loans and payments in respect thereof pursuant to Section 2.03(c) and (d)) under
(and ratably participated in by Participating Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to) the non-terminating Participating Revolving Credit
Commitments up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the aggregate principal amount of the unutilized Participating Revolving Credit Commitments
at such time (it being understood that no partial face amount of any Letter of Credit may be so reallocated) and (ii) to the extent
not reallocated pursuant to immediately preceding clause (i) and unless provisions reasonably satisfactory to the applicable
L/C Issuer for the treatment of such Letter of Credit as a letter of credit under a successor credit facility have been agreed upon,
the Lead Borrower shall, on or prior to the applicable Maturity Date, cause all such Letters of Credit to be replaced and returned to
the applicable L/C Issuer undrawn and marked cancelled or to the extent that the Lead Borrower is unable to so replace
and return any Letter(s) of Credit, such Letter(s) of Credit shall be secured by a back to back letter of credit
from an issuer and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer or the Lead Borrower shall Cash Collateralize
any such Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 2.03(g). Commencing with the Maturity Date of any Class of Revolving
Credit Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be in an amount agreed solely with the L/C Issuer.

(96) 

(n)Letters
of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations
of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrowers shall be obligated to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer hereunder for any
and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account
of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of each Borrower, and that the such Borrowers
business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.

Section 2.04Swing
Line Loans. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line
Lender agrees to make loans in Dollars to the Borrowers (each such loan, a Swing Line Loan), from time to time on
any Business Day during the period beginning on the Business Day after the Closing Date until the date which is one Business Day prior
to the Maturity Date of the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments (taking into account the Maturity Date of any Participating Revolving
Credit Commitment that will automatically come into effect on such Maturity Date) in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding
the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Pro Rata Share or
other applicable share provided for under this Agreement of the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations of the
Lender acting as Swing Line Lender, may exceed the amount of the Swing Line Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment; provided
that, after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Revolving Credit Exposure under such Participating Revolving Credit Commitments
shall not exceed the aggregate Participating Revolving Credit Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving
Credit Loans of any Lender (other than the Swing Line Lender), plus such Lenders Pro Rata Share or other applicable share
provided for under this Agreement of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lenders Pro Rata Share or
other applicable share provided for under this Agreement of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lenders
Participating Revolving Credit Commitment then in effect; provided, further, that the Borrowers shall not use the proceeds
of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and
conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.04, prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow
under this Section 2.04. Each Swing Line Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan,
each Participating Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the
Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lenders Pro Rata Share
or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement times the amount of such Swing Line Loan.

(b)Borrowing
Procedures. Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Lead Borrowers irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and
the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative
Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall
be a minimum of $500,000 (and any amount in excess of $500,000 shall be an integral multiple of $250,000) and (ii) the requested
borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Each such telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender
and the Administrative Agent of a written Swing Line Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the
Lead Borrower. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any Swing Line Loan Notice (by telephone or in writing), the Swing
Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such
Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents
thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the
request of any Revolving Credit Lender) prior to 2:00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the
Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first proviso to the first sentence
of Section 2.04(a), or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not
then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 5:00 p.m. on the borrowing
date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Lead Borrower. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.04 or elsewhere in this Agreement, the Swing Line Lender shall not be
obligated to make any Swing Line Loan at any time when a Participating Revolving Credit Lender is a Defaulting Lender unless the Swing
Line Lender has entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to it and the Lead Borrower to eliminate the Swing Line Lenders
Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iv)) with respect to the Defaulting Lenders or Defaulting
Lenders participation in such Swing Line Loans, including Cash Collateralizing, or obtaining backstop letter of credit from an
issuer and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Swing Line Lender to support, such Defaulting Lenders or Defaulting
Lenders Pro Rata Share of the outstanding Swing Line Loans or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement. The Borrowers
shall repay to the Swing Line Lender each Defaulting Lenders portion (after giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iv))
of each Swing Line Loan promptly following demand by the Swing Line Lender.

(97) 

(c)Refinancing
of Swing Line Loans. (i) The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the
Borrowers (who hereby irrevocably authorize the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Participating Revolving Credit
Lender make a Base Rate Loan in an amount equal to such Lenders Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this
Agreement of the amount of Swing Line Loans of the Borrowers then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request
shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02,
without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized
portion of the aggregate Participating Revolving Credit Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The Swing
Line Lender shall furnish the Lead Borrower with a copy of the applicable Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice
to the Administrative Agent. Each Participating Revolving Credit Lender shall make an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share or other applicable
share provided for under this Agreement of the amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in
Same Day Funds for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agents Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the
day specified in such Committed Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii), each Participating Revolving Credit
Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan, as applicable, to the Borrowers in such amount. The
Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender. Upon the remission by the Administrative Agent to the
Swing Line Lender of the full amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have repaid the applicable
Swing Line Loan.

(ii)If
for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Revolving Credit Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i),
the request for Base Rate Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line
Lender that each of the Participating Revolving Credit Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Participating
Revolving Credit Lenders payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall
be deemed payment in respect of such participation.

(iii)If
any Participating Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender
any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time
specified in Section 2.04(c)(i), the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the
Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date
on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from
time to time in effect. If such Participating Revolving Credit Lender pays such amount, the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders
Revolving Credit Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be.
A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under
this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(98) 

(iv)Each
Participating Revolving Credit Lenders obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in
Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any
circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the
Swing Line Lender, either Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default
or the failure to satisfy any condition in Article IV, (C) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Loan Parties, (D) any breach of this Agreement, or (E) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar
to any of the foregoing; provided that each Participating Revolving Credit Lenders obligation to make Revolving Credit
Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) (but not to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans) is subject
to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the
obligation of either Borrower to repay the applicable Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein.

(d)Repayment
of Participations. (i) At any time after any Participating Revolving Credit Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation
in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute
to such Lender its Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement of such payment (appropriately adjusted,
in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lenders risk participation was funded) in the
same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender.

(ii)If
any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by
the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered
into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Participating Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender its Pro
Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest
thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate.
The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender.

(e)Interest
for Account of Swing Line Lender. The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Lead Borrower for interest on the
Swing Line Loans. Until each Participating Revolving Credit Lender funds its Base Rate Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04
to refinance such Lenders Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement of any Swing Line Loan,
interest in respect of such Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement shall be solely for the account
of the Swing Line Lender.

(f)Payments
Directly to Swing Line Lender. The Borrowers shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans
directly to the Swing Line Lender.

(g)Provisions
Related to Extended Revolving Credit Commitments. If the Maturity Date shall have occurred in respect of any Participating Revolving
Credit Commitments (the Expiring Credit Commitment) at a time when Participating Revolving Credit Commitments are
in effect (or will automatically be in effect upon such maturity) with a longer maturity date (each a non-Expiring Credit Commitment
and collectively, the non-Expiring Credit Commitments), then each outstanding Swing Line Loan on the earliest occurring
Maturity Date shall be deemed reallocated to the non-Expiring Credit Commitments on a pro rata basis; provided that (x) to
the extent that the amount of such reallocation would cause the aggregate credit exposure to exceed the aggregate amount of such non-Expiring
Credit Commitments, immediately prior to such reallocation (after giving effect to any repayments of Revolving Credit Loans and any reallocation
of Letter of Credit participations as contemplated in Section 2.03(m)) the amount of Swing Line Loans to be reallocated equal
to such excess shall be repaid or cash collateralized in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Swing Line Lender and (y) notwithstanding
the foregoing, if a Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lead Borrower shall still be obligated to pay Swing Line Loans allocated
to the Participating Revolving Credit Lenders holding the Expiring Credit Commitments at the Maturity Date of the Expiring Credit Commitments
or if the Loans have been accelerated prior to the Maturity Date of the Expiring Credit Commitment.

(99) 

Section 2.05Prepayments.
(a) (i) The Borrowers may, upon notice by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time
voluntarily prepay any Class or Classes of Term Loans and Revolving Credit Loans of any Class or Classes in whole or in part
without premium or penalty, except as set forth in Section 2.05(a)(v) with respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and, Section 2.09(c) with
respect to the 2023 Term Loans, Section 2.09(d) with respect to the 2025 Incremental Term Loans
(Tranche A) and Section 2.09(e) with respect to the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B); provided that
(1) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (A) 12:30 p.m. (New York, New York time in
the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, or London time in the case of Loans denominated in Euros) three (3) Business Days prior
to any date of prepayment of Benchmark Rate Loans (unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent) and (B) 11:00 a.m. (New
York, New York time) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans; (2) any prepayment of Benchmark Rate Loans shall be in a principal
Dollar Amount of $1,000,000, or a whole multiple of $250,000 in excess thereof; and (3) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall
be in a minimum principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire
principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Class(es) and
Type(s) of Loans and the order of Borrowing(s) to be prepaid. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate
Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lenders Pro Rata Share of such prepayment. If such notice
is given by the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due
and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Benchmark Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon,
together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. In the case of each prepayment of Loans pursuant
to this Section 2.05(a), the Lead Borrower may in its sole discretion select the
Borrowing or Borrowings to be repaid, and such payment shall be paid to the Appropriate Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro
Rata Shares or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement.

(ii)The
Borrowers may, upon notice by the Lead Borrower to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from
time to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (1) such
notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment,
and (2) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $250,000 in excess thereof
or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment.
If such notice is given by the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice
shall be due and payable on the date specified therein.

(iii)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Lead Borrower may rescind any notice of prepayment under Section 2.05(a)(i) or
2.05(a)(ii) if such prepayment would have resulted from a refinancing of all of the Facilities, which refinancing shall not
be consummated or shall otherwise be delayed.

(100) 

(iv)Each
prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(a)(i) shall be applied to one or more Classes of Term Loans as directed by the Lead
Borrower to the Administrative Agent by written notice at or prior to the time of such prepayment or, to the extent the Lead Borrower
has not provided such notice to the Administrative Agent by the time of such prepayment, ratably across each class of Term Loans. Each
prepayment of any Class of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(a)(i) shall reduce future scheduled amortization
payments of principal thereof pursuant to Section 2.07(a) as directed by the Lead Borrower by written notice to the
Administrative Agent at or prior to the time of such prepayment or, to the extent the Lead Borrower has not provided such notice to the
Administrative Agent by the time of such prepayment, in the direct order of maturity to the applicable Class of Term Loans.

(v)Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event that, on or prior to the date that is six (6) months after the 2021 Incremental Amendment Effective
Date, any Borrower (x) prepays, refinances, substitutes or replaces any 2021 Incremental Term Loans pursuant to a Repricing Event
(including, for avoidance of doubt, any prepayment made pursuant to Section 2.05(a) or Section 2.05(b)(iii) that
constitutes a Repricing Event), or (y) effects any amendment of this Agreement resulting in a Repricing Event, the Lead Borrower
shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each of the applicable Term Lenders (subject to the proviso below),
(I) in the case of clause (x), a prepayment premium of 1.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Incremental Term
Loans so prepaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced and (II) in the case of clause (y), a fee equal to 1.00% of the aggregate
principal amount of the applicable 2021 Incremental Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to such amendment. Such amounts shall be
due and payable on the date of effectiveness of such Repricing Event.

(b)Mandatory.
(i) No later than five days following the date on which financial statements have been (or are required to be) delivered pursuant
to Section 6.01(a) for each fiscal year of the Lead Borrower (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31,
2016) and the related Compliance Certificate has been (or is required to be) delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a), the Borrowers
shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate amount of Term Loans (other than Term Loans that are junior to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans
and, the 2023 Term Loans and
the 2025 Incremental Term Loans) in right of payment or right of security) in an amount equal to (A) the Applicable ECF
Percentage of Excess Cash Flow, if any, for such fiscal year minus (B) the sum of (1) all voluntary prepayments of Term
Loans during such fiscal year (in each case secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and,
the 2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans), (2) the amount
actually paid (but in no event exceeding par) in respect of Term Loans (in each case secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis
with the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and, the
2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans) purchased pursuant to Section 2.14
and Section 2.15 and (3) all voluntary prepayments of 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans during such fiscal
year to the extent the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments are permanently reduced by the amount of such payments, in the case
of each of the immediately preceding clauses (1) through (3), to the extent such prepayments are funded with Internally Generated
Cash of the applicable Borrower(s) (the difference of (A) minus (B), the ECF Prepayment Amount); provided,
however, that if at the time that any such prepayment would be required, either Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary of the
Lead Borrower) is required to prepay or offer to repurchase any Incremental Equivalent Debt or any Refinancing Equivalent Debt, in each
case that is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis, and pari passu in right of payment, with the Obligations
under 2021 Incremental Term Loans, 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans and, 2023
Term Loans and 2025 Incremental Term Loans, pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing
such Indebtedness (such Incremental Equivalent Debt or Refinancing Equivalent Debt required to be so prepaid or offered to be so repurchased,
Other Applicable Indebtedness) with any portion of the ECF Prepayment Amount, then such Borrower may apply such
portion of the ECF Prepayment Amount on a pro rata basis (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount
of the Term Loans (other than Term Loans that are junior to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and, the
2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans in right of payment or right of security)
and Other Applicable Indebtedness at such time; provided, that the portion of such ECF Prepayment Amount allocated to the Other
Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of such ECF Prepayment Amount required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness
pursuant to the terms thereof, and the remaining amount, if any, of such ECF Prepayment Amount shall be allocated to the Term Loans (other
than Term Loans that are junior to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and, the
2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans in right of payment or right of security)
in accordance with the terms hereof) to the prepayment of the Term Loans (other than Term Loans that are junior to the 2021 Incremental
Term Loans and, the 2023 Term
Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans in right of payment or right of security) and to the repurchase or prepayment of
Other Applicable Indebtedness, and the amount of prepayment of the Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(i) shall
be reduced accordingly; provided, further, that to the extent the holders of Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have
such indebtedness repurchased or prepaid, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after
the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Term Loans (other than Term Loans that are junior to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans
and, the 2023Term
Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans in right of payment or right of security) in accordance
with the terms hereof.

(101) 

(ii)If
(1) the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower Disposes of any property or assets (other than any Disposition
of any property or assets permitted by Section 7.05(a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g),
(h), (i), (k), (l), (o), (p), (r) or (s)) or (2) any Casualty Event occurs,
which results in the realization or receipt by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Net Proceeds, the Borrowers shall cause
to be prepaid on or prior to the date which is five (5) Business Days after the date of the realization or receipt by the Lead Borrower
or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Net Proceeds an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans (other than Term Loans that are junior
to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and, the
2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans in right of payment or right of security)
in an amount equal to 100% of all Net Proceeds realized or received; provided that if at the time that any such prepayment would
be required, either Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary) is required to prepay or offer to repurchase any Other Applicable Indebtedness,
then such Borrower may apply such portion of such Net Proceeds on a pro rata basis (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of the Term Loans (other than Term Loans that are junior to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and, the
2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans in right of payment or right of security)
and Other Applicable Indebtedness at such time; provided that the portion of such Net Proceeds allocated to the Other Applicable
Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of such Net Proceeds required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness pursuant
to the terms thereof, and the remaining amount, if any, of such Net Proceeds shall be allocated to the Term Loans (other than Term Loans
that are junior to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and, the
2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans in right of payment or right of security)
in accordance with the terms hereof) to the prepayment of the Term Loans (other than Term Loans that are junior to the 2021 Incremental
Term Loans and, the 2023 Term
Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans in right of payment or right of security) and to the repurchase or prepayment
of Other Applicable Indebtedness, and the amount of prepayment of the Term Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to
this Section 2.05(b)(ii) shall be reduced accordingly; provided, further, that to the extent the holders
of Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such indebtedness repurchased or prepaid, the declined amount shall promptly (and in
any event within ten (10) Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Term Loans (other than Term Loans
that are junior to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and, the
2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans in right of payment or right of security)
in accordance with the terms hereof.

(iii)If
either Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurs or issues (x) any Refinancing Term Loans (or Refinancing Equivalent Debt) after
the 20232025 Incremental and
Refinancing Amendment Effective Date resulting in Net Proceeds (as opposed to Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Equivalent
Debt arising out of a cashless exchange of existing Term Loans for such Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Equivalent Debt) or (y) any
other Indebtedness not described in the preceding clause (x) (other than, in the case of this clause (y),(y), Indebtedness
not prohibited under Section 7.03), the Borrowers shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans (other
than Term Loans that are junior to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and,
the 2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans in right of payment or
right of security) in an amount equal to 100% of all Net Proceeds received therefrom on or prior to the date which is five (5) Business
Days after such Net Proceeds are received by the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary plus the 2023
Yield Protection Fee and the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee and the 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee.

(102) 

(iv)[Reserved].

(v)If
for any reason the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures at any time exceeds the aggregate 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments
then in effect, the Borrowers shall promptly prepay or cause to be promptly prepaid 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans and Swing
Line Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided that the Borrowers
shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(v) unless after the
prepayment in full of the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans such aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures exceed
the aggregate 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect; and provided, further, that notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the sum of the aggregate Outstanding Amount of 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans and L/C Obligations
exceeds the aggregate amount of 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect by less than 5.0%, and any such excess is
due solely to movements in currency exchange rates, then the Borrowers shall not be required to take the foregoing actions to eliminate
any such excess.

(vi)Each
prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) (A) shall be applied either (x) ratably to each
Class of Term Loans then outstanding (other than any such Term Loans that are junior to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and, the
2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans in right of payment or right of security)
or (y) as requested by the Lead Borrower in the notice delivered pursuant to clause (vii) below, to any Class or Classes
of Term Loans with a Maturity Date preceding the Maturity Date of the remaining Classes of Term Loans then outstanding, (B) shall
be applied, with respect to future amortization applicable to each such Class for which prepayments will be made, in a manner determined
at the discretion of the Lead Borrower in the applicable notice and, if not specified, in direct order of maturity to repayments thereof
required pursuant to Section 2.07(a) and (C) shall be paid to the Appropriate Lenders in accordance with
their respective Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share provided by this Agreement) of each such Class of Term Loans, subject
to clause (vii) of this Section 2.05(b). Notwithstanding clause (A) above, (1) in the case of prepayments
pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(iii)(x), such prepayment shall be applied in accordance with this clause (vi) solely
to those applicable Classes of Term Loans selected by the Lead Borrower and specified in the applicable Refinancing Amendment or notice
(i.e., the applicable Refinanced Debt or Refinanced Term Loans) and (2) any Incremental Amendment or Refinancing Amendment entered
into after the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, or any Extension Amendment may provide (including on an optional
basis as elected by the Lead Borrower) for a less than ratable application of prepayments to any Class of Term Loans established
thereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for purposes of this Section 2.05(b),
the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) and 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B) shall be deemed one Class of Term Loans,
and the Lead Borrower may allocate prepayments of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans between the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A)
and 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B) in its sole discretion (i.e. such prepayments need not be ratable amongst the 2025 Incremental
Term Loans (Tranche A) and 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B).

(103) 

(vii)The
Lead Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans required to be made pursuant
to clauses (i) through (iii) of this Section 2.05(b) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the
date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed calculation of
the amount of such prepayment. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the contents of the Lead Borrowers
prepayment notice and of such Appropriate Lenders Pro Rata Share of the prepayment. Each Term Lender may reject all or a portion
of its Pro Rata Share of any mandatory prepayment (such declined amounts, the Declined Proceeds) of Term Loans required
to be made pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (iii)(y) of this Section 2.05(b) by providing written notice
(each, a Rejection Notice) to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower no later than 5:00 p.m. one Business
Day after the date of such Lenders receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent regarding such prepayment. Each Rejection Notice
from a given Lender shall specify the principal amount of the mandatory repayment of Term Loans to be rejected by such Lender. If a Term
Lender fails to deliver a Rejection Notice to the Administrative Agent within the time frame specified above or such Rejection Notice
fails to specify the principal amount of the Term Loans to be rejected, any such failure will be deemed an acceptance of the total amount
of such mandatory prepayment of Term Loans. Any Declined Proceeds shall be offered to the Term Lenders not so declining such prepayment
on a pro rata basis in accordance with the amounts of the Term Loans of such Lender (with such non-declining Term Lenders having
the right to decline any prepayment with Declined Proceeds at the time and in the manner specified by the Administrative Agent). To the
extent such non-declining Term Lenders elect to decline their Pro Rata Share of such Declined Proceeds, any Declined Proceeds remaining
thereafter shall be retained by the Borrowers (such remaining Declined Proceeds, the Borrower Retained Prepayment Amounts).

(viii)Funding
Losses, Etc. All prepayments under this Section 2.05 shall be made together with, in the case of any such prepayment
of a Benchmark Rate Loan on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period therefor, any amounts owing in respect of such Benchmark
Rate Loan pursuant to Section 3.05. Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of Section 2.05(b), so long as
no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if any prepayment of Benchmark Rate Loans is required to be made under this
Section 2.05(b), prior to the last day of the Interest Period therefor, the Borrowers may, in their sole discretion, deposit
the amount of any such prepayment otherwise required to be made thereunder into a Cash Collateral Account until the last day of such
Interest Period, at which time the Administrative Agent shall be authorized (without any further action by or notice to or from either
Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment of such Loans in accordance with this Section 2.05(b).
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Administrative Agent shall also be authorized (without any
further action by or notice to or from either Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment of the outstanding
Loans in accordance with this Section 2.05(b).

(ix)Limitation
of Prepayment Obligations. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 2.05(b), (i) to the extent any or
all of the Net Proceeds of any Disposition by a Foreign Subsidiary (Foreign Asset Sale), the Net Proceeds of any
Casualty Event incurred by a Foreign Subsidiary (Foreign Recovery Event) or Excess Cash Flow attributable to Foreign
Subsidiaries are prohibited or delayed by any applicable local law or applicable Organizational Documents of such Foreign Subsidiary
(including, without limitation, financial assistance, corporate benefit restrictions on upstreaming of cash intra group and the fiduciary
and statutory duties of the directors of such Foreign Subsidiary) to be repatriated to Luxembourg or passed on to or used for the benefit
of the Borrowers, the portion of such Net Proceeds of a Foreign Asset Sale, a Foreign Recovery Event or Excess Cash Flow so affected
will not be required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.05(b) but may be
retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary so long, but only so long, as the applicable local law or applicable organizational documents
of such Foreign Subsidiary will not permit repatriation to Luxembourg or the passing on to or otherwise using for the benefit of the
Borrowers (the Borrowers hereby agreeing to use all commercially reasonable efforts to overcome or eliminate any such restrictions on
repatriation, passing on or other use for the benefit of the Borrowers and/or use the other cash sources of the Lead Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries to make the relevant prepayment) and (ii) to the extent that the Lead Borrower has determined in good faith
that repatriation of any of or all the Net Proceeds of any Foreign Asset Sale, Foreign Recovery Event or Excess Cash Flow attributable
to Foreign Subsidiaries would have material adverse tax consequences (as reasonably determined in good faith by the Lead Borrower) with
respect to such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied
to repay Term Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.05(b) but may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary.

(104) 

Section 2.06Termination
or Reduction of Commitments.

(a)Optional.
The Lead Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the unused Commitments of any Class, or from time to
time permanently reduce the unused Commitments of any Class, in each case without premium or penalty; provided that (i) any
such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent three (3) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction,
(ii) any such partial reduction shall be in a minimum aggregate amount of $1,000,000, as applicable, or any whole multiple of $250,000,
in excess thereof and (iii) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing
Line Sublimit exceeds the amount of the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments, such sublimit shall be automatically reduced by
the amount of such excess. The amount of any such Commitment reduction shall not otherwise be applied to the Letter of Credit Sublimit
or the Swing Line Sublimit unless otherwise specified by the Lead Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lead Borrower may rescind
or postpone any notice of termination of the Commitments if such termination would have resulted from a refinancing of all of the Facilities,
which refinancing shall not be consummated or otherwise shall be delayed.

(b)Mandatory.
The 2018 Refinancing Term Loan Commitment of each Term Lender shall be automatically
and permanently reduced to $0 upon the funding of 2018 Refinancing Term Loans to be made by it on the
2018 Refinancing Amendment Effective Date pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(ii). The 2021 Incremental Term Loan Commitment
of each Term Lender shall be automatically and permanently reduced to $0 upon the funding of 2021 Incremental Term Loans to be made by
it on the 2021 Incremental Amendment Effective Date pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(iiiii).
The 2023 Incremental Term Loan Commitment of the 2023 Incremental Term Loan Lender shall be automatically and permanently reduced to
$0 upon the funding of the 2023 Incremental Term Loans to be made by it on the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date
pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(iviii).
The 2023 Refinancing Term Loan Commitment of the 2023 Refinancing Term Loan Lender shall be automatically and permanently reduced to
$0 upon the funding of the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans to be made by it on the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date
pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(iv). iii).
The 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) Commitment of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender
shall be automatically and permanently reduced to $0 upon the funding of the
2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) to be made by it on the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(iv).
The 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) Commitment of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender shall be automatically and permanently
reduced to $0 upon the funding of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B) to be made by it on the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective
Date pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(iv). The Term Commitment of each Term Lender with respect
to Incremental Term Loans or any Refinancing Term Facility established after the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective
Date, or any Extended Term Loans shall be automatically and permanently reduced to $0 upon the funding of Term Loans to be made by it
on the date set forth in the corresponding Incremental Amendment, Refinancing Amendment or Extension Amendment. The Revolving Credit
Commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender (including its 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments) shall automatically and permanently
terminate on the Maturity Date for the applicable Class of Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that (x) the foregoing
shall not release any Revolving Credit Lender from any liability it may have for its failure to fund Revolving Credit Loans, L/C Advances
or participations in Swing Line Loans that were required to be funded by it on or prior to such Maturity Date and (y) the foregoing
will not release any Revolving Credit Lender from any obligation to fund its portion of L/C Advances or participations in Swing Line
Loans with respect to Letters of Credit issued or Swing Line Loans made prior to such Maturity Date.

(105) 

(c)Application
of Commitment Reductions; Payment of Fees. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Appropriate Lenders of any termination
or reduction of unused portions of the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit or the unused Commitments of any Class under
this Section 2.06. Upon any reduction of unused Commitments of any Class, the Commitment of each Lender of such Class shall
be reduced by such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the amount by which such Commitments are reduced (other than the termination of the
Commitment of any Lender as provided in Section 3.07). All commitment fees accrued until the effective date of any termination
of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination.

Section 2.07Repayment
of Loans.

(a)Term
Loans. (i) The Borrowers shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Appropriate Lenders (A) on
the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, (x) [reserved], (y) with
respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, commencing September 30, 2021, an aggregate principal amount equal to 0.25% of the aggregate
principal amount of all 2021 Incremental Term Loans as of the 2021 Incremental Amendment Effective Date (which payments shall be reduced
as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with the order of priority set forth in Section 2.05Section 2.05 and
Section 10.07(n)), and (zy)
with respect to the 2023 Term Loans, commencing on December 31, 2023, an aggregate principal amount equal to 0.25% of the aggregate
principal amount of all 2023 Term Loans as of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date (which payments shall be
reduced as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with the order of priority set forth in Section 2.05 and Section 10.07(n)),
and (z) with respect to the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A), commencing on June 30, 2025,
an aggregate principal amount equal to 0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) as of the
2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date (which payments shall be reduced as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance
with the order of priority set forth in Section 2.05 and Section 10.07(n)); and (B) on the Maturity Date for
any Class of Term Loans, the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans of such Class outstanding on such date.

(b)Revolving
Credit Loans. The Borrowers shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Appropriate Lenders on the Maturity
Date for any Class of Revolving Credit Commitments (including 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments) the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of all Revolving Credit Loans made in respect of such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments.

(c)Swing
Line Loans. The Lead Borrower shall repay the aggregate principal amount of its Swing Line Loans on the earlier to occur of (i) the
date five (5) Business Days after such Loan is made and (ii) the Latest Maturity Date for the Participating Revolving Credit
Commitments.

(106) 

Section 2.08Interest.

(a)Subject
to the provisions of Section 2.08(b), (i) each Term Loan or Revolving Credit Loan, as applicable, that is maintained
as a Benchmark Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum
equal to the sum of (A) the Benchmark Rate for such Interest Period applicable to the currency in which such Benchmark Rate Loan
is denominated plus (B) the Applicable Margin therefor; (ii) each Term Loan or Revolving Credit Loan, as applicable,
that is maintained as a Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing
date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin therefor; and (iii) each
2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing
date at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin therefor and (iv) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the
outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable
Margin for Revolving Credit Loans.

(b)During
the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), the Borrowers shall pay interest on past due amounts
owing by it hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable Laws; provided that no interest at the Default Rate shall accrue or be payable to a Defaulting Lender so long as
such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender. Accrued and unpaid interest on such amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall
be due and payable upon demand.

(c)Interest
on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified
herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after
the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.

(d)The
provisions of this Section 2.08 (and the interest rates applicable to the various extensions of credit hereunder) shall be
subject to modification as expressly provided in Section 2.18.

(e)The
interest amount is understood as net interest after the deduction of any Swiss Withholding Tax and shall, if the interest is or becomes
subject to such tax, and should clause (a) of Section 3.01 be unenforceable for any reason, be adjusted as follows:

(i)The
amount of the payment due from the Borrowers shall be increased to an amount which (after making the deduction of Swiss Federal Withholding
Tax) leaves the Lenders entitled to such payment with an amount equal to the payment which would have been due if no deduction of Swiss
Federal Withholding Tax had been required. For such purpose, the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax shall be calculated on the full (grossed-up)
interest amount.

(ii)The
Borrowers shall provide the Lender or any other Person assigned by the Lender with the necessary documents which are required under the
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Statute and any applicable double taxation treaties between Switzerland and the jurisdiction of organization
of any Lender for relief from the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax.

(f)In
connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from
time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming
Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection
with the use or administration of Term SOFR.

(107) 

(g)Interest
on each 2023 Term Loan shall be due and payable in cash in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other
times as may be specified herein; provided that upon written notice to the Administrative Agent at any time prior to the 24 month
anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, the Borrowers may elect (such election, a PIK
Interest Election) for any Interest Period to pay interest on the Applicable Margin that accrues prior to the date that is
the 24 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date in cash and in kind as follows: (i) in
the case of any 2023 Term Loan maintained as a Base Rate Loan, 4.26% of the Applicable Margin shall be payable in cash (PIK
Election Base Rate Cash Component) and 4.75% of the Applicable Margin shall be paid in kind and (ii) in the case of any
2023 Term Loan maintained as a SOFR Loan, 4.83% of the Applicable Margin shall be payable in cash (PIK Election SOFR Cash Component)
and 5.25% of the Applicable Margin shall be paid in kind (it being understood that all interest on the 2023 Term Loans shall be paid
in cash on and after the date that is the 24 month anniversary after the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date).
Any portion of accrued interest on any 2023 Term Loan that is paid in kind pursuant to this Section 2.08(g) shall automatically,
by operation of the terms hereof, without the requirement for any Person to take any action or cause anything to be done in order to
effectuate such payment, be deemed paid on the due date therefor, by deeming the equivalent Dollar Amount of such accrued interest to
be automatically capitalized as an equivalent principal amount of the 2023 Term Loans, and, accordingly, such accrued interest amount
shall be compounded onto, and added to the aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Term Loans outstanding immediately after to such payment.
Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement
of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.

(h)Interest
on each 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) shall be due and payable in cash in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto
and at such other times as may be specified herein; provided that upon written notice to the Administrative Agent at any time prior to
the 24 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, the Borrowers may elect (such election, a
PIK Interest Election) for any Interest Period to pay interest on the Applicable Margin that accrues prior to the date
that is the 24 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date in cash and in kind as follows: (i) in
the case of any 2023 Term Loan maintained as a Base Rate Loan, 3.75% of the Applicable Margin shall be payable in cash and 4.75% of the
Applicable Margin shall be paid in kind and (ii) in the case of any 2023 Term Loan maintained as a SOFR Loan, 4.25% of the Applicable
Margin shall be payable in cash and 5.25% of the Applicable Margin shall be paid in kind (it being understood that all interest on the
2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) shall be paid in cash on and after the date that is the 24 month anniversary after the 2023 Incremental
and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date). Any portion of accrued interest on any 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) that is paid
in kind pursuant to this Section 2.08(h) shall automatically, by operation of the terms hereof, without the requirement for
any Person to take any action or cause anything to be done in order to effectuate such payment, be deemed paid on the due date therefor,
by deeming the equivalent Dollar Amount of such accrued interest to be automatically capitalized as an equivalent principal amount of
the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A), and, accordingly, such accrued interest amount shall be compounded onto, and added to the
aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) outstanding immediately after to such payment. Interest hereunder
shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any
proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law

(i)Interest
on each 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and
at such other times as may be specified herein: (i) from the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date until the 36 month anniversary
of the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date: 5.125% of the Applicable Margin shall be payable in cash and 2.50% of the Applicable
Margin shall be paid in cash or in kind at the Lead Borrowers option (the Tranche B PIK Toggle) and (ii) from
and after the 36 month anniversary of the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, the entire Applicable Margin shall be payable in
cash. Any portion of accrued interest on any 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B) that is paid in kind pursuant to this Section 2.08(i) shall
automatically, by operation of the terms hereof, without the requirement for any Person to take any action or cause anything to be done
in order to effectuate such payment, be deemed paid on the due date therefor, by deeming the equivalent Dollar Amount of such accrued
interest to be automatically capitalized as an equivalent principal amount of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B), and, accordingly,
such accrued interest amount shall be compounded onto, and added to the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans
(Tranche B) outstanding immediately after to such payment. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof
before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. The Lead Borrower may
make its Tranche B PIK Toggle election by delivery of written notice to the Administrative Agent prior to the applicable Interest Payment
Date. Absent such notice, the Lead Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to pay such portion of the accrued and unpaid interest in-kind.

(108) 

(j)(h) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, upon delivery of a certification by the 2023 Term Loan Lenders to the Administrative Agent
and the Borrowers, the 2023 Term Loan Lenders may reduce the Applicable Margin, the Floor, Base Rate
and Adjusted Term SOFR, PIK Election Base Rate Cash Component,
PIK Election SOFR Cash Component and PIK Election SOFR Cash
Component, in each case solely with respect to the 2023 Term Loans, to the extent
and as set forth in such certification. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers shall be authorized to rely on such certificate
absent manifest error.

Section 2.09Fees.
In addition to certain fees described in Sections 2.03(h) and (i):

(a)Commitment
Fee. The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender under each Class of
Revolving Credit Commitments in accordance with its Pro Rata Share or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement, a commitment
fee equal to the Applicable Margin with respect to Revolving Credit Loan commitment fees for such Class times the actual daily amount
by which the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitment for the applicable Class of Revolving Credit Commitments exceeds the sum of (A) the
Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans for such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments and (B) the Outstanding Amount
of L/C Obligations for such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that any commitment fee accrued with respect
to any of the Commitments of a Defaulting Lender during the period prior to the time such Lender became a Defaulting Lender and unpaid
at such time shall not be payable by the Borrowers so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender except to the extent that such
commitment fee shall otherwise have been due and payable by the Borrowers prior to such time; and provided, further, that
no commitment fee shall accrue on any of the Commitments of a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender.
The commitment fee on each Class of Revolving Credit Commitments shall accrue at all times from the Closing Date until the Maturity
Date for such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV
is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each of March, June, September and
December, commencing with the first such date during the first full fiscal quarter to occur after the Closing Date, and on the Maturity
Date for such Class of Revolving Credit Commitments. The commitment fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is
any change in the Applicable Margin during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Margin
separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Margin was in effect.

(b)Other
Fees. The Borrowers shall pay to the Agents such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at
the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever (except as expressly
agreed between the Borrowers and the applicable Agent).

(109) 

(c)2023
Yield Protection Fee. Upon the occurrence of a 2023 Yield
Protection Fee Trigger Event, the Borrowers shall pay the 2023 Term Loan Lenders a fee equal to:

(i) (i)with
respect to any such 2023 Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event occurring prior to the 18 month
anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, the Make-Whole Amount,

(ii) (ii)from
and after the 18 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date and prior to the 30 month anniversary
of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, an amount equal to the sum of (A) an amount equal to the aggregate
principal amount of the 2023 Term Loans subject to such 2023 Yield Protection Fee Trigger
Event multiplied by 1.136, less the amount of the 2023 Term Loans subject to the 2023 Yield Protection
Fee Trigger Event and (B) the the product of (i) the aggregate principal amount
of the 2023 Term Loans subject to such 2023 Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event multiplied by
1.136 and (ii) 3.00%,

(iii) (iii)from
and after the 30 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date and prior to the 42 month anniversary
of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, an amount equal to sum of (A) an amount equal to the aggregate
principal amount of the 2023 Term Loans subject to such 2023 Yield Protection Fee Trigger
Event multiplied by 1.136, less the amount of the 2023 Term Loans subject to the 2023 Yield Protection
Fee Trigger Event and (B) the product of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Term Loans subject to such 2023
Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event multiplied by 1.136 and (ii) 2.00%,

(iv) (iv)from
and after the 42 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date and prior to the 62 month anniversary
of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Term
Loans subject to such 2023 Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event multiplied by 1.136, less
the amount of the 2023 Term Loans subject to the 2023 Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event,
and

(v) (v)from
and after the 62 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, 0.00%

(such fee, the 2023
Yield Protection Fee). The 2023 Yield Protection Fee shall constitute
part of the Obligations payable by the Borrowers (and guaranteed by the Guarantors) in respect of the 2023 Term Loans, which Obligations
are guaranteed by the Guarantors and secured by the Collateral, and constitutes liquidated damages, not unmatured interest or a penalty,
as the actual amount of damages to the Lenders as a result of any 2023 Yield Protection
Fee Trigger Event would be impracticable and extremely difficult to ascertain. The 2023 Yield
Protection Fee is provided by mutual agreement of the Borrowers and the Guarantors and the 2023 Term Loan Lenders as a reasonable estimation
and calculation of such actual lost profits and other actual damages of such 2023 Term Loan Lenders. Without limiting the 2023 Yield
Protection Fee shall be automatically and immediately due and payable as though any 2023 Term Loans subject to such 2023 Yield
Protection Fee Trigger Event were voluntarily prepaid as of the earliest such date and shall constitute part of the Obligations payable
by the Borrowers (and guaranteed by the Guarantors) in respect of the 2023 Term Loans, which Obligations are secured by the Collateral.
The 2023 Yield Protection Fee shall also be automatically and immediately due and payable
if the 2023 Term Loans are satisfied, released or discharged by foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise), deed
in lieu of foreclosure or by any other means. THE BORROWERS AND THE GUARANTORS HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE (TO THE FULLEST EXTENT THEY MAY LAWFULLY
DO SO) THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR OTHER LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING
YIELD2023 Yield PROTECTION FEE IN CONNECTION
WITH ANY SUCH EVENTS, ANY RESCISSION OF SUCH ACCELERATION OR THE COMMENCEMENT OF ANY BANKRUPTCY OR INSOLVENCY EVENT. The Borrowers and
the Guarantors expressly agree (to the fullest extent it and they may lawfully do so)
that with respect to the 2023 Yield Protection Fee payable under the terms of this Agreement:
(i) the 2023 Yield Protection Fee is reasonable and is the product of an arms
length transaction between sophisticated business parties, ably represented by counsel; (ii) the 2023 Yield
Protection Fee shall be payable notwithstanding the then-prevailing market rates at the time payment is made; (iii) there has been
a course of conduct between the 2023 Term Loan Lenders and the Borrowers and the Guarantors giving specific consideration in this transaction
for such agreement to pay the 2023 Yield Protection Fee; and (iv) the Borrowers and
the Guarantors shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this paragraph. The Borrowers and the Guarantors
expressly acknowledge that their agreement to pay the 2023 Yield Protection Fee as herein
described is a material inducement to the 2023 Term Loan Lenders agreement to enter into this Agreement.

(110) 

(d)2025
Tranche A Yield Protection Fee. Upon the occurrence of a 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event, the Borrowers shall pay the
2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender a fee equal to:

(iii)with
respect to any such 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event occurring prior to the 18 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental
and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, the Make-Whole Amount,

(iv)from
and after the 18 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date and prior to the 30 month anniversary
of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, an amount equal to the product of (A) the aggregate principal
amount of the 2025 Term Loans (Tranche A) subject to such 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event and (B) 3.00%,

(v)from
and after the 30 month anniversary of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date and prior to the 42 month anniversary
of the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment Effective Date, an amount equal to the product of (A) the aggregate principal
amount of the 2025 Term Loans (Tranche A) subject to such 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event and (B) 2.00%, and

(vi)from
and after the 42 month anniversary of the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, 0.00%

(such
fee, the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee). The 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee shall constitute part of the Obligations
payable by the Borrowers (and guaranteed by the Guarantors) in respect of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A), which Obligations
are guaranteed by the Guarantors and secured by the Collateral, and constitutes liquidated damages, not unmatured interest or a penalty,
as the actual amount of damages to the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender as a result of any 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee Trigger
Event would be impracticable and extremely difficult to ascertain. The 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee is provided by mutual agreement
of the Borrowers and the Guarantors and the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender as a reasonable estimation and calculation of such actual
lost profits and other actual damages of such 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender. Without limiting the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection
Fee shall be automatically and immediately due and payable as though any 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) subject to such 2025
Tranche A Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event were voluntarily prepaid as of the earliest such date and shall constitute part of the Obligations
payable by the Borrowers (and guaranteed by the Guarantors) in respect of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A), which Obligations
are secured by the Collateral. The 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee shall also be automatically and immediately due and payable if
the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) is satisfied, released or discharged by foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding
or otherwise), deed in lieu of foreclosure or by any other means. THE BORROWERS AND THE GUARANTORS HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE (TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT THEY MAY LAWFULLY DO SO) THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR OTHER LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT
THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING 2025 TRANCHE A YIELD PROTECTION FEE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH EVENTS, ANY RESCISSION OF SUCH ACCELERATION
OR THE COMMENCEMENT OF ANY BANKRUPTCY OR INSOLVENCY EVENT. The Borrowers and the Guarantors expressly agree (to the fullest extent they
may lawfully do so) that with respect to the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee payable under the terms of this Agreement: (i) the
2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee is reasonable and is the product of an arms length transaction between sophisticated business
parties, ably represented by counsel; (ii) the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee shall be payable notwithstanding the then-prevailing
market rates at the time payment is made; (iii) there has been a course of conduct between the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender
and the Borrowers and the Guarantors giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the 2025 Tranche A Yield
Protection Fee; and (iv) the Borrowers and the Guarantors shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to
in this paragraph. The Borrowers and the Guarantors expressly acknowledge that their agreement to pay the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection
Fee as herein described is a material inducement to the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lenders agreement to enter into this Agreement.

(111) 

(e)2025
Tranche B Yield Protection Fee. Upon the occurrence of a 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event, the Borrowers shall pay the
2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender a fee equal to:

(i)with
respect to any such 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event occurring prior to the 12 month anniversary of the 2025 Incremental
Amendment Effective Date, the 2025 Tranche B Applicable Premium,

(ii)from
and after the 12 month anniversary of the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date and prior to the 24 month anniversary of the 2025
Incremental Amendment Effective Date, an amount equal to the product of (A) the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Term Loans
(Tranche B) subject to such 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event and (B) 3.813%, and

(iii)from
and after the 24 month anniversary of the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date, 0.00%

(such
fee, the 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee). The 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee shall constitute part of the Obligations
payable by the Borrowers (and guaranteed by the Guarantors) in respect of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B), which Obligations
are guaranteed by the Guarantors and secured by the Collateral, and constitutes liquidated damages, not unmatured interest or a penalty,
as the actual amount of damages to the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender as a result of any 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee Trigger
Event would be impracticable and extremely difficult to ascertain. The 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee is provided by mutual agreement
of the Borrowers and the Guarantors and the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender as a reasonable estimation and calculation of such actual
lost profits and other actual damages of such 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender. Without limiting the 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection
Fee shall be automatically and immediately due and payable as though any 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) subject to such 2025
Tranche B Yield Protection Fee Trigger Event were voluntarily prepaid as of the earliest such date and shall constitute part of the Obligations
payable by the Borrowers (and guaranteed by the Guarantors) in respect of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B), which Obligations
are secured by the Collateral. The 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee shall also be automatically and immediately due and payable if
the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) is satisfied, released or discharged by foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding
or otherwise), deed in lieu of foreclosure or by any other means. THE BORROWERS AND THE GUARANTORS HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE (TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT THEY MAY LAWFULLY DO SO) THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR OTHER LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT
THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING 2025 TRANCHE B YIELD PROTECTION FEE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH EVENTS, ANY RESCISSION OF SUCH ACCELERATION
OR THE COMMENCEMENT OF ANY BANKRUPTCY OR INSOLVENCY EVENT. The Borrowers and the Guarantors expressly agree (to the fullest extent they
may lawfully do so) that with respect to the 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee payable under the terms of this Agreement: (i) the
2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee is reasonable and is the product of an arms length transaction between sophisticated business
parties, ably represented by counsel; (ii) the 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection Fee shall be payable notwithstanding the then-prevailing
market rates at the time payment is made; (iii) there has been a course of conduct between the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender
and the Borrowers and the Guarantors giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the 2025 Tranche B Yield
Protection Fee; and (iv) the Borrowers and the Guarantors shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to
in this paragraph. The Borrowers and the Guarantors expressly acknowledge that their agreement to pay the 2025 Tranche B Yield Protection
Fee as herein described is a material inducement to the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lenders agreement to enter into this Agreement.

(112) 

Section 2.10Computation
of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans when the Base Rate
is determined by the prime rate shall be made on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty-five (365) days, or three
hundred and sixty-six (366) days, as applicable, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on
the basis of a three hundred and sixty (360) day year and actual days elapsed. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which
the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid; provided
that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest for
one (1) day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding
for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Section 2.11Evidence
of Indebtedness.

(a)The
Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and evidenced by
one or more entries in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent, acting solely for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 5f.103-1(c),
as agent for the Borrowers, in each case in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative
Agent and each Lender shall be prima facie evidence absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders
to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or
otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any
conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect
of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request
of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative
Agent) a Note payable to such Lender, which shall evidence such Lenders Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender
may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with
respect thereto.

(b)In
addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a)Section 2.11(a),
each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records and, in the case of
the Administrative Agent, entries in the Register, evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of
Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and
the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control
in the absence of manifest error.

(113) 

(c)Entries
made in good faith by the Administrative Agent in the Register pursuant to Section 2.11(a)Section 2.11(a) and
(b), and by each Lender in its account or accounts pursuant to Section 2.11(a)Section 2.11(a) and
(b), shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of principal and interest due and payable or to become due and payable
from the Borrowers to, in the case of the Register, each Lender and, in the case of such account or accounts, such Lender, under this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, absent manifest error; provided that the failure of the Administrative Agent or such Lender
to make an entry, or any finding that an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts shall not limit or otherwise
affect the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Section 2.12Payments
Generally. (a) All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made without condition
or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the
Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed,
at the Administrative Agents Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York, New York time) on
the dates specified herein; provided that all payments by the BorrowerBorrowers
hereunder in respect of principal of and interest on Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Euros shall be made to the Administrative
Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agents Office in Euros and
in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. (London time) on the dates specified herein. If, for any reason, the Borrower
isBorrowers are prohibited by any Law from making
any required payment hereunder in Euros that is otherwise required pursuant hereto to be made in Euros, the Lead
Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Amount of the Euro payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly
distribute to each Lender its Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received
by wire transfer to such Lenders applicable Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 2:00
p.m. (New York, New York time) in the case of payments in Dollars or (ii) after 2:00 p.m. (London time) in the case of
payments in Euros, shall, in each case, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall
continue to accrue.

(b)If
any payment to be made by the Borrowers shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following
Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be; provided that,
if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Benchmark Rate Loans to be made in the next succeeding calendar
month, such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day.

(c)Unless
the Lead Borrower or any Lender has notified the Administrative Agent, prior to the date any payment is required to be made by it to
the Administrative Agent hereunder, that the Borrowers or such Lender, as the case may be, will not make such payment, the Administrative
Agent may assume that the Borrowers or such Lender, as the case may be, has timely made such payment and may (but shall not be so required
to), in reliance thereon, make available a corresponding amount to the Person entitled thereto. If and to the extent that such payment
was not in fact made to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds, then:

(i)if
the Borrowers failed to make such payment, each Lender shall forthwith on demand repay to the Administrative Agent the portion of such
assumed payment that was made available to such Lender in Same Day Funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from
and including the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to
the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the applicable Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect; and

(114) 

(ii)if
any Lender failed to make such payment, such Lender shall forthwith on demand pay to the Administrative Agent the amount thereof in Same
Day Funds, together with interest thereon for the period from the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to
the Borrowers to the date such amount is recovered by the Administrative Agent (the Compensation Period) at a rate
per annum equal to the applicable Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. When such Lender makes payment to the Administrative
Agent (together with all accrued interest thereon), then such payment amount (excluding the amount of any interest which may have accrued
and been paid in respect of such late payment) shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in the applicable Borrowing. If such
Lender does not pay such amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agents demand therefor, the Administrative Agent may make a
demand therefor upon the Borrowers, and the Borrowers shall pay such amount to the Administrative Agent, together with interest thereon
for the Compensation Period at a rate per annum equal to the rate of interest applicable to the applicable Borrowing. Nothing herein
shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative
Agent or the Lead Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder.

A notice of the Administrative
Agent to any Lender or the Lead Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this Section 2.12(c) shall be conclusive,
absent manifest error.

(d)If
any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions
of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Borrowers by the Administrative Agent because the conditions
to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof,
the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.

(e)The
obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans are several and
not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan or to fund any such participation on any date required hereunder shall not relieve
any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other
Lender to so make its Loan or purchase its participation.

(f)Nothing
herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation
by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.

(g)Whenever
any payment received by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents is insufficient to pay in full
all amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
on any date, such payment shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent and applied by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in
the order of priority set forth in Section 8.03. If the Administrative Agent receives funds for application to the Obligations of
the Loan Parties under or in respect of the Loan Documents under circumstances for which the Loan Documents do not specify the manner
in which such funds are to be applied, the Administrative Agent may (to the fullest extent permitted by mandatory provisions of applicable
Law), but shall not be obligated to, elect to distribute such funds to each of the Lenders in accordance with such Lenders Pro
Rata Share of the sum of (a) the Outstanding Amount of all Loans outstanding at such time and (b) the Outstanding Amount of
all L/C Obligations outstanding at such time, in repayment or prepayment of such of the outstanding Loans or other Obligations then owing
to such Lender.

(115) 

Section 2.13Sharing
of Payments. (a) If, other than as expressly provided elsewhere herein, any Lender
shall obtain on account of the Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans held by it, any payment
(whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of setoff, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other
share contemplated hereunder) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase
from the other Lenders such participations in the Loans made by them and/or such subparticipations in the participations in L/C Obligations
or Swing Line Loans held by them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment
in respect of such Loans or such participations, as the case may be, pro rata with each of them; provided that if all or
any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06
(including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the purchasing Lender in its discretion), such purchase shall to that extent
be rescinded and each other Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount equal
to such paying Lenders ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such paying Lenders required
repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the
purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered, without further interest thereon. The Borrower
agreesBorrowers agree that any Lender so purchasing
a participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, exercise all its rights of payment (including
the right of setoff, but subject to Section 10.09) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the
direct creditor of the Borrowers in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive
and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.13 and will in each case notify
the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.13
shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under
this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original
owner of the Obligations purchased. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.13 or elsewhere
in this Agreement, the Lead Borrower may extend the final maturity of Term Loans and/or Revolving Credit Commitments in connection with
an Extension that is permitted under Section 2.18 without being obligated to effect such extensions on a pro rata
basis among the Lenders (it being understood that no such extension (i) shall constitute a payment or prepayment of any Term Loans
or Revolving Credit Loans, as applicable, for purposes of this Section 2.13 or (ii) shall reduce the amount of any scheduled
amortization payment due under Section 2.07(a), except that the amount of any scheduled amortization payment due to a Lender
of Extended Term Loans may be reduced to the extent provided pursuant to the express terms of the respective Extension Offer) without
giving rise to any violation of this Section 2.13 or any other provision of this Agreement. Furthermore, the Lead Borrower
may take all actions contemplated by Section 2.18 in connection with any Extension (including modifying pricing, amortization
and repayments or prepayments) determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion to be necessary and advisable to permit
such Extension, and in each case such actions shall be permitted, and the differing payments contemplated therein shall be permitted
without giving rise to any violation of this Section 2.13 or any other provision of this Agreement.

(b)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions of the preceding Section 2.13(a) shall be subject to (x) the
express provisions of this Agreement which require, or permit, differing payments to be made to non-Defaulting Lenders as opposed to
Defaulting Lenders and (y) the express provisions of Sections 2.14 and 3.07, which permit disproportionate payments
with respect to the Loans as, and to the extent, provided therein.

(116) 

Section 2.14Reverse
Dutch Auction Repurchases. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries may, at any time and from time to time, conduct
reverse Dutch auctions in order to purchase Term Loans (each, an Auction) (each such Auction to be managed by an
Auction Manager), so long as the following conditions are satisfied:

(i)each
Auction shall be conducted in accordance with the procedures, terms and conditions set forth in this Section 2.14 and Schedule
2.14;

(ii)no
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of the delivery of each Auction Notice and at the time of purchase
of any Term Loans in connection with any Auction;

(iii)the
maximum principal amount (calculated on the face amount thereof) of all Term Loans that the Borrowers offer to purchase in any such Auction
shall be no less than $10,000,000 (unless a lower amount is agreed to by the Auction Manager);

(iv)the
proceeds of Revolving Credit Loans shall not be used for a purchase of any Term Loans in connection with any Auction;

(v)the
aggregate principal amount (calculated on the face amount thereof) of all Term Loans so purchased shall automatically be cancelled and
retired by the purchaser thereof on the settlement date of the relevant purchase (and may not be resold);

(vi)no
more than one Auction may be ongoing at any one time;

(vii)each
Lender participating in any Auction acknowledges and agrees that in connection with such Auction, (1) the Borrowers then may have,
and later may come into possession of, information regarding the Term Loans or the Loan Parties hereunder that is not known to such Lender
and that may be material to a decision by such Lender to participate in such Auction (Excluded Information), (2) such
Lender has independently and, without reliance on either Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, the Auction Manager or any of their respective
Affiliates, has made its own analysis and determination to participate in such Auction notwithstanding such Lenders lack of knowledge
of the Excluded Information and (3) none of Holdings, its Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent, the Auction Manager or any of
their respective Affiliates shall have any liability to such Lender, and such Lender hereby waives and releases, to the extent permitted
by law, any claims such Lender may have against either Borrower, its Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent, the Auction Manager and
their respective Affiliates, under applicable laws or otherwise, with respect to the nondisclosure of the Excluded Information. Each
Lender participating in any Auction further acknowledges that the Excluded Information may not be available to the Auction Manager or
the other Lenders; and

(viii)at
the time of each purchase of Term Loans through an Auction, the Lead Borrower shall have delivered to the Auction Manager an Officers
Certificate of the Lead Borrower certifying as to compliance with preceding clauses (ii) and (iv).

(117) 

(b)The
Lead Borrower must terminate an Auction if it fails to satisfy one or more of the conditions set forth above which are required to be
met at the time which otherwise would have been the time of purchase of Term Loans pursuant to the respective Auction. If the Lead Borrower
commences any Auction (and all relevant requirements set forth above which are required to be satisfied at the time of the commencement
of the respective Auction have in fact been satisfied), and if at such time of commencement the Lead Borrower reasonably believes that
all required conditions set forth above which are required to be satisfied at the time of the purchase of Term Loans pursuant to such
Auction shall be satisfied, then the Lead Borrower shall have no liability to any Lender for any termination of the respective Auction
as a result of its failure to satisfy one or more of the conditions set forth above which are required to be met at the time which otherwise
would have been the time of purchase of Term Loans pursuant to the respective Auction, and any such failure shall not result in any Default
hereunder. With respect to all purchases of Term Loans made by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Section 2.14,
(x) Holdings or such Subsidiary (as applicable) shall pay on the settlement date of each such purchase all accrued and unpaid interest
(except to the extent otherwise set forth in the relevant offering documents), if any, on the purchased Term Loans up to the settlement
date of such purchase and (y) such purchases (and the payments made by Holdings or such Subsidiary (as applicable) and the cancellation
of the purchased Term Loans, in each case in connection therewith) shall not constitute voluntary or mandatory payments or prepayments
for purposes of determining compliance with Sections 2.05 or Section 2.13.

(c)The
Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the Auctions and the other transactions contemplated by this Section 2.14
(provided that no Lender shall have an obligation to participate in any such Auctions) and hereby waive the requirements of
any provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections 2.05 and Section 2.13 (it being understood
and acknowledged that purchases of the Term Loans by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries contemplated by this Section 2.14
shall not constitute Investments by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries)) or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any
Auction or any other transaction contemplated by this Section 2.14. The Auction Manager acting in its capacity as such hereunder
shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of Article IX and Section 10.04 mutatis mutandis as if each
reference therein to the Administrative Agent were a reference to the Auction Manager, and the Administrative Agent shall
cooperate with the Auction Manager as reasonably requested by the Auction Manager in order to enable the Auction Manager to perform its
responsibilities and duties in connection with each Auction.

Section 2.15Open
Market Purchases. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Credit
Agreement or any other Loan Document, Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries may, at any time and from time to time, make open market purchases
of Term Loans (each, an Open Market Purchase), so long as the following conditions are satisfied:

(i)no
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such Open Market Purchase;

(ii)the
aggregate principal amount (calculated on the face amount thereof) of all Term Loans so purchased shall automatically be cancelled and
retired by the purchaser thereof on the settlement date of the relevant purchase (and may not be resold); and

(iii)the
proceeds of Revolving Credit Loans shall not be used for a purchase of any Term Loans in connection with any Auction.

(b)With
respect to all purchases of Term Loans made by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Section 2.15, (x) Holdings
or such Subsidiary (as applicable) shall pay on the settlement date of each such purchase all accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on
the purchased Term Loans up to the settlement date of such purchase (except to the extent otherwise set forth in the relevant purchase
documents as agreed by the respective selling Lender) and (y) such purchases (and the payments made by Holdings or such Subsidiary
(as applicable) and the cancellation of the purchased Term Loans, in each case in connection therewith) shall not constitute voluntary
or mandatory payments or prepayments for purposes of Sections 2.05 or Section 2.13.

(c)The
Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the Open Market Purchases contemplated by this Section 2.15 and hereby
waive the requirements of any provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 2.05 and Section 2.13
(it being understood and acknowledged that purchases of the Term Loans contemplated by this Section 2.15 shall not constitute
Investments by the Borrowers)) or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any Open Market Purchase by this Section 2.15.

(118) 

Section 2.16Incremental
Credit Extensions.

(a)Incremental
Commitments. The Borrowers may at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date, by notice from the Lead Borrower to the Administrative
Agent (an Incremental Loan Request), request (A) one or more new commitments which may be of the same Class as
any outstanding Term Loans (a Term Loan Increase) or a new Class of term loans (collectively with any Term
Loan Increase, the Incremental Term Commitments) and/or (B) one or more increases in the amount of the Revolving
Credit Commitments (a Revolving Commitment Increase) or the establishment of one or more new revolving credit commitments
(any such new commitments, collectively with any Revolving Commitment Increases, the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments
and the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, collectively with any Incremental Term Commitments, the Incremental Commitments),
whereupon the Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver a copy to each of the Lenders.

(b)Incremental
Loans. On the applicable date (each, an Incremental Facility Closing Date) specified in any Incremental Amendment
(including through any Term Loan Increase or Revolving Commitment Increase, as applicable), subject to the satisfaction of the terms
and conditions in this Section 2.16 and in the applicable Incremental Amendment, (i) (A) each Incremental Term
Lender of such Class shall make a Loan to the Borrowers (an Incremental Term Loan) in an amount equal to its
Incremental Term Commitment of such Class and (B) each Incremental Term Lender of such Class shall become a Lender hereunder
with respect to the Incremental Term Commitment of such Class and the Incremental Term Loans of such Class made pursuant thereto
and (ii) (A) each Incremental Revolving Credit Lender of such Class shall make its Commitment available to the Borrowers
(when borrowed, an Incremental Revolving Credit Loan and collectively with any Incremental Term Loan, an Incremental
Loan) in an amount equal to its Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class and (B) each Incremental Revolving
Credit Lender of such Class shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment of such
Class and the Incremental Revolving Credit Loans of such Class made pursuant thereto.

(c)Incremental
Loan Request. Each Incremental Loan Request from the Lead Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.16 shall set forth the
requested amount and proposed terms of the relevant Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments. Incremental Term
Loans may be made, and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments may be provided, by any existing Lender (but no existing Lender will
have an obligation to make any Incremental Commitment, nor will the Lead Borrower have any obligation to approach any existing Lender
to provide any Incremental Commitment) or by any Additional Lender (each such existing Lender or Additional Lender providing such Commitment
or Loan, an Incremental Revolving Credit Lender or Incremental Term Lender, as applicable,
and, collectively, the Incremental Lenders); provided that the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender
and each L/C Issuer shall have consented (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to such Additional Lenders making such Incremental
Term Loans or providing such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, to the extent such consent, if any, would be required under Section 10.07(b) for
an assignment of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, to such Lender or Additional Lender.

(119) 

(d)Effectiveness
of Incremental Amendment. The effectiveness of any Incremental Amendment, and the Incremental Commitments thereunder, shall be subject
to the satisfaction on the applicable date (which shall be no earlier than the date of such Incremental Amendment) specified therein
(the Incremental Amendment Date) of each of the following conditions, together with any other conditions set forth
in the Incremental Amendment:

(i)after
giving effect to such Incremental Commitments, the conditions of Section 4.02 shall be satisfied (it being understood that
all references to the date of such Credit Extension or similar language in such Section 4.02 shall be deemed
to refer to the Incremental Amendment Date); provided that such Incremental Amendment may include a waiver by the Incremental
Lenders party thereto of the condition set forth in Section 4.02(c) and, in connection with any Incremental Commitment
the primary purpose of which is to finance a Permitted Acquisition, a waiver in full or in part of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02(a) (other
than the accuracy, to the extent required under Section 4.02(a), of any Specified Representations (as conformed to apply
to such acquisition, including giving effect to any certain funds conditions with respect to the Collateral)) and Section 4.02(b) (other
than with respect to any Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f));

(ii)except
with respect to the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche B) Commitment, each Incremental Term Commitment
shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than $5,000,000 and shall be in an increment of $1,000,000 (provided
that such amount may be less than $5,000,000 if such amount represents all remaining availability under the limit set forth in Section 2.16(d)(iii))
and each Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than $5,000,000 and shall
be in an increment of $1,000,000 (provided that such amount may be less than $5,000,000 if such amount represents all remaining
availability under the limit set forth in Section 2.16(d)(iii));

(iii)(A) after
giving Pro Forma Effect to both (x) the making of Incremental Term Loans or establishment of Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments
(assuming a borrowing of the maximum amount of Loans available thereunder) under such Incremental Amendment and (y) any Specified
Transactions consummated in connection therewith, (1) if such Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments
rank pari passu in right of security with the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans incurred under
the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments and, 2023
Term Loans and 2025 Incremental Term Loans, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed
2.00:1.00 or (2) if such Incremental Term Loans rank junior in right of security with the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, 2021 Refinancing
Revolving Credit Loans incurred under the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments and, 2023
Term Loans and 2025 Incremental Term Loans, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed
2.00:1.00; or

(B)together
with the Incremental Term Loans made and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments established under such Incremental Amendment, the aggregate
principal amount of Incremental Term Loans made and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments established under this clause (B) (plus
Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred in reliance on clause (i)(B) of the proviso of Section 2.16(h)) does not
exceed the sum of (i) $385,000,000 plus (ii) the principal
amount of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans plus (iii) the principal amount of any voluntary prepayments of Term Loans (limited,
in the case of Incremental Term Loans, to the principal amount of voluntary prepayments of Incremental Term Loans incurred pursuant to
the preceding clause (i)) (other than to the extent made with the proceeds of Indebtedness (other than the incurrence of Revolving Credit
Loans or extensions of credit under any other revolving credit or similar facility)); provided that it is understood that Incremental
Term Loans and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments may be incurred under either clause (A) or clause (B) as
selected by the Lead Borrower in its sole discretion, including by designating any portion of Incremental Commitments in excess of an
amount permitted to be incurred under clause (A) at the time of such incurrence as incurred under clause (B); andprovided
further that it is understood that immediately after the occurrence of the 2025 Incremental Amendment Effective Date and incurrence of
the 2025 Incremental Term Loans, the remaining availability under clause (i) hereof is $0; and

(120) 

(iv)to
the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of (A) customary legal opinions,
board resolutions and officers certificates (including solvency certificates) consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date
(conformed as appropriate) other than changes to such legal opinions resulting from a change in law, change in fact or change to counsels
form of opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (B) reaffirmation agreements and/or such amendments to the
Collateral Documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in order to ensure that such Incremental Lenders are
provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents.

(e)Required
Terms. The terms, provisions and documentation of the Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Term Commitments or the Incremental
Revolving Credit Loans and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, as the case may be, of any Class shall be as agreed between
the Lead Borrower and the applicable Incremental Lenders providing such Incremental Commitments, and except as otherwise set forth herein,
to the extent not identical to any Class of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, each existing on the Incremental
Facility Closing Date, shall be consistent with clauses (i) through (iii) below, as applicable, and otherwise reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (except for covenants or other provisions (a) conformed (or added) in the Loan Documents
pursuant to the related Incremental Amendment, (x) in the case of any Class of Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Term
Commitments, for the benefit of the Term Lenders and (y) in the case of any Class of Incremental Revolving Credit Loans and
Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders or (b) applicable only to periods after
the Latest Maturity Date as of the Incremental Amendment Date); provided that in the case of a Term Loan Increase or a Revolving
Commitment Increase, the terms, provisions and documentation (other than the Incremental Amendment evidencing such increase) of such
Term Loan Increase or Revolving Commitment Increase shall be identical (other than, solely in the case of a Revolving Commitment Increase,
with respect to upfront fees, OID or similar fees) to the applicable Class of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments being increased,
in each case, as existing on the Incremental Facility Closing Date. In any event:

(i)the
Incremental Term Loans:

(A)(I) shall
rank pari passu or junior in right of payment with the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments
and the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans thereunder and the,
2023 Term Loans and 2025 Incremental Term Loans, (II) no Person other than a
Loan Party shall provide a Guarantee or otherwise be an obligor with respect to such Incremental Term Loans, (III) the obligations
in respect thereof shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset other than the Collateral and (IV) shall rank pari passu or junior
in right of security with the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans and
the, 2023 Term Loans and 2025 Incremental Term Loans
(and subject to a Subordination Agreement (if subject to payment subordination) and/or a Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement (if subject
to lien subordination) (or, alternatively, terms in the Incremental Amendment substantially similar to those in such applicable agreement,
as agreed by the Lead Borrower and Administrative Agent) or other lien subordination and intercreditor arrangement satisfactory to the
Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent),

(B)as
of the Incremental Amendment Date, shall not have a final scheduled maturity date earlier than the Maturity Date of the 2021 Incremental
Term Loans, the 2023 Term Loans, the 2025 Incremental Term Loans or any Extended Term Loans as
to which the 2021 Incremental Term Loans or, the
2023 Term Loans or the 2025 Incremental Term Loans were the Existing Term Loan Tranche,

(121) 

(C)as
of the Incremental Amendment Date, shall have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity not shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life
to Maturity of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, the 2023 Term Loans, the 2025 Incremental Term Loans
or any Extended Term Loans as to which the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, or the 2023
Term Loans, or the 2025 Incremental Term Loans were the Existing Term Loan Tranche,

(D)shall
have an Applicable Margin, and subject to clauses (e)(i)(B) and (e)(i)(C) above, amortization determined by the Lead Borrower
and the applicable Incremental Term Lenders; provided the Applicable Margin and amortization for a Term Loan Increase shall be (x) the
Applicable Margin and amortization for the Class being increased or (y) in the case of the Applicable Margin, higher than the
Applicable Margin for the Class being increased as long as the Applicable Margin for the Class being increased shall be automatically
increased as and to the extent necessary to eliminate such deficiency,

(E)shall
have fees determined by the Lead Borrower and the applicable Incremental Term Loan arranger(s), and

(F)may
participate on (I) a pro rata basis, less than pro rata basis or greater than pro rata basis in any voluntary prepayments of Term
Loans hereunder and (II) a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis (but not on a greater than pro rata basis except for prepayments
pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(iii)(Section 2.05(b)(iii)(x) and
2.05(b)(vi)(A)(y)) in any mandatory prepayments of Term Loans hereunder; provided that any such Incremental Term Loans that are junior
in right of payment or security with respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans and,
the 2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans may
only participate in any such mandatory prepayments on a junior basis to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, the 2023 Term Loans,
the 2025 Incremental Term Loans and any then-existing Term Loans that are pari passu in right of payment and security with the
2021 Incremental Term Loans, and the 2023 Term Loans and
the 2025 Incremental Term Loans;

(ii)the
Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and Incremental Revolving Credit Loans:

(A)(I) shall
rank pari passu or junior in right of payment with the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments
and the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans thereunder and,
the 2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans, (II) no
Person other than a Loan Party shall provide a Guarantee or otherwise be an obligor with respect to such Incremental Revolving Credit
Commitments and Incremental Revolving Credit Loans, (III) the obligations in respect thereof shall not be secured by any Lien on
any asset other than the Collateral and (IV) shall rank pari passu in right of security with the 2021 Incremental Term Loans,
2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans available under the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments and,
the 2023 Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans,

(B)(I) shall
not have a final scheduled maturity date or commitment reduction date earlier than the Maturity Date with respect to the 2021 Refinancing
Revolving Credit Commitments and (II) shall not have any scheduled amortization or mandatory commitment reduction prior to the Maturity
Date with respect to the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments,

(122) 

(C)shall
provide that the borrowing and repayment (except for (1) payments of interest and fees at different rates on Incremental Revolving
Credit Commitments (and related outstandings), (2) repayments required upon the Maturity Date of the Incremental Revolving Credit
Commitments and (3) repayment made in connection with a permanent repayment and the termination or reduction of commitments (in
accordance with clause (E) below)) of Loans with respect to Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments after the associated Incremental
Facility Closing Date shall be made on a pro rata basis or less than a pro rata basis (but not more than a pro rata
basis) with all other Revolving Credit Commitments then existing on the Incremental Facility Closing Date,

(D)may
be elected to be included as additional Participating Revolving Credit Commitments under the Incremental Amendment (or in the case of
any Revolving Commitment Increase to an existing Class of Participating Revolving Credit Commitments, shall be included), subject
to (other than in the case of a Revolving Commitment Increase) the consent of the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer, and on the Incremental
Facility Closing Date all Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Participating
Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with their percentage of the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments existing after giving
effect to such Incremental Amendment, provided, such election may be made conditional upon the maturity of one or more other Participating
Revolving Credit Commitments, provided, further, that in connection with such election the Swing Line Lender or the L/C
Issuers may, in their sole discretion and with the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed),
agree in the applicable Incremental Amendment to increase the Swing Line Sublimit or the Letter of Credit Sublimit so long as such increase
does not exceed the amount of the additional Participating Revolving Credit Commitments,

(E)may
provide that the permanent repayment of Revolving Credit Loans in connection with or permanent reduction or termination of, Incremental
Revolving Credit Commitments after the associated Incremental Facility Closing Date be made on a pro rata basis, less than pro
rata basis or greater than pro rata basis with all other Revolving Credit Commitments,

(F)shall
provide that assignments and participations of Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and Incremental Revolving Credit Loans shall
be governed by the same assignment and participation provisions applicable to Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Credit Loans
then existing on the Incremental Facility Closing Date,

(G)shall
have an Applicable Margin determined by the BorrowerBorrowers and
the applicable Incremental Revolving Credit Lenders; provided that the Applicable Margin for a Revolving Commitment Increase shall
be (x) the Applicable Margin for the Class being increased or (y) higher than the Applicable Margin for the Class being
increased as long as the Applicable Margin for the Class being increased shall be automatically increased as and to the extent necessary
to eliminate such deficiency, and

(H)shall
have fees determined by the Lead Borrower and the applicable Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment arranger(s).

(123) 

(iii)the
All-In Yield applicable to the Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Loans of each Class shall be determined by
the Lead Borrower and the applicable Incremental Lenders and shall be set forth in each applicable Incremental Amendment; provided,
however, that with respect to any Loans made within twelve (12) months after the 2021 Incremental Term Loan Effective Date under
Incremental Term Commitments that are pari passu in right of payment and security with the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, the All-In
Yield applicable to such Incremental Term Loans shall not be greater than the applicable All-In Yield payable with respect to 2021 Incremental
Term Loans pursuant to the terms of this Agreement as amended through the date of such calculation plus 75 basis points per annum
unless the interest rate (together with, as provided in the proviso below, the Benchmark Rate or Base Rate floor) with respect to the
2021 Incremental Term Loans is increased so as to cause the then applicable All-In Yield on the 2021 Incremental Term Loans under this
Agreement to equal the All-In Yield then applicable to the Incremental Term Loans minus 75 basis points; provided, further,
that any increase in All-In Yield to any 2021 Incremental Term Loan due to the application or imposition of a Benchmark Rate or Base
Rate floor on any Incremental Term Loan shall be effected solely through an increase in (or implementation of, as applicable) any Benchmark
Rate or Base Rate floor applicable to such 2021 Incremental Term Loan; provided, further, that the provisos to this clause
(iii) shall not apply to Incremental Facilities (a) incurred in connection with a Permitted Investment or Permitted Acquisition,
(b) in an aggregate principal amount for all Incremental Facilities excluded by operation of this clause (b) less than the
greater of (x) $150.0 million and (y) 35.0% of Consolidated EBITDA, (c) having a maturity date that is one year after
the Maturity Date of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans or (d) that are not in the form of broadly syndicated floating rate U.S. dollar
term loans.

(f)Incremental
Amendment. Commitments in respect of Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments shall become additional
Commitments pursuant to an amendment (an Incremental Amendment) to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other
Loan Documents, executed by the BorrowerBorrowers,
each Incremental Lender providing such Commitments, the Administrative Agent and, for purposes of any election and/or increase to the
Swing Line Sublimit or Letter of Credit Sublimit pursuant to Section 2.16(e)(ii)(D), the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer.
The Incremental Amendment may, without the consent of any other Loan Party, Agent or Lender, effect such amendments to this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower,
to effect the provisions of this Section 2.16, including amendments as deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent in its
reasonable judgment to effect any lien or payment subordination and associated rights of the applicable Lenders to the extent any Incremental
Loans are to rank junior in right of security or payment or to address technical issues relating to funding and payments. The Borrowers
will use the proceeds of the Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments for any purpose not prohibited by this
Agreement.

(g)Reallocation
of Revolving Credit Exposure. Upon any Incremental Facility Closing Date on which Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments are effected
through a Revolving Commitment Increase pursuant to this Section 2.16, (a) each of the Revolving Credit Lenders of the
Class of Revolving Credit Commitments subject to such Revolving Commitment Increase shall assign to each of the Incremental Revolving
Credit Lenders, and each of the Incremental Revolving Credit Lenders shall purchase from each of such Revolving Credit Lenders, at the
principal amount thereof, such interests in the Incremental Revolving Credit Loans outstanding on such Incremental Facility Closing Date
as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases, the Revolving Credit Loans of the Class of
Revolving Credit Commitments subject to such Revolving Commitment Increase will be held by existing Revolving Credit of the Class of
Revolving Credit Commitments subject to such Revolving Commitment Increase and Incremental Revolving Credit Lenders ratably in accordance
with their Revolving Credit Commitments of the Class of Revolving Credit Commitments subject to such Revolving Commitment Increase
after giving effect to the addition of such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments to such Revolving Credit Commitments, (b) each
Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment shall be deemed for all purposes a Revolving Credit Commitment and each Loan made thereunder
shall be deemed, for all purposes, a Revolving Credit Loan and (c) each Incremental Revolving Credit Lender shall become a Lender
with respect to the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and all matters relating thereto. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders
hereby agree that the minimum borrowing and prepayment requirements in Section 2.02 and Section 2.05(a) of
this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence.

(124) 

(h)Incremental
Equivalent Debt. The Borrowers may, upon notice by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time
after the Closing Date, issue, incur or otherwise obtain Indebtedness of Borrowers in respect of one or more series of senior or subordinated
notes or loans (which may be secured on a junior lien basis or a pari passu basis with the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, the 2023
Term Loans, the 2025 Incremental Term Loans and Revolving Credit Loans), and, in the case of
notes, issued in a public offering, Rule 144A or other private placement or bridge in lieu of the foregoing, in each case, that
are issued or made in lieu of Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and/or Incremental Term Commitments (the Incremental
Equivalent Debt); provided that (i) (A) after giving Pro Forma Effect to both (x) the issuance or incurrence
of such Incremental Equivalent Debt (assuming a borrowing of the maximum credit available thereunder) and (y) any Specified Transactions
consummated in connection therewith, (1) if such Incremental Equivalent Debt ranks pari passu in right of security with the
Term B Loans and Revolving Credit Loans, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed 2.00:1.00 and (2) if such Incremental
Equivalent Debt ranks junior in right of security with the Term B Loans and Revolving Credit Loans, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio does
not exceed 2.00:1.00 or (B) together with such Incremental Equivalent Debt, the aggregate principal amount of Incremental Equivalent
Debt incurred or issued under this clause (B) and Incremental Term Loans made and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments
established under Section 2.16(d)(iii)(B) does not exceed the sum of (a) $385,000,000 plus (b) the
principal amount of any voluntary prepayments of Term Loans (other than to the extent made with the proceeds of Indebtedness (other than
the incurrence of Revolving Credit Loans or extensions of credit under any other revolving credit or similar facility)), (ii) no
Person other than a Loan Party shall provide a Guarantee or otherwise be an obligor with respect to such Incremental Equivalent Debt,
(iii) the obligations in respect thereof shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset other than the Collateral, (iv) no Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would exist immediately after giving effect to such incurrence, (v) the security
agreements and other collateral documents relating to such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be substantially similar to the Collateral
Documents (with such differences as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), (vi) if such Incremental Equivalent
Debt is (a) secured on a pari passu basis with the Term B Loans and Revolving Credit Loans, then such Incremental Equivalent
Debt shall be subject to a new or then-existing First Lien Intercreditor Agreement to which a Senior Representative acting on behalf
of the holders of such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall become a party or otherwise subject to another lien subordination or intercreditor
arrangement satisfactory to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent or (b) secured
on a junior basis with the Term B Loans and Revolving Credit Loans, then such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be subject to a new or
then-existing Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement to which a Senior Representative of the holders of such Incremental Equivalent Debt
shall become a party or otherwise subject to another lien subordination and intercreditor arrangement satisfactory to the Lead Borrower
and the Administrative Agent, (vii) such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall have a final maturity date which is no earlier than the
then Maturity Date and a Weighted Average Life to Maturity which is no shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term
B Loans, (viii) such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall not be subject to any mandatory redemption or prepayment provisions or rights
(except to the extent any such mandatory redemption or prepayment is required to be applied pro rata (but not greater than pro
rata) to the Term Loans required to be secured on a first lien basis, except with respect to customary AHYDO catch up payments
and except with respect to customary offers to repurchase and prepayment events upon a change of control, asset sale or event of loss
and a customary acceleration right after an event of default; provided that any such Incremental Equivalent Debt that is junior
in right of payment or security with respect to the Term B Loans may only participate in any such mandatory repurchases and prepayments
with respect to customary offers to repurchase and prepayment events upon an asset sale or event of loss on a junior basis to the Term
B Loans and any then-existing Term Loans that are pari passu in right of payment and security with the Term B Loans), (ix) the
provisions set forth in Section 2.16(e)(iii) shall apply to any Incremental Equivalent Debt in the form of loans that
ranks pari passu in right of payment and security with the Term B Loans and Revolving Credit Loans as if such Incremental Equivalent
Debt were a Class of Incremental Term Loans that is pari passu in right of payment and security with the Term B Loans and
(x) except as otherwise set forth in this clause (h), such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall have terms and conditions (other
than with respect to pricing, fees, rate floors and optional prepayment or redemption terms) substantially similar to, or (taken as a
whole) no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower) to the lenders or holders providing such Incremental Equivalent
Debt, than those applicable to the Term B Loans (except for covenants or other provisions (a) conformed (or added) in the Loan Documents,
for the benefit of the Lenders holding Term B Loans, pursuant to an amendment thereto subject solely to the reasonable satisfaction of
the Administrative Agent or (b) applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of the issuance or incurrence
of such Incremental Equivalent Debt) or such terms and conditions shall be current market terms for such type of Incremental Equivalent
Debt (as reasonably determined in good faith by the Lead Borrower). It is understood that Incremental Equivalent Debt may be incurred
under either clause (i)(A) or clause (i)(B) of the immediately preceding sentence as selected by the Lead Borrower
in its sole discretion, including by designating any portion of Incremental Equivalent Debt in excess of an amount permitted to be incurred
under such clause (i)(A) at the time of such incurrence as incurred under such clause (i)(B).

(125) 

(i)Any
portion of any Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Term Commitments, Incremental Revolving Credit Loans and Incremental Revolving
Credit Commitments incurred under Section 2.16(d)(iii)(B) or Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred under Section 2.16(h)(i)(B) may
be reclassified, as the Lead Borrower elects from time to time, as incurred under Section 2.16(d)(iii)(A) or Section 2.16(h)(i)(A),
respectively, if such portion of such Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Term Commitments, Incremental Revolving Credit Loans, Incremental
Revolving Credit Commitments or Incremental Equivalent Debt could at such time be incurred under Section 2.16(d)(iii)(A) or
Section 2.16(h)(i)(A). Upon making any such election under this Section 2.16(i), the Lead Borrower
shall deliver a certificate of a Responsible Officer to the Administrative Agent demonstrating compliance on a Pro Forma Basis as of
the last day of the most recently ended Test Period with the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, Secured Net Leverage Ratio or Total Net Leverage
Ratio, as applicable.

(j)The
Incremental Term Loans made under each Term Loan Increase shall be made by the applicable Lenders participating therein pursuant to the
procedures set forth in Section 2.01 and Section 2.02 and on the date of the making of such Incremental Term
Loans, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 2.01 and Section 2.02, such Incremental
Term Loans shall be added to (and form part of) each Borrowing of outstanding Term Loans under the applicable Class of Term Loans
on a pro rata basis (based on the relative sizes of the various outstanding Borrowings), so that each Lender under such Class will
participate proportionately in each then outstanding Borrowing of Term Loans of such Class.

(k)This
Section 2.16 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or Section 10.01 to the contrary.

(126) 

Section 2.17Refinancing
Amendments.

(a)Refinancing
Commitments. The Borrowers may at any time or from time to time after the Closing Date, by notice from the Lead Borrower to the Administrative
Agent (a Refinancing Loan Request), request (A) a new Class of term loans (any such new Class, Refinancing
Term Commitments) or (B) the establishment of a new Class of revolving credit commitments (any such new Class, Refinancing
Revolving Credit Commitments and collectively with any Refinancing Term Commitments, Refinancing Commitments),
in each case, established in exchange for, or to extend, renew, replace, repurchase, retire or refinance, in whole or in part, existing
Loans or Commitments (with respect to a particular Refinancing Commitment or Refinancing Loan, such existing Loans or Commitments, Refinanced
Debt), whereupon the Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver a copy to each of the Lenders.

(b)Refinancing
Loans. On any Refinancing Facility Closing Date on which any Refinancing Term Commitments of any Class are effected, subject
to the satisfaction of the terms and conditions in this Section 2.17, (i) each Refinancing Term Lender of such Class shall
make a Loan to the Borrowers (a Refinancing Term Loan) in an amount equal to its Refinancing Term Commitment of
such Class and (ii) each Refinancing Term Lender of such Class shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to the Refinancing
Term Commitment of such Class and the Refinancing Term Loans of such Class made pursuant thereto. On any Refinancing Facility
Closing Date on which any Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class are effected, subject to the satisfaction of the
terms and conditions in this Section 2.17, (i) each Refinancing Revolving Credit Lender of such Class shall make
its Commitment available to the Borrowers (when borrowed, a Refinancing Revolving Credit Loan and collectively with
any Refinancing Term Loan, a Refinancing Loan) in an amount equal to its Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitment
of such Class and (ii) each Refinancing Revolving Credit Lender of such Class shall become a Lender hereunder with respect
to the Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class and the Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans of such Class made
pursuant thereto.

(c)Refinancing
Loan Request. Each Refinancing Loan Request from the Lead Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.17 shall set forth the
requested amount and proposed terms of the relevant Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments. Refinancing Term
Loans may be made, and Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments may be provided, by any existing Lender (but no existing Lender will
have an obligation to make any Refinancing Commitment, nor will the Lead Borrower have any obligation to approach any existing Lender
to provide any Refinancing Commitment) or by any Additional Lender (each such existing Lender or Additional Lender providing such Commitment
or Loan, a Refinancing Revolving Credit Lender or Refinancing Term Lender, as applicable, and,
collectively, Refinancing Lenders); provided that the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and each
L/C Issuer shall have consented (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to such Additional Lenders making such Refinancing
Term Loans or providing such Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments, to the extent such consent, if any, would be required under Section 10.07(b) for
an assignment of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, to such Lender or Additional Lender.

(d)Effectiveness
of Refinancing Amendment. The effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment, and the Refinancing Commitments thereunder, shall be subject
to the satisfaction on the date thereof (a Refinancing Facility Closing Date) of each of the following conditions,
together with any other conditions set forth in the Refinancing Amendment:

(i)after
giving effect to such Refinancing Commitments, the conditions of Sections 4.02(a) and (b) shall be satisfied
(it being understood that all references to the date of such Credit Extension or similar language in such Section 4.02
shall be deemed to refer to the effective date of such Refinancing Amendment);

(ii)each
Refinancing Term Commitment shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than $25,000,000 and shall be in an increment
of $1,000,000 (provided that such amount may be less than $25,000,000 and not in an increment of $1,000,000 if such amount is
equal to the entire outstanding principal amount of Refinanced Debt) and each Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitment shall be in an
aggregate principal amount that is not less than $10,000,000 and shall be in an increment of $1,000,000 (provided that such amount
may be less than $10,000,000 and not in an increment of $1,000,000 if such amount is equal to the entire outstanding principal amount
of Refinanced Debt); and

(127) 

(iii)to
the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of (A) customary legal opinions,
board resolutions and officers certificates (including solvency certificates) consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date
(conformed as appropriate) other than changes to such legal opinions resulting from a change in law, change in fact or change to counsels
form of opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (B) reaffirmation agreements and/or such amendments to the
Collateral Documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in order to ensure that such Refinancing Lenders are
provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents.

(e)Required
Terms. The terms, provisions and documentation of the Refinancing Term Loans and Refinancing Term Commitments or the Refinancing
Revolving Credit Loans and Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments, as the case may be, of any Class shall be as agreed between
the Lead Borrower and the applicable Refinancing Lenders providing such Refinancing Commitments, and except as otherwise set forth herein,
to the extent not identical to any Class of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, each existing on the Refinancing
Facility Closing Date, shall be consistent with clauses (i) and (ii) below, as applicable, and otherwise reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent (except for covenants or other provisions (a) conformed (or added) in the Loan Documents pursuant to
the related Refinancing Amendment, (x) in the case of any Class of Refinancing Term Loans and Refinancing Term Commitments,
for the benefit of the Term Lenders and (y) in the case of any Class of Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans and Refinancing
Revolving Credit Commitments, for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders or (b) applicable only to periods after the Latest
Maturity Date as of the Incremental Amendment Date). In any event:

(i)the
Refinancing Term Loans:

(A)as
of the Refinancing Facility Closing Date, shall not have a final scheduled maturity date earlier than the Maturity Date of the Refinanced
Debt,

(B)as
of the Refinancing Facility Closing Date, shall not have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity shorter than the remaining Weighted Average
Life to Maturity of the Refinanced Debt,

(C)shall
have an Applicable Margin and Benchmark Rate or Base Rate floor (if any), and subject to clauses (e)(i)(A) and (e)(i)(B) above,
amortization determined by the BorrowerBorrowers and
the applicable Refinancing Term Lenders,

(D)shall
have fees determined by the Lead Borrower and the applicable Refinancing Term Loan arranger(s),

(E)may
participate on (I) a pro rata basis, less than pro rata basis or greater than pro rata basis in any voluntary prepayments of Term
Loans hereunder and (II) a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis (but not on a greater than pro rata basis (except for prepayments
pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(iii)(x) and Section 2.05(b)(v)(A)(y)) in any mandatory prepayments of Term Loans
hereunder; provided that, any such Refinancing Term Loans that are junior in right of payment or security with respect to the
Term B Loans may only participate in any such mandatory prepayments on a junior basis to the Term B Loans and any then-existing Term
Loans that are pari passu in right of payment and security with the Term B Loans,

(128) 

(F)shall
not have a greater principal amount than the principal amount of the Refinanced Debt plus accrued but unpaid interest, fees, premiums
(if any) and penalties thereon and reasonable fees, expenses, OID and upfront fees associated with the refinancing, and

(G)(I) shall
rank either pari passu or junior in right of payment with respect to the other Obligations as the applicable Refinanced Debt,
(II) no Person other than a Loan Party shall Guarantee or otherwise be obligor with respect to the applicable Refinanced Debt, (III) 
the obligations in respect thereof shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset other than the Collateral and (IV) shall have either
a pari passu or junior rank in right of security with respect to the other Obligations as the applicable Refinanced Debt (and,
to the extent subordinated in right of payment or security with respect to the other Obligations, subject to a Subordination Agreement,
as applicable (or, alternatively, terms in the Refinancing Amendment substantially similar to those in such Subordination Agreement,
as agreed by the Lead Borrower and Administrative Agent) or other lien subordination and intercreditor arrangement satisfactory to the
Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent); and

(ii)the
Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments and Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans:

(A)(I) shall
have the same or more junior rank in right of payment with respect to the other Obligations as the applicable Refinancing Revolving Credit
Commitments (and, to the extent subordinated in right of payment with respect to the other Obligations, subject to a Subordination Agreement
(or, alternatively, terms in the Refinancing Amendment substantially similar to those in such Subordination Agreement, as agreed by the
Lead Borrower and Administrative Agent) or other subordination arrangement satisfactory to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent),
(II) no Person other than a Loan Party shall Guarantee or otherwise be obligor with respect to the applicable Refinanced Debt, (III) 
the obligations in respect thereof shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset other than the Collateral and (IV) shall have the
same rank in right of security with respect to the other Obligations as the applicable Refinanced Debt,

(B)(I) shall
not have a final scheduled maturity date or commitment reduction date earlier than the Maturity Date or commitment reduction date, respectively,
with respect to the Refinanced Debt and (II) shall not have any scheduled amortization or mandatory Commitment reductions prior
to the maturity date of the Refinanced Debt,

(C)shall
provide that the borrowing and repayment (except for (1) payments of interest and fees at different rates on Refinancing
Revolving Credit Commitments (and related outstandings), (2) repayments required upon the Maturity Date of the Refinancing Revolving
Credit Commitments and (3) repayments made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of commitments (in accordance
with clause (E) below)) of Loans with respect to Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments after the associated Refinancing
Facility Closing Date shall be made on a pro rata basis or less than a pro rata basis (but not more than a pro rata
basis) with all other Revolving Credit Commitments then existing on the Refinancing Facility Closing Date,

(129) 

(D)may
be elected to be included as additional Participating Revolving Credit Commitments under the Refinancing Amendment, subject to the consent
of the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer, and on the Refinancing Facility Closing Date all Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit
shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Participating Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with their percentage of
the Participating Revolving Credit Commitments existing after giving effect to such Refinancing Amendment, provided such election may
be made conditional upon the termination of one or more other Participating Revolving Credit Commitments,

(E)may
provide that the permanent repayment of Revolving Credit Loans in connection with a permanent termination or reduction of Refinancing
Revolving Credit Commitments after the associated Refinancing Facility Closing Date be made on a pro rata basis, less than pro
rata basis or greater than pro rata basis with all other Revolving Credit Commitments,

(F)shall
provide that assignments and participations of Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments and Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans shall
be governed by the same assignment and participation provisions applicable to Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Credit Loans
then existing on the Refinancing Facility Closing Date,

(G)shall
have an Applicable Margin and Benchmark Rate or Base Rate floor (if any) determined by the BorrowerBorrowers and
the applicable Refinancing Revolving Credit Lenders,

(H)shall
have fees determined by the Lead Borrower and the applicable Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitment arranger(s), and

(I)shall
not have a greater principal amount of Commitments than the principal amount of the Commitments of the Refinanced Debt plus accrued
but unpaid interest, fees, premiums (if any) and penalties thereon and reasonable fees, expenses, OID and upfront fees associated with
the refinancing.

(f)Refinancing
Amendment. Commitments in respect of Refinancing Term Loans and Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments shall become additional
Commitments pursuant to an amendment (a Refinancing Amendment) to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other
Loan Documents, executed by the Borrowers, each Refinancing Lender providing such Commitments, the Administrative Agent and, for purposes
of any election pursuant to Section 2.17(e)(ii)(D), the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer. The Refinancing Amendment may, without
the consent of any other Loan Party, Agent or Lender, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be
necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the BorrowerBorrowers,
to effect the provisions of this Section 2.17, including amendments as deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent in its
reasonable judgment to effect any lien or payment subordination and associated rights of the applicable Lenders to the extent any Refinancing
Loans are to rank junior in right of security or payment or to address technical issues relating to funding and payments. The Borrowers
will use the proceeds of the Refinancing Term Loans and Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments to extend, renew, replace, repurchase,
retire or refinance, substantially concurrently, the applicable Refinanced Debt.

(g)[Reserved].

(130) 

(h)Refinancing
Equivalent Debt.

(i)In
lieu of incurring any Refinancing Term Loans, the Lead Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time
to time after the Closing Date issue, incur or otherwise obtain (A) secured Indebtedness (including any Registered Equivalent Notes)
in the form of one or more series of first lien senior secured notes (such notes, Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing
Debt), (B) secured Indebtedness (including any Registered Equivalent Notes) in the form of one or more series of second
lien (or other junior lien) secured notes or second lien (or other junior lien) secured term loans (such notes or term loans, Permitted
Junior Secured Refinancing Debt) and (C) unsecured or subordinated Indebtedness (including any Registered Equivalent
Notes) in the form of one or more series of unsecured or subordinated notes or term loans (such notes or term loans, Permitted
Unsecured Refinancing Debt and together with Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt and Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing
Debt, Refinancing Equivalent Debt), in each case, in exchange for, or to extend, renew, replace, repurchase, retire
or refinance, in whole or in part, any existing Class of Term Loans (such Term Loans, Refinanced Term Loans).

(ii)Any
Refinancing Equivalent Debt:

(A)(1) shall
not have a Maturity Date prior to the date that is on or after the Maturity Date of the Refinanced Term Loans, (2) if in the form
of term loans, shall not have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the
Refinanced Term Loans, (3) if in the form of notes, shall not have scheduled amortization or payments of principal and not be subject
to mandatory redemption, repurchase, prepayment or sinking fund obligations, in each case prior to the Maturity Date of the Refinanced
Term Loans (other than customary AHYDO catch-up payments, offers to repurchase and prepayment events upon a change of control,
asset sale or event of loss and a customary acceleration right after an event of default; provided that any such Refinancing Equivalent
Debt that is junior in right of payment or security with respect to the Term B Loans may only participate in any such mandatory prepayments
with respect to customary offers to repurchase and prepayment events upon an asset sale or event of loss on a junior basis to the Term
B Loans and any then-existing Term Loans that are pari passu in right of payment and security with the Term B Loans), (4) no
Person other than a Loan Party shall Guarantee or otherwise be an obligor with respect to such Refinancing Equivalent Debt, (5) if
in the form of subordinated Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt, shall be subject to a Subordination Agreement to which a representative
acting on behalf of the holders of such Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt shall have become a party or otherwise subject (or, alternatively,
terms in the definitive documentation for such Refinancing Equivalent Debt substantially similar to those in such Subordination Agreement,
as agreed by the Lead Borrower and Administrative Agent); provided that if such Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt is the initial
subordinated Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt incurred by the Lead Borrower, then the Holdcos, each Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors,
the Administrative Agent and the representative for such Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt shall have executed and delivered a Subordination
Agreement, (6) shall not have a greater principal amount than the principal amount of the Refinanced Term Loans plus accrued
and unpaid interest, fees, premiums (if any) and penalties thereon and reasonable fees, expenses, OID and upfront fees associated with
the refinancing and (7) except as otherwise set forth in this clause (h)(ii), shall have terms and conditions (other than with
respect to pricing, fees, rate floors and optional prepayment or redemption terms) substantially similar to, or (taken as a whole) no
more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower) to the lenders or holders providing such Refinancing Equivalent Debt,
than those applicable to the Refinanced Term Loans (except for covenants or other provisions (a) conformed (or added) in the Loan
Documents, for the benefit of the Lenders holding Term B Loans, pursuant to an amendment thereto subject solely to the reasonable satisfaction
of the Administrative Agent or (b) applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of the issuance or incurrence
of such Refinancing Equivalent Debt) or such terms and conditions shall be current market terms for such type of Refinancing Equivalent
Debt (as reasonably determined in good faith by the Lead Borrower),

(131) 

(B)(1) if
either Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt or Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt, shall be subject to security agreements
relating to such Refinancing Equivalent Debt that are substantially the same as or more favorable to the Loan Parties than the Collateral
Documents (with such differences as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), (2) if Permitted Pari Passu Secured
Refinancing Debt, (x) shall be secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Obligations under Term B Loans and
Revolving Credit Loans and shall not be secured by any property or assets of the Holdcos, either Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
other than the Collateral, and (y) shall be subject to a new or then-existing First Lien Intercreditor Agreement to which a Senior
Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt shall become a party or otherwise
subject or other lien subordination or intercreditor arrangement satisfactory to the Lead Borrower
and the Administrative Agent and (3) if Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt, (x) shall be secured by the Collateral on
a second priority (or other junior priority) basis to the Liens securing the Obligations under Term B Loans required to be secured on
a first lien basis and shall not be secured by any property or assets of the Holdcos, the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
other than the Collateral, and (y) shall be subject to a new or then-existing Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement to which a Senior
Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt shall become a party or otherwise subject
or other lien subordination or intercreditor arrangement satisfactory to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and

(C)shall
be incurred solely to repay, repurchase, retire or refinance substantially concurrently the Refinanced Term Loans.

(iii)This
Section 2.17 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or Section 10.01 to the contrary.

Section 2.18Extensions
of Term Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer) made from time to time by
the Borrowers to all Lenders of Term Loans of a given Class (an Existing Term Loan Tranche) with a like Maturity
Date or Revolving Credit Commitments of a given Class (an Existing Revolver Tranche) with a like Maturity Date,
in each case on a pro rata basis under each tranche (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the respective Term
Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments of the applicable Class with the same Maturity Date, as the case may be) and on identical
terms to each such Lender (including as to the proposed interest rates and fees payable, but excluding any arrangement, structuring or
other similar fees payable in connection therewith that are not generally shared with all relevant Lenders), the Borrowers may from time
to time extend the maturity date of any Term Loans and/or Revolving Credit Commitments and otherwise modify the terms of such Term Loans
and/or Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to the terms of the relevant Extension Offer (including, without limitation, by increasing
the interest rate or fees payable in respect of such Term Loans and/or Revolving Credit Commitments (and related outstandings) and/or
modifying the amortization schedule in respect of such Lenders Term Loans) (each, an Extension), and each
group of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, in each case as so extended, as well as the original Term Loans and
the original Revolving Credit Commitments (in each case not so extended), being a tranche, Existing Term Loan Tranche
or Existing Revolver Tranche as applicable; any Extended Term Loans shall constitute a separate tranche of Term Loans from the tranche
of Term Loans from which they were converted, and any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall constitute a separate tranche of Revolving
Credit Commitments from the tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments from which they were converted (provided that at no time shall
there be Classes of Extended Term Loans and Refinancing Term Loans hereunder which have more than five (5) Maturity Dates) so long
as the following terms are satisfied:

(i)no
Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time the offering document in respect of an Extension Offer is delivered to the
Lenders,

(132) 

(ii)except
as to interest rates, fees and final maturity (which shall be identical as offered to each Lender under the relevant tranche), the Revolving
Credit Commitment of any Revolving Credit Lender (an Extending Revolving Credit Lender) extended pursuant to an
Extension (an Extended Revolving Credit Commitment), and the related outstandings, shall be a Revolving Credit Commitment
(or related outstandings, as the case may be) with the identical terms as the original Revolving Credit Commitments (and related outstandings);
provided that (x) subject to the provisions of Sections 2.03(l) and 2.04(g) to the extent relating
to Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit which mature or expire after a Maturity Date when there exist Extended Revolving Credit Commitments
with a longer Maturity Date, all Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit shall be participated in on a pro rata basis by all Lenders
with Revolving Credit Commitments in accordance with their Pro Rata Share of such Revolving Credit Commitments (and except as provided
in Sections 2.03(l) and 2.04(g), without giving effect to changes thereto on an earlier Maturity Date with respect
to Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit theretofore incurred or issued) and all borrowings under Revolving Credit Commitments and repayments
thereunder shall be made on a pro rata basis (except for (A) payments of interest and fees on Extended Revolving Credit Commitments
(and related outstandings) at different rates from the original Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that such interest and
fees shall be identical for each Lender under the Extended Revolving Credit Commitment and (B) repayments required upon the Maturity
Date of the non-extending Revolving Credit Commitments) and (y) at no time shall there be Revolving Credit Commitments hereunder
(including Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, Refinancing Revolving Commitments and any original Revolving Credit Commitments) which
have more than three (3) different Maturity Dates or three (3) different tranches,

(iii)except
as to interest rates, fees, amortization, final maturity date, premium, required prepayment dates and participation in prepayments (which
shall be identical as offered to each Lender under the relevant tranche), subject to immediately succeeding clauses (iv), (v) and
(vi), shall be determined by the Lead Borrower and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer, the Term Loans of any Term Lender (an Extending
Term Lender) extended pursuant to any Extension (Extended Term Loans) shall have the same terms as the
tranche of Term Loans subject to such Extension Offer (or less favorable terms if so agreed by each Extending Term Lender in the applicable
tranche),

(iv)the
final maturity date of any Extended Term Loans shall be no earlier than the then latest Maturity Date hereunder and the amortization
schedule applicable to Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.07(a) for periods prior to the Original Term Loan Maturity Date
may not be increased,

(v)the
Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Extended Term Loans shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity
of the Term Loans extended thereby,

(133) 

(vi)any
Extended Term Loans may participate on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata
basis) in any voluntary or mandatory repayments or prepayments hereunder, in each case as specified in the respective Extension Offer,

(vii)if
the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans (calculated on the face amount thereof) or Revolving Credit Commitments, as the case may
be, in respect of which Term Lenders or Revolving Credit Lenders, as the case may be, shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer
shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as the case may be, offered to be
extended by the Lead Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, as the case may be, of
such Term Lenders or Revolving Credit Lenders, as the case may be, shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective
principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Term Lenders or Revolving Credit Lenders,
as the case may be, have accepted such Extension Offer,

(viii)all
documentation in respect of such Extension shall be consistent with the foregoing, and all written communications by either Borrower
generally directed to the Lenders in connection therewith shall be in form and substance consistent with the foregoing and otherwise
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and

(ix)any
applicable Minimum Extension Condition shall be satisfied unless waived by the Lead Borrower.

(b)If,
at the time any Extension of Revolving Credit Commitments becomes effective, there will be Extended Revolving Credit Commitments which
remain in effect from a prior Extension, then if the effective interest rate, effective unused commitment fee rate
or effective letter of credit fronting fee rate (which, for this purpose, shall, in each case, be reasonably determined
by the Administrative Agent and shall take into account any interest rate floors or similar devices and be deemed to include (without
duplication) all fees (except to the extent independently taken into account as commitment fees under Section 2.09(a) or
Letter of Credit fronting fees under Section 2.03(i)), including up front or similar fees or original issue discount (amortized
over the shorter of (x) the life of such new Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and (y) the four years following the date
of the respective Extension) payable to Lenders with such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, but excluding any arrangement, structuring
or other fees payable in connection therewith that are not generally shared with the relevant extending Lenders) and customary consent
fees paid generally to consenting Lenders in respect of the Extended Revolving Credit Commitments (and related extensions of credit)
shall at any time (over the life of the Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and related extensions of credit) exceed by more than 0.50%
the effective interest rate, effective unused commitment fee rate or effective letter of credit fronting
fee rate applicable to Revolving Credit Commitments (or outstanding extensions of credit pursuant thereto) which were extended
pursuant to one or more prior Extensions (determined on the same basis as provided in the first parenthetical in this sentence), then
the Applicable Margin and/or Letter of Credit fronting fee applicable thereto shall be increased to the extent necessary so that at all
times thereafter the Extended Revolving Credit Commitments made pursuant to previous Extensions (and related extensions of credit) do
not receive less effective interest rate, effective unused commitment fee rate and/or effective letter
of credit fronting fees than are applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments (and related extensions of credit) made (or extended)
pursuant to such Extension. If at the time any Extension of Term Loans becomes effective, there will be Extended Term Loans which remain
outstanding from a prior Extension, then if the effective interest rate (which, for this purpose, shall be reasonably determined
by the Administrative Agent and shall take into account any interest rate floors or similar devices and be deemed to include (without
duplication) all fees, including up front or similar fees or original issue discount (amortized over the shorter of (x) the life
of such new Extended Term Loans and (y) the four years following the date of the respective Extension) payable to Lenders with such
Extended Term Loans, but excluding any arrangement, structuring or other fees payable in connection therewith that are not generally
shared with the relevant extending Lenders) in respect of the Extended Term Loans shall at any time (over the life of the Extended Term
Loans) exceed by more than 0.50% the effective interest rate applicable to Term Loans which were extended pursuant to one
or more prior Extensions (determined on the same basis as provided in the first parenthetical in this sentence), then the Applicable
Margin applicable thereto shall be increased to the extent necessary so that at all times thereafter the Extended Term Loans made pursuant
to previous Extensions do not receive less effective interest rate than are applicable to the Term Loans made (or extended)
pursuant to such Extension.

(134) 

(c)With
respect to all Extensions consummated by the Borrowers pursuant to this Section 2.18, (i) such Extensions shall not
constitute voluntary or mandatory payments or prepayments for purposes of Section 2.05 and (ii) no Extension Offer is
required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum increment, provided that the Lead Borrower may at its election specify as
a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition) to consummating any such Extension that a minimum amount (to be
determined and specified in the relevant Extension Offer in the Lead Borrowers sole discretion and may be waived by the Lead Borrower)
of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments (as applicable) of any or all applicable tranches be tendered. The Administrative Agent
and the Lenders hereby consent to the Extensions and the other transactions contemplated by this Section 2.18 (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Extended Term Loans and/or Extended Revolving
Credit Commitments on the such terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision
of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 2.05 and 2.13) or any other Loan Document that may otherwise
prohibit any such Extension or any other transaction contemplated by this Section 2.18.

(d)The
Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent to enter into amendments to this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents with the Borrowers (each an Extension Amendment), as may be necessary in order to establish
new tranches or sub-tranches in respect of Revolving Credit Commitments or Term Loans so extended and such technical amendments as may
be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower in connection with the establishment
of such new tranches or sub-tranches, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.18. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to seek the advice or concurrence
of the Required Lenders with respect to any matter contemplated by this Section 2.18(d) and, if either the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent seeks such advice or concurrence, it shall be permitted to enter into such amendments with the Lead Borrower
in accordance with any instructions actually received by such Required Lenders and shall also be entitled to refrain from entering into
such amendments with the Lead Borrower unless and until it shall have received such advice or concurrence; provided, however,
that whether or not there has been a request by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent for any such advice or concurrence,
all such amendments entered into with the Lead Borrower by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder shall be binding
and conclusive on the Lenders. Without limiting the foregoing, in connection with any Extensions the respective Loan Parties shall (at
their expense) amend (and the Collateral Agent is hereby directed to amend) any Mortgage that has a maturity date prior to the then latest
Maturity Date so that such maturity date is extended to the then latest Maturity Date (or such later date as may be advised by local
counsel to the Collateral Agent).

(135) 

(e)In
connection with any Extension, the Lead Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days (or
such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures, if
any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes
of this Section 2.18. No Lender shall have any obligation to agree to have any of its Term Loans of any Existing Term Loan
Tranche amended into Extended Term Loans or any of its Revolving Credit Commitments amended into Extended Revolving Credit Commitments,
as applicable, pursuant to any Extension Offer. Any Extending Term Lender wishing to have all or a portion of its Term Loans under the
Existing Term Loan Tranche subject to such Extension Offer amended into Extended Term Loans and any Extending Revolving Credit Lender
wishing to have all or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitments under the Existing Revolver Tranche subject to such Extension Offer
amended into Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, shall notify the Administrative Agent (each, an Extension
Election) on or prior to the date specified in such Extension Offer of the amount of its Term Loans under the Existing Term
Loan Tranche or Revolving Credit Commitments under the Existing Revolver Tranche, as applicable, which it has elected to request be amended
into Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable (subject to any minimum denomination requirements imposed
by the Administrative Agent). In the event that the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans under the Existing Term Loan Tranche or
Revolving Credit Commitments under the Existing Revolver Tranche, as applicable, in respect of which applicable Term Lenders or Revolving
Credit Lenders, as the case may be, shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer exceeds the amount of Extended Term Loans or Extended
Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, requested to be extended pursuant to the Extension Offer, Term Loans or Revolving Credit
Commitments, as applicable, subject to Extension Elections shall be amended to Extended Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as
applicable, on a pro rata basis (subject to rounding by the Administrative Agent, which shall be conclusive) based on the aggregate
principal amount of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, included in each such Extension Election.

Section 2.19Defaulting
Lenders.

(a)Adjustments.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time
as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:

(i)Waivers
and Amendments. That Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this
Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 10.01.

(ii)Reallocation
of Payments. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that
Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) shall be applied at
such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by
that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts
owing by that Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; third, if so determined by the Administrative
Agent or requested by the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, to be held as Cash Collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting
Lender of any participation in any Swing Line Loan or Letter of Credit; fourth, as the Lead Borrower may request (so long as no
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has
failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined
by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy
obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders,
the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the L/C
Issuer or Swing Line Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under
this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the payment of any amounts
owing to the Lead Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Lead Borrower against that
Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to
that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is
a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its
appropriate share and (y) such Loans or L/C Borrowings were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02
were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Borrowings owed to, all Non-Defaulting
Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Borrowings owed to, that Defaulting
Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed
by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.19(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected
by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.

(136) 

(iii)Certain
Fees. That Defaulting Lender (x) shall not be entitled to receive any commitment fee pursuant to Section 2.09(a) for
any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Lead Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise
would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender) and (y) shall be limited in its right to receive Letter of
Credit fees as provided in Section 2.03(h).

(iv)Reallocation
of Pro Rata Share to Reduce Fronting Exposure. During any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender, for purposes of computing
the amount of the obligation of each Non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit or Swing
Line Loans pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.04, the Pro Rata Share of each Non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving
Credit Loans and L/C Obligations shall be computed without giving effect to the Participating Revolving Credit Commitment of that Defaulting
Lender; provided that (i) each such reallocation shall be given effect only if, at the date the applicable Lender becomes
a Defaulting Lender, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and (ii) the aggregate obligation of each Non-Defaulting
Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans shall not exceed the positive difference,
if any, of (1) the Participating Revolving Credit Commitment of that Non-Defaulting Lender minus (2) the sum of (A) the
aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Loans of that Non-Defaulting Lender under such Participating Revolving Credit Commitments plus
(B) such Non-Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations and Swing Line Obligations
at such time. Subject to Section 11.19, no reallocation hereto shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party
hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting
Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lenders increased exposure following such reallocation.

(b)Defaulting
Lender Cure. If the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer agree in writing in their sole
discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the
parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may
include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding
Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Revolving
Credit Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by
the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Share (without giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iv)), whereupon that Lender
will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or
payments made by or on behalf of the Lead Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that
except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute
a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender.

(137) 

Section 2.20Borrower
Obligations Joint and Several. (a) Each Borrower hereby designates and appoints the
Lead Borrower as its agent, attorney-in-fact and legal representative on its behalf for all purposes, including issuing Committed Loan
Notices and Swing Line Loan Notices; delivering Compliance Certificates; giving instructions with respect to the disbursement of the
proceeds of the Loans; paying, prepaying and reducing loans, commitments, or any other amounts owing under the Loan Documents; selecting
interest rate options; giving, receiving, accepting and rejecting all other notices, consents or other communications hereunder or under
any of the other Loan Documents; and taking all other actions (including in respect of compliance with covenants) on behalf of any Borrower
or the Borrowers under the Loan Documents. The Lead Borrower hereby accepts such appointment. The Administrative Agent and each Lender
may regard any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document from the Lead Borrower on behalf of one or more Borrowers
as a notice or communication from such Borrower. Each warranty, covenant, agreement and undertaking made on behalf of the Co-Borrower
by the Lead Borrower shall be deemed for all purposes to have been made by such Borrower and shall be binding upon and enforceable against
such Borrower to the same extent as if the same had been made directly by such Borrower. Any action, notice, delivery, receipt, acceptance,
approval, rejection or any other undertaking under any of the Loan Documents to be made by the Lead Borrower in respect of the Obligations
of the Co-Borrower shall be deemed, where applicable, to be made in the Lead Borrowers capacity as representative and agent on
behalf of each Borrower, and any such action, notice, delivery, receipt, acceptance, approval, rejection or other undertaking shall be
deemed for all purposes to have been made by such Borrower and shall be binding upon and enforceable against such Borrower to the same
extent as if the same had been made directly by such Borrower.

(b)The
Borrowers shall have joint and several liability in respect of all Obligations hereunder and under any other Loan Document to which any
Borrower is a party, without regard to any defense (other than the defense that payment in full in Same Day Funds has been made), setoff
or counterclaim which may at any time be available to or be asserted by any other Loan Party against the Lenders, or by any other circumstance
whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the Borrowers) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable
or legal discharge of either Borrowers liability hereunder, in bankruptcy or in any other instance, and the Obligations of the
Borrowers hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Lenders or any other person at any time of any right
or remedy against either Borrower or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Obligations
or against any Collateral or Guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that this
Agreement is the joint and several obligation of each Borrower (regardless of which Borrower shall have delivered a Request for Credit
Extension) and may be enforced against each Borrower separately, whether or not enforcement of any right or remedy hereunder has been
sought against any other Borrower. Each Borrower hereby expressly waives, with respect to any of the Loans made to any other Borrower
hereunder and any of the amounts owing hereunder by such other Loan Parties in respect of such Loans, diligence, presentment, demand
of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power
or remedy or proceed against such other Loan Parties under this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or
against any other person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of such amounts owing hereunder.

(138) 

Article III

Taxes, Increased
Costs Protection and Illegality

Section 3.01Taxes.

(a)Payments
Free of Taxes. Except as provided in this Section 3.01, or as required by applicable Law, any and all payments made by
or on account of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any
and all present or future Taxes, excluding, in the case of each Agent and each Lender, (1) Taxes imposed on or measured by its net
income, however denominated, franchise (and similar) Taxes imposed on it in lieu of net income Taxes, and branch profits Taxes,
in each case, (i) imposed by a jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which such Lender or
Administrative Agent is organized or the jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which such Lenders
or Administrative Agents principal office or applicable Lending Office is located, or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes,
(2) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 3.01(d), and (3) any U.S. federal
withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA (all such excluded taxes being hereinafter referred to as Excluded Taxes,
and all non-excluded Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party, being
hereinafter referred to as Indemnified Taxes). If the Loan Party or other applicable withholding agent shall be
required by any Laws to deduct or withhold any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under any Loan Document to any Recipient,
(i) if such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, the sum payable by such Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that
after making all required deductions or withholdings (including deductions or withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under
this Section 3.01), each of such Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions
or withholdings been made, (ii) the applicable withholding agent shall make such deductions or withholdings, (iii) the applicable
withholding agent shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance
with applicable Laws, and (iv) within thirty (30) days after the date of such payment (or, if receipts or evidence are not available
within thirty (30) days, as soon as possible thereafter), if the Loan Party is the applicable withholding agent, such Loan Party shall
furnish to the Agent the original or a copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof or other evidence reasonably acceptable to the Agent.

In addition, each Borrower
(jointly and severally) agrees to pay any and all present and future stamp, transfer, sales and use, court or documentary taxes and any
other excise, property, intangible or mortgage recording taxes, or charges or levies of the same character, imposed by any Governmental
Authority, which arise from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration
of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, including additions to tax, penalties and interest related thereto (all taxes described
in this paragraph of Section 3.01(a) being hereinafter referred to as Other Taxes), save for any Luxembourg
Taxes payable due to the registration of a Loan Document with the Administration de lEnregistrement at des Domaines in
Luxembourg or in connection with any registration of a Loan Document for the purposes of any court proceedings before a Luxembourg court
or any presentation before a public authority in Luxembourg ("autorit constitue"), except in circumstances
where: (i) the registration or presentation of a Loan Document is required or ordered by the relevant Luxembourg court or public
authority in connection with any proceedings or matters pending before such court or authority; or (ii) the registration or presentation
of a Loan Document is necessary for the exercise of the rights under such Loan Document and the protection, preservation or maintenance
of such rights; or (iii) the registration or presentation of a Loan Document is mandatorily required by law.

(b)Indemnification
by the Borrowers.Each Borrower (jointly and severally) and
each Guarantor agrees to indemnify each Recipient for (i) the full amount of Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes payable by such Recipient
and (ii) any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, provided such Recipient, as the case may be,
provides the Lead Borrower or such Guarantor with a written statement thereof setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and calculation
of such amounts.

(139) 

(c)Indemnification
by the Lenders.To the extent required by any applicable law,
the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax. Each Lender
shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes
or Other Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative
Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable
to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.07(e) relating to the maintenance of a Participant
Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative
Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such
Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment
or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes
the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise
payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this
paragraph (c).

(d)Tax
Administration Formalities.

A.Each
Recipient that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document
shall deliver to the requesting Loan Party and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the such Loan Party
or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by such Loan Party or the Administrative
Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the preceding sentence, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation shall not be required if in the Lenders
reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission (1) would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or
expense (it being understood that the completion, execution and submission of any documentation no more burdensome than that required
for U.S. federal income withholding will not for purposes of this subsection (1) give rise to an exception from the preceding sentence
and shall not be considered material unreimbursed cost or expense) or (2) would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position
of such Lender (it being understood that the completion, execution and submission of the applicable IRS Form W-8 shall not give
rise to an exception from the preceding sentence or otherwise be considered prejudicial to the position of a Recipient); provided, however,
that in no event shall the Lenders be required to provide its tax returns or its calculations.

B.Each
Recipient shall confirm whether it is entitled to receive payments under any Loan Document free from withholding under FATCA and shall
provide any documentation, forms and other information relating to its status under FATCA reasonably requested by the Loan Parties sufficient
for the Loan Parties to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine whether such Recipient has complied with such applicable
reporting requirements.

Each Recipient agrees that
if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form
or certification, provide such successor form, or promptly notify the Lead Borrower and
the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(140) 

(e)Designation
of Different Lending Office. If any Recipient requests compensation under Section 3.04, or requires the BorrowerBorrowers or
any Loan Party to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Recipient or any Governmental Authority for the account of any
Recipient pursuant to Section 3.01, then such Recipient shall (at the request of the Lead Borrower) use reasonable efforts
to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder
to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Recipient, such designation or assignment (i) would
eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) would
not subject such Recipient to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Recipient. The Lead Borrower
hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Recipient in connection with any such designation or assignment.

(f)Treatment
of Certain Refunds.If any Recipient determines, in its sole
discretion, that it has received a refund in respect of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which indemnification or additional
amounts have been paid to it by any Loan Party pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall promptly remit such refund to the
Loan Party, net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Recipient, as the case may be and without interest (other than any interest
paid by the relevant taxing authority with respect to such refund net of any Taxes payable by any Recipient on such interest); provided
that the Loan Parties, upon the request of the Recipient, as the case may be, agree promptly to return such refund (plus any
penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant taxing authority) to such party in the event such party is required to repay
such refund to the relevant taxing authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will the Recipient
be required to pay any amount to the Loan Party pursuant to this paragraph (f) the payment of which would place the Recipient in
a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Recipient would have been in if the Taxes subject to indemnification and giving rise
to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect
to such Taxes had never been paid. This section shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or
any other information relating to Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrowers or any other Person.

(g)Survival.
Each partys obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative
Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction
or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

(h)All
amounts set forth in a Loan Document to be payable by any Loan Party to a Lender or Agent which (in whole or in part) constitute the
consideration for a supply or supplies for VAT purposes shall be deemed to be exclusive of any VAT which is chargeable on such supply
or supplies, and accordingly, subject to paragraph (j) below, if VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Lender or
Agent to any Loan Party under a Loan Document and such Lender or Agent is required to account to the relevant taxing authority for the
VAT, that Loan Party shall pay to the relevant Lender or Agent (in addition to and at the same time as paying any other consideration
for such supply) an amount equal to the amount of such VAT (and such Lender or Agent shall promptly provide an appropriate VAT invoice
to such Loan Party).

(i)If
VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Lender or Agent (the Supplier) to any other Lender or Agent
(the Recipient) under a Loan Document, and any Loan Party other than the Recipient (the Subject Party)
is required by the terms of any Loan Document to pay an amount equal to the consideration for such supply to the Supplier (rather than
being required to reimburse the Recipient in respect of that consideration) (i) (where the Supplier is the Person required to account
to the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Subject Party must also pay to the Supplier (at the same time as paying that amount) an
additional amount equal to the amount of the VAT. The Recipient must (where this sub-paragraph (i) applies) promptly pay to the
Subject Party an amount equal to any credit or repayment the Recipient receives from the relevant tax authority which the Recipient reasonably
determines relates to the VAT chargeable on that supply; and (ii) (where the Recipient is the person required to account to the
relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Subject Party must promptly, following demand from the Recipient, pay to the Recipient an amount
equal to the VAT chargeable on that supply but only to the extent that the Recipient reasonably determines that it is not entitled to
credit or repayment from the relevant tax authority in respect of that VAT.

(141) 

(j)Where
a Loan Document requires any Loan Party to reimburse or indemnify a Lender or Agent for any cost or expense, that Loan Party shall reimburse
or indemnify (as the case may be) such Lender or Agent for the full amount of such cost or expense, including such part thereof as represents
VAT, save to the extent that such Lender or Agent reasonably determines that it is entitled to credit or repayment in respect of such
VAT from the relevant tax authority.

(k)Any
reference in paragraphs 3.01(h)-(l) to any Party shall, at any time when such Party is treated as a member of a group or unity (or
fiscal unity) for VAT purposes, include (where appropriate and unless the context otherwise requires) a reference to the person who is
treated at that time as making the supply, or (as appropriate) receiving the supply, under the grouping rules (provided for in Article 11
of Council Directive 2006/112/EC (or as implemented by the relevant member state of the European Union) or any other similar provision
in any jurisdiction which is not a member state of the European Union) so that a reference to a Party shall be construed as a reference
to that Party or the relevant group or unity (or fiscal unity) of which that Party is a member for VAT purposes at the relevant time
or the relevant representative member (or head) of that group or unity (or fiscal unity) at the relevant time (as the case may be).

(l)In
relation to any supply made by a Party to any other Party under a Loan Document, if reasonably requested by such Party, that other Party
must promptly provide such Party with details of that other Partys VAT registration and such other information as is reasonably
requested in connection with such Partys VAT reporting requirements in relation to such supply.

(m)The
Borrowers and, the 2023 Term Loan Lenders and
the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender agree that the Borrowers will report the payment of interest in accordance with
the tax laws of the applicable jurisdictions in a reasonable manner and in good faith.

Section 3.02Illegality.
If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for
any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Benchmark Rate Loans (whether denominated in Dollars or Euros),
then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Lead Borrower through the Administrative Agent,
any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Benchmark Rate Loans in the affected currency or currencies shall be suspended until
such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer
exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Lead Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent), prepay or (I) if applicable, and such Loans are denominated in Dollars, convert all of such Lenders Benchmark Rate
Loans to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be
determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Benchmark Rate component of the Base Rate) or (II) if applicable,
and such Loans are denominated in Euros, to the extent the Lead Borrower and all Appropriate Lenders agree, convert such Loans to Loans
bearing interest at an alternative rate mutually acceptable to the Lead Borrower and all of the Appropriate Lenders, in each case, either
on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Benchmark Rate Loans to such day,
or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Benchmark Rate Loans; and (y) if such notice asserts the
illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Benchmark Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during
the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Benchmark Rate component thereof
until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge
interest rates based upon the Benchmark Rate. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on
the amount so prepaid or converted and all amounts due, if any, in connection with such prepayment or conversion under Section 3.05.
Each Lender agrees to designate a different Lending Office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the
good faith judgment of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender.

(142) 

Section 3.03Inability
to Determine Rates.

(1) Solely with respect to the 2021 Refinancing
Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Euros and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary:

(a) If the Required
Lenders determine that for any reason (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the applicable LIBO Rate for
any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed LIBO Rate Loan, or (ii) that the LIBO Rate for any requested Interest Period
with respect to a proposed LIBO Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, or (iii) that
Dollar deposits or Euro deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank eurodollar, or other applicable, market for the
applicable amount and the Interest Period of such LIBO Rate Loan (in each case with respect to the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit
Loans denominated in Euros in the event of clause (iii), the Impacted Loans), the Administrative Agent will promptly
so notify the Lead Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain LIBO Rate Loans shall be suspended
until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Lead
Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of such LIBO Rate Loans or, failing that, will
be deemed to have converted such request, if applicable, into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein
(or, in the case of a pending request for a Loan denominated in Euros, the BorrowerBorrowers and
the Lenders may establish a mutually acceptable alternative rate).

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Required Lenders have made the determination described in clause (iii) of this Section, the Administrative Agent and the
Required Lenders may, with the consent of the Borrowers (consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), establish
an alternative interest rate for the Impacted Loans, in which case, such alternative rate of interest shall apply with respect to the
Impacted Loans until (1) the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes the notice delivered with
respect to the Impacted Loans under clause (iii) of the first sentence of this section, in which case the LIBO Rate shall be determined
as otherwise provided in this Agreement, (2) the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) notifies the
Borrowers that such alternative interest rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding the Impacted
Loans, or (3) any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is
unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference
to such alternative rate of interest or to determine or charge interest rates based upon such rate or any Governmental Authority has
imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to do any of the foregoing and provides the Administrative Agent and the
Borrowers written notice thereof, in which case of preceding clause (2) or (3), the obligation of the Lenders to make
or maintain LIBO Rate Loans shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes
the notice referred to in clause (2) or (3), as applicable.

(b)[Reserved].

(143) 

(2) Solely with respect to the 2021 Incremental
Term Loans, the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans,
and the 2023 Term
Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans denominated in Dollars and notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary:

If, on or prior to the first
day of any Interest Period for any SOFR Loan:

(a)the
Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term SOFR
cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or

(b)the
applicable Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a
continuation thereof that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly
reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Loan, and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such determination
to the Administrative Agent,

then, in each case, the Administrative Agent
will promptly so notify the Lead Borrower and each Lender.

Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent
to the Lead Borrower, any obligation of the applicable Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the BorrowerBorrowers
to continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans
or affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent (with respect to clause (b), at the instruction of the Required Lenders)
revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Lead Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion
to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Lead Borrower
will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans in the amount specified
therein and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the
applicable Interest Period. Upon any such conversion, the Lead Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together
with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. If the Administrative Agent determines (which determination
shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof
on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term
SOFR component of the definition of Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination.

Section 3.04Increased
Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy; Reserves on Benchmark Rate Loans. (a) If
any Lender reasonably determines that as a result of the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any Law, in each
case after the Closing Date, or such Lenders compliance therewith, there shall be any increase in the cost to such Lender of agreeing
to make or making, funding or maintaining any Benchmark Rate Loans or (as the case may be) issuing or participating in Letters of Credit,
or a reduction in the amount received or receivable by such Lender in connection with any of the foregoing (excluding for purposes of
this Section 3.04(a) any such increased costs or reduction in amount resulting from (1) Indemnified Taxes, Other
Taxes or Excluded Taxes or (2) reserve requirements contemplated by Section 3.04(c)) and the result of any of the foregoing
shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining the Benchmark Rate Loan (or of maintaining its obligations to make
any Loan), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, then from time to time within fifteen (15) days
after demand by such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail such increased costs (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative
Agent given in accordance with Section 3.06), the Borrowers shall pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate
such Lender for such increased cost or reduction.

(144) 

(b)If
any Lender determines that the introduction of any Law regarding capital adequacy or any change therein or in the interpretation thereof,
in each case after the Closing Date, or compliance by such Lender (or its Lending Office) therewith, has the effect of reducing the rate
of return on the capital of such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender as a consequence of such Lenders obligations
hereunder (taking into consideration its policies with respect to capital adequacy and such Lenders desired return on capital),
then from time to time upon demand of such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the charge and the calculation of such reduced rate
of return (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent given in accordance with Section 3.06), the Borrowers shall
pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender for such reduction within fifteen (15) days after receipt of
such demand.

(c)The
Borrowers shall pay to each Lender, (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities
or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each applicable
Benchmark Rate Loan of the Borrowers equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined
by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error), and (ii) as long as such
Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any other central banking or financial
regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of any Benchmark Rate Loans of the Borrowers
such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal
to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination
shall be conclusive absent manifest error) which in each case shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such
Loan, provided the Lead Borrower shall have received at least fifteen (15) days prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent) of such additional interest or cost from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice fifteen (15) days prior to the relevant
Interest Payment Date, such additional interest or cost shall be due and payable fifteen (15) days from receipt of such notice.

(d)[Reserved].

(e)Failure
or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of
such Lenders right to demand such compensation.

(f)If
any Lender requests compensation under this Section 3.04, then such Lender will, if requested by the Lead Borrower, use reasonable
efforts to designate another Lending Office for any Loan or Letter of Credit affected by such event; provided that such efforts
are made on terms that, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its Lending Office(s) to suffer no material
economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, and provided further that nothing in this Section 3.04(f) shall affect
or postpone any of the Obligations of the Borrowers or the rights of such Lender pursuant to Section 3.04(a), (b) or
(c).

(g)For
purposes of this Section 3.04, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules,
regulations, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements
and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or
similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall, in each case, be
deemed to have gone into effect after the date hereof, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

(145) 

Section 3.05Funding
Losses. Upon written demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from
time to time, which demand shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such amount, the Borrowers shall promptly compensate
such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense actually incurred by it as a result of:

(a)any
continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Benchmark Rate Loan of either Borrower on a day other than the last day of the
Interest Period for such Loan; or

(b)any
failure by the Borrowers (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any
Benchmark Rate Loan of the Borrowers on the date or in the amount notified by the Lead Borrower;

including any loss or expense (excluding loss
of anticipated profits) arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable
to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained.

Section 3.06Matters
Applicable to All Requests for Compensation. (a) Any Agent or any Lender claiming
compensation under this Article III shall deliver a certificate to the Lead Borrower setting forth the additional amount
or amounts to be paid to it hereunder which shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. In determining such amount, such Agent
or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods.

(b)With
respect to any Lenders claim for compensation under Section 3.01, 3.02, 3.03 or 3.04, the Lead
Borrower shall not be required to compensate such Lender for any amount incurred more than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to
the date that such Lender notifies the Lead Borrower of the event that gives rise to such claim; provided that, if the circumstance
giving rise to such claim is retroactive, then such 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive
effect thereof. If any Lender requests compensation by the Borrowers under Section 3.04, the Lead Borrower may, by notice
to such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), suspend the obligation of such Lender to make or continue from one Interest
Period to another applicable Benchmark Rate Loan, or, if applicable, to convert Base Rate Loans into Benchmark Rate Loans, until the
event or condition giving rise to such request ceases to be in effect (in which case the provisions of Section 3.06(c) shall
be applicable); provided that such suspension shall not affect the right of such Lender to receive the compensation so requested.

(c)If
the obligation of any Lender to make or continue any Benchmark Rate Loan, or to convert Base Rate Loans into Benchmark Rate Loans, shall
be suspended pursuant to Section 3.06(b) hereof, such Lenders applicable Benchmark Rate Loans shall be automatically
converted into Base Rate Loans (or, if such conversion is not possible, repaid) on the last day(s) of the then current Interest
Period(s) for such Benchmark Rate Loans (or, in the case of any immediate conversion required by Section 3.02, on such
earlier date as required by Law) and, unless and until such Lender gives notice as provided below that the circumstances specified in
Section 3.02, 3.03 or 3.04 hereof that gave rise to such conversion no longer exist:

(i)to
the extent that such Lenders Benchmark Rate Loans have been so converted, all payments and prepayments of principal that would
otherwise be applied to such Lenders applicable Benchmark Rate Loans shall be applied instead to its Base Rate Loans; and

(ii)all
Loans that would otherwise be made or continued from one Interest Period to another by such Lender as Benchmark Rate Loans shall be made
or continued instead as Base Rate Loans (if possible), and all Base Rate Loans of such Lender that would otherwise be converted into
Benchmark Rate Loans shall remain as Base Rate Loans.

(d)If
any Lender gives notice to the Lead Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) that the circumstances specified in Section 3.02,
3.03 or 3.04 hereof that gave rise to the conversion of any of such Lenders Benchmark Rate Loans pursuant to this
Section 3.06 no longer exist (which such Lender agrees to do promptly upon such circumstances ceasing to exist) at a time
when Benchmark Rate Loans made by other Lenders under the applicable Facility are outstanding, if applicable, such Lenders Base
Rate Loans shall be automatically converted, on the first day(s) of the next succeeding Interest Period(s) for such outstanding
Benchmark Rate Loans, to the extent necessary so that, after giving effect thereto, all Loans held by the Lenders holding Benchmark Rate
Loans under such Facility and by such Lender are held pro rata (as to principal amounts, interest rate basis, and Interest Periods)
in accordance with their respective Commitments for the applicable Facility.

(146) 

Section 3.07Replacement
of Lenders under Certain Circumstances. (a) If at any time (i) the Borrowers
become obligated to pay additional amounts or indemnity payments described in Section 3.01 or 3.04 as a result of
any condition described in such Sections or any Lender ceases to make any Benchmark Rate Loans as a result of any condition described
in Section 3.02 or Section 3.04, (ii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender or (iii) any Lender becomes
a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Lead Borrower may on ten (10) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative
Agent and such Lender and, in the case of clause (y) below only, with the prior written consent of the Required Lenders; provided
that such consent shall not be required in the case of the termination of Commitments of Defaulting Lenders, (x) replace such
Lender by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated to) assign, at par, pursuant to Section 10.07(b) (with
the assignment fee to be paid by the Lead Borrower in such instance) all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (in respect
of any applicable Facility only in the case of clause (i) or with respect to a class vote, clause (iii)) to one or more
Eligible Assignees, none of which shall constitute a Defaulting Lender; provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any
Lender shall have any obligation to the Lead Borrower to find a replacement Lender or other such Person; and provided further
that (A) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required
to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments and (B) in
the case of any such assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable Eligible Assignees shall have
agreed to, and shall be sufficient (together with all other consenting Lenders) to cause the adoption of, the applicable departure, waiver
or amendment of the Loan Documents; or (y) terminate the Commitment of such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, and (1) in
the case of a Lender (other than an L/C Issuer in its capacity as such), repay all Obligations of the Lead Borrower owing to such Lender
relating to the Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date and (2) in the case of an L/C Issuer, repay
all Obligations of the Lead Borrower owing to such L/C Issuer relating to the Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer as of such
termination date and cancel or backstop on terms and issued by an issuer reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer any Letters of Credit
issued by it; provided that in the case of any such termination of a Non-Consenting Lender such termination shall be sufficient
(together with all other consenting Lenders) to cause the adoption of the applicable departure, waiver or amendment of the Loan Documents
and such termination shall be in respect of any applicable facility only in the case of clause (i) or with respect to a class
vote, clause (iii).

(b)Any
Lender being replaced pursuant to Section 3.07(a) above shall (i) execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption
with respect to such Lenders applicable Commitment and outstanding Loans and participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line
Loans in respect thereof, and (ii) deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Lead Borrower or Administrative Agent. Pursuant
to such Assignment and Assumption, (A) the assignee Lender shall acquire all or a portion, as the case may be, of the assigning
Lenders Commitment and outstanding Loans and participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans, (B) all obligations
of the Borrowers owing to the assigning Lender relating to the Loans, Commitments and participations so assigned shall be paid in full
by the assignee Lender to such assigning Lender (other than any amounts owing to the assigning Lender pursuant to Section 3.05,
which shall be paid in full by the Borrower) concurrently with such Assignment and Assumption and (C) upon such payment and, if
so requested by the assignee Lender, delivery to the assignee Lender of the appropriate Note or Notes executed by the Borrowers, the
assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder and the assigning Lender shall cease to constitute a Lender hereunder with respect to
such assigned Loans, Commitments and participations, except with respect to indemnification provisions under this Agreement, which shall
survive as to such assigning Lender. In connection with any such replacement, if any such Non-Consenting Lender or Defaulting Lender
does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly executed Assignment and Assumption reflecting such replacement within
five (5) Business Days of the date on which the assignee Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Assumption to such Non-Consenting
Lender or Defaulting Lender, then such Non-Consenting Lender or Defaulting Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such
Assignment and Assumption without any action on the part of the Non-Consenting Lender or Defaulting Lender.

(147) 

(c)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained above, any Lender that acts as an L/C Issuer may not be replaced hereunder at any time that it has
any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer (including the furnishing of
a back-up standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer or the depositing
of cash collateral into a cash collateral account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer)
have been made with respect to each such outstanding Letter of Credit and the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be
replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.09.

(d)In
the event that (i) the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent has requested that the Lenders consent to a departure or waiver
of any provisions of the Loan Documents or agree to any amendment thereto, (ii) the consent, waiver or amendment in question requires
the agreement of all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 or all the Lenders with respect to a
certain Class of the Loans and (iii) the Required Lenders (or, in the case of a consent, waiver or amendment involving all
affected Lenders of a certain Class, the Required Class Lenders) have agreed (but solely to the extent required by Section 10.01)
to such consent, waiver or amendment, then any Lender who does not agree to such consent, waiver or amendment shall be deemed a Non-Consenting
Lender.

Section 3.08Survival.
All of obligations of the Lead Borrower and the Co-Borrower under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate
Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder.

Article IV

Conditions
Precedent to Credit Extensions

Section 4.01First
Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make Loans, and the obligation of the L/C
Issuers to issue Letters of Credit, on the Closing Date, is subject at the time of the making of such Loans or the issuance of such Letters
of Credit to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a)Credit
Agreement; Notes. This Agreement shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers and each Closing Date Guarantor and
there shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of each of the Lenders that has so requested, a Note executed
by the Borrowers, in each case in the amount, maturity and as otherwise provided herein.

(b)Security.
(i) The Administrative Agent shall have received (if applicable) the results of (x) Uniform Commercial Code lien searches
and (y) judgment and tax lien searches and other customary searches, made with respect to the Domestic Subsidiaries in the states
or other jurisdictions of formation of such Person and with respect to such other locations and names listed on the Perfection Certificate,
together with (in the case of clause (x)) copies of the financing statements (or similar documents) disclosed by such search, (ii) the
Security Agreement shall have been duly executed and delivered by each Domestic Subsidiary, (iii) each of the other Collateral Documents
set forth on Schedule 4.01(b) shall have been duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto, together with, in respect
of (ii) above, (x) certificates, if any, representing the pledged Equity Interest of the Subsidiary Guarantors accompanied
(where applicable) by undated stock powers executed in blank (or the equivalent in other jurisdictions) and (y) documents and instruments
to be recorded, filed or stamped (including the UCC financial statements and registration with ACRA) that the Administrative Agent may
deem reasonably necessary to satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and
any other evidence in relation to perfection of the Liens on the Collateral in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Documents.

(148) 

(c)Legal
Opinions. The Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of itself, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers,
an opinion of (i) K&L Gates LLP, special counsel for the Loan Parties, and (ii) from each local counsel for the Loan Parties
incorporated or organized in the United States or another Qualified Jurisdiction (or counsel for the Administrative Agent and Lenders
if it is customary in the relevant jurisdiction for such counsel to deliver such opinion), in each case, dated the Closing Date and addressed
to the L/C Issuers, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent and customary for senior secured credit facilities in transactions of this kind.

(d)Solvency
Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate from the chief financial officer of the Lead Borrower,
or, if no chief financial officer has been appointed, from the Permanent Representative, in the form of Exhibit I hereto.

(e)Luxembourg
Deliverables. The Administrative Agent shall have received for each Luxembourg Loan Party, (i) an excerpt from the RCS dated
no earlier than one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date, (ii) a certificate of non-registration of judicial decisions
or of administrative dissolution without liquidation (certificat de non-inscription dune dcision judiciaire ou de dissolution
administrative sans liquidation), issued by the Luxembourg Insolvency Register in respect of the Luxembourg Loan Party no earlier
than one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date certifying that, as of the date of the day immediately preceding such certificate,
the Luxembourg Loan Party has not been declared bankrupt (en faillite), and that it has not applied for general settlement or
composition with creditors (concordat prventif de faillite), administrative dissolution without liquidation (dissolution
administrative sans liquidation), controlled management (gestion contrle), or reprieve from payment (sursis
de paiement), judicial or voluntary liquidation (liquidation judiciaire ou volontaire), such other proceedings listed at Article 13,
items 4 to 12, 16 and 17 of the Luxembourg Act dated December 19, 2002 on the Register of Commerce and Companies, on Accounting
and on Annual Accounts of the Companies (as amended from time to time) and (iii) a certificate dated as of the Closing Date (signed
by a manager or an authorized signatory or the Permanent Representative) that the relevant Luxembourg Loan Party is not subject to nor,
as applicable, does it meet or threaten to meet the criteria of bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation
(liquidation volontaire ou judiciaire), composition with creditors (concordat prventif de faillite), administrative
dissolution without liquidation (dissolution administrative sans liquidation), controlled management (gestion contrle),
reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), general settlement with creditors, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights
of creditors generally, and no application has been made or is to be made by its respective managers or directors or, as far as it is
aware, by any other person for the appointment of a commissaire, juge-commissaire, liquidateur, curateur
or similar officer pursuant to any voluntary or judicial insolvency, winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings.

(149) 

(f)Insurance.
The Administrative Agent shall have received certificates of insurance complying with the requirements of Section 6.07(b) for
the business and properties of the Borrowers and its Subsidiaries, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and, except for any insurance governed by German law, naming the Collateral Agent as an additional insured and/or as loss payee.

(g)Organization
Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a copy of the Organization Documents, including all amendments thereto,
of each Loan Party, certified, if applicable, as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the state of its organization, and a certificate
as to the good standing or comparable certificate under applicable law (where relevant) of each Loan Party as of a recent date, from
such Secretary of State or similar Governmental Authority and (ii) a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary or the
Permanent Representative or an authorized signatory or a comparable officer under applicable law of each Loan Party dated the Closing
Date and certifying (where relevant) (A) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the Organization Documents of such
Loan Party as in effect on the Closing Date, (B) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by
the board of directors or board of managers (or equivalent governing body) of such Loan Party or, with respect to the Lead Borrower,
by its general partner, authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such Person is a party and,
in the case of the Borrowers, the borrowings hereunder, and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are
in full force and effect, (C) (save in respect of each Luxembourg Loan Party) that the Organization Documents of such Loan Party
have not been amended since the date of the last amendment thereto shown on the certificate of good standing or comparable certificate
under applicable law furnished pursuant to clause (i) above, (D) as to (if applicable) the incumbency and specimen signature
of each officer or manager or authorized signatory or Permanent Representative executing any Loan Document on behalf of such Loan Party
and countersigned by another officer or manager as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary or
comparable officer under applicable law executing the certificate pursuant to clause (ii) above, (E) if required by the
articles of association or laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization of any Loan Party (if applicable) or in the
context of any pledge of shares granted over the shares in the capital in any Loan Party, a copy of a resolution of the general meeting
or a resolution in writing signed by all the holders of the issued shares (if applicable) of that company, (F) if applicable, a
copy of a resolution signed by the supervisory board of the relevant Loan Party, (G) if applicable, an unconditional positive advice
from each relevant works' council including the request for advice and (E) such other matters that are customarily included in a
certificate of this nature in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization.

(h)Fees,
Etc. All duties, fees, reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses) and other compensation
contemplated hereby, payable to the Agents and the Lenders or otherwise payable in respect of the Transactions shall have been paid to
the extent due.

(i)USA
PATRIOT Act. The Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation, including a Beneficial Ownership Certification, and
other information required by regulatory authorities with respect to the Borrowers reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent under
applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA
PATRIOT Act.

(j)Refinancing.
The Refinancing shall have been consummated.

(150) 

(k)Senior2025
Notes. The Borrowers shall have issued Senior2025
Notes in an aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000 equivalent pursuant to the Senior2025
Notes Indenture.

(l)Financial Statements. The Arrangers and the Lenders shall have received the Audited
Financial Statements (and the audit report for such financial statements) and the Quarterly Financial Statements, which financial
statements described shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP.

(m)Cashless
Settlement Letter. The Cashless Settlement Letter shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers and each of the other
parties thereto to the Administrative Agent.

Section 4.02All
Credit Events. The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other
than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans) is subject
to the following conditions precedent:

(a)The
representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in Article V and in each other Loan Document shall be true and
correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension with the same effect as though made on and as of such
date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date.

(b)No
Default shall exist or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds therefrom.

(c)The
Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the relevant L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension
in accordance with the requirements hereof.

Each Request for Credit Extension (other than
a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Benchmark Rate Loans) submitted
by the Lead Borrower after the Closing Date shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and
(b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension.

Article V

Representations
and Warranties

Holdings, the Borrowers and
each of the other Loan Parties party hereto represent and warrant to the Agents and the Lenders at the time of each Credit Extension
that:

Section 5.01Existence,
Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws. Each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary
(other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) (a) is a Person duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the
Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (to the extent such concept exists in such jurisdiction), (b) has
all requisite power and authority to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business as currently conducted and (ii) in
the case of the Loan Parties, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) is
duly qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in such jurisdiction) under the Laws of each jurisdiction where
its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, (d) is in compliance
with all Laws, orders, writs and injunctions and (e) has all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals
to operate its business as currently conducted; except, in each case referred to in clause (a) (other than with respect to
each Borrower), (b)(i) (other than with respect to each Borrower), (c), (d) or (e), to the extent that failure to do so could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(151) 

Section 5.02Authorization;
No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan
Document to which such Person is a party, and the consummation of the Transactions, are within such Loan Partys corporate or other
powers, (a) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and (b) do not (i) contravene
the terms of any of such Persons Organization Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of,
or the creation of any Lien under (other than as permitted by Section 7.01), or require any payment to be made under (x) any
Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries
or (y) any material order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or
its property is subject, or (iii) violate any material Law; except with respect to any conflict, breach, contravention or payment
(but not the creation of any Lien) referred to in clause (ii)(x), to the extent that such conflict, breach, contravention or payment
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.03Governmental
Authorization; Other Consents. (a) No material approval, consent, exemption, authorization,
or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection
with (a) the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document,
or for the consummation of the Transactions, (b) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral
Documents, (c) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Collateral Documents (including the priority thereof)
or (d) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect
of the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents, except for (i) filings and registrations necessary to perfect, as applicable,
the Liens or register on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties, (ii) the approvals, consents,
exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings which have been (or, within the applicable period set out in the relevant Collateral
Document, will be) duly obtained, taken, given or made and are or (within such applicable period will be) in full force and effect (except
to the extent not required to be obtained, taken, given or made or in full force and effect pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement) and (iii) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings, the failure of
which to obtain or make could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Any
Luxembourg Loan Party has carried out its activities and will continue to carry out its activities in a manner which complies with all
relevant regulatory requirements regarding activities of the financial sector and in a manner which does not require it to be authorized
under the Luxembourg Act, dated April 5, 1993, on the financial sector, as amended.

Section 5.04Binding
Effect. This Agreement and each other Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered
by each Loan Party that is a party thereto. This Agreement and each other Loan Document constitute legal, valid and binding obligations
of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is a party thereto in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by (i) Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity (ii) the need for filings, registrations and,
with respect to Collateral owned by Foreign Subsidiaries, any other perfection steps necessary to create or perfect or register the Liens
on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties and (iii) the effect of foreign Laws, rules and
regulations as they relate to pledges, if any, of Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries and intercompany Indebtedness owed by Foreign
Subsidiaries.

Section 5.05Financial
Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. (a) The Annual Financial Statements and the
Quarterly Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of Topco and its Subsidiaries as of the
dates thereof and their results of operations for the periods covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout
the periods covered thereby, (A) except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (B) subject, in the case of the Quarterly
Financial Statements, to changes resulting from normal year-end adjustments and absence of footnotes.

(152) 

(b)The
unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet of Topco and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of the twelve-month period ending
on the last day of the most recently completed four-fiscal quarter period ended at least forty-five (45) days (or ninety (90) days in
case such four-fiscal quarter period is the end of Topcos fiscal year) prior to the Closing Date (such last day, the Pro
Forma Balance Sheet Date), prepared after giving effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred as of such
date (including the explanatory notes related to the adjustments thereto) (the Pro Forma Balance Sheet) and the
unaudited pro forma consolidated statement of income of Topco and its Subsidiaries for the twelve-month period ended on the Pro
Forma Balance Sheet Date, prepared after giving effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred at the beginning of such
period (together with the Pro Forma Balance Sheet, the Pro Forma Financial Statements), copies of which have heretofore
been furnished to the Administrative Agent, have been prepared based on the Annual Financial Statements (except for the exclusion of
the effects of the finalization of deferred tax accounting and acquisition accounting adjustments) and the Quarterly Financial Statements
and have been prepared in good faith, based on assumptions believed by the Lead Borrower to be reasonable as of the date of delivery
thereof, and present fairly in all material respects on a pro forma basis the estimated financial position of Topco and its Subsidiaries
as at the Pro Forma Balance Sheet Date and their estimated results of operations for the period covered thereby.

(c)The
forecasts of consolidated balance sheets, income statements and cash flow statements of Topco and its Subsidiaries for each of the fiscal
years ending December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2021, copies of which have been furnished to the Administrative Agent prior
to the Closing Date, and all Projections delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 have been prepared in good faith on the basis
of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were believed to be reasonable at the time made, it being understood that projections
as to future events are not to be viewed as facts and actual results may vary materially from such forecasts.

(d)Since
December 31, 2016, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.06Litigation.
There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Lead Borrower, threatened in writing,
at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
or against any of their properties or revenues that either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

Section 5.07Ownership
of Property; Liens. (a) The Lead Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries
has good record title to, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in (in each case, to the
extent applicable in the jurisdiction in which such Real Property is located), all Real Property necessary in the ordinary conduct of
its business, free and clear of all Liens except as set forth on Schedule 5.07 hereto and except for minor defects in title that
do not materially interfere with its ability to conduct its business or to utilize such assets for their intended purposes and Liens
permitted by Section 7.01 and except where the failure to have such title, interest, easement or other limited property interest
could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(153) 

(b)Schedule
6 to the Perfection Certificate dated as of the Closing Date contain a true and complete list of Material Real Property owned by the
Lead Borrower and any of its wholly-owned Domestic Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date.

Section 5.08Environmental
Matters. Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.08(a) or except as could not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect:

(a)each
Loan Party is in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, and has obtained, and is in compliance with, all Environmental Permits
required of any of them under applicable Environmental Laws;

(b)there
are no claims, proceedings, investigations or actions by any Governmental Authority or other Person pending, or to the knowledge of the
Lead Borrower, threatened in writing, under any Environmental Law or to revoke, suspend or modify any Environmental Permit held by any
of the Loan Parties under applicable Environmental Laws;

(c)none
of the Loan Parties has agreed to assume or accept responsibility, by contract or otherwise, for any Environmental Liability of any other
Person; and

(d)there
are no facts, circumstances or conditions relating to the past or present business or operations of any of the Loan Parties or any of
their respective predecessors (including the disposal of any wastes, hazardous substances or other materials), or to any Real Property
at any time owned, leased or operated by any of them, that could reasonably be expected to give rise to any Environmental Liability on
the part of the Loan Parties.

Section 5.09Taxes.
Except as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each of
the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have filed all returns, statements, forms and reports for taxes (for purposes of this Section,
Returns) required to be filed, and the Returns accurately reflect all liability for taxes of the Loan Parties and
their Subsidiaries as a whole for the periods covered thereby. Except as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have paid all taxes levied or imposed
upon them or their properties that are due and payable (including in their capacity as a withholding agent), except those which are being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance
with GAAP if such contest shall have the effect of suspending enforcement or collection of such taxes. There is no action, suit, proceeding,
investigation, audit, or claim now pending or, to the best knowledge of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, threatened by
any authority regarding any taxes relating to the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, nor is there any proposed Tax deficiency
or assessment known to any Loan Parties against the Loan Parties that would, if made, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect.

Section 5.10ERISA
Compliance. (a) Except as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Pension Plan is in compliance in form and operation with its terms and with
the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and all other applicable Laws and regulations.

(b)(i) No
ERISA Event has occurred during the five year period prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made; (ii) no
Loan Party, Restricted Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA
with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA); (iii) no Loan Party,
Restricted Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which,
with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with
respect to a Multiemployer Plan; and (iv) no Loan Party, Restricted Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that
could reasonably be expected to be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA; except, with respect to each of the foregoing clauses
(i) through (iv) of this Section 5.10(b), as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(154) 

(c)Except
as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) each Foreign Pension Plan maintained or administered
by the Loan Party or a Restricted Subsidiary has been maintained in compliance with its terms and with the requirements of any and all
applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders and has been maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory
authorities; (ii) all contributions required to be made by a Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary with respect to a Foreign Pension
Plan have been timely made and the Loan Parties and Restricted Subsidiaries have not incurred any obligation in connection with the termination
of, or withdrawal from, any Foreign Pension Plan; and (iii) each Foreign Pension Plan maintained or administered by the Loan Party
or a Restricted Subsidiary is funded to the extent required by Law or otherwise to comply with the requirements of any material Law applicable
in the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Pension Plan is maintained.

Section 5.11Subsidiaries;
Equity Interests. As of the Closing Date (after giving effect to any part of the Transactions
that is consummated on or prior to the Closing Date), no Loan Party has any Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Schedule
5.11, and all of the outstanding Equity Interests owned by the Loan Parties (or a Subsidiary of any Loan Party) in such Subsidiaries
have been validly issued and are fully paid and all Equity Interests owned by a Loan Party (or a Subsidiary of any Loan Party) in such
Subsidiaries are owned free and clear of all Liens except (i) those created under the Collateral Documents and (ii) any Lien
that is permitted under Section 7.01. As of the Closing Date, Schedules 1(a) and 7(a) and (b) to the Perfection
Certificate (a) set forth the name and jurisdiction of each Borrower and each Borrowers wholly-owned domestic Subsidiaries
that are Loan Parties and (b) set forth the ownership interest of each Borrower, its wholly-owned domestic Subsidiaries and any
other Subsidiary thereof, including the percentage of such ownership.

Section 5.12Margin
Regulations; Investment Company Act. (a) Neither Borrower is engaged nor will it engage,
principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the
purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no proceeds of any Borrowings or drawings under any Letter of Credit will be used
for any purpose that violates Regulation U.

(b)None
of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party is, or is required to be, registered as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940.

Section 5.13Disclosure.
To the best knowledge of the Lead Borrower, no report, financial statement, certificate or other written information furnished by or
on behalf of any Loan Party (other than projected financial information, pro forma financial information and information of a
general economic or industry nature) to any Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation
of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) when
taken as a whole contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein
(when taken as a whole), in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading. With respect to projected
financial information and pro forma financial information, the Lead Borrower represents that such information was prepared in
good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation of such materials; it being understood that such
projections may vary from actual results and that such variances may be material.

(155) 

Section 5.14Labor
Matters. Except as, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect: (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes against the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
pending or, to the knowledge of the Lead Borrower, threatened in writing; (b) hours worked by and payment made to employees of the
Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable
Laws dealing with such matters; and (c) all payments due from the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries on account
of employee health and welfare insurance have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the relevant party.

Section 5.15Intellectual
Property; Licenses, Etc.. The Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries own,
license or possess the right to use all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, copyrights, patents, patent rights,
technology, domain names, software, trade secrets, know-how database rights, design rights and other intellectual property rights (collectively,
IP Rights) that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted,
and such IP Rights do not conflict with the rights of any Person, except to the extent such conflicts, either individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Lead
Borrower, no use of IP Rights, advertising, product, process, method, substance, part or other material used by any Loan Party
or any of its Subsidiaries in the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted infringes upon any rights held by any
Person except for such infringements, individually or in the aggregate, which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. No claim, accused infringements or litigation regarding any of the IP Rights is pending or, to the knowledge of the Lead Borrower,
threatened in writing against any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.16Solvency.
On the Closing Date, upon giving effect to the Transactions, the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis,
are Solvent.

Section 5.17Subordination
of Junior Financing. The Obligations are Senior Debt, Senior Indebtedness,
Guarantor Senior Debt or Senior Secured Financing (or any comparable term) under, and as defined in, any
Junior Financing Documentation.

Section 5.18Collateral
Documents; Valid Liens. Except as otherwise contemplated hereby or under any other Loan
Documents, the provisions of the Collateral Documents and any other documents and instruments necessary to satisfy the Collateral and
Guarantee Requirement, together with such filings and other actions required to be taken hereby or by the applicable Collateral Documents
(including the delivery to the Administrative Agent of any Pledged Debt and any Pledged Equity required to be delivered pursuant to the
applicable Collateral Documents), are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, except
as otherwise provided hereunder, including subject to Liens permitted by Section 7.01, a legal, valid, enforceable and perfected
firstsecond priority
(relative to the Obligations under, and as defined in, the
Superpriority Credit Agreement) Lien on all right, title and interest of the respective Loan Parties in the Collateral described
therein.

Notwithstanding anything herein
(including this Section 5.18) or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, neither the Lead Borrower nor any other Loan
Party makes any representation or warranty as to (A) the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority or the enforceability
of any pledge of or security interest in any Equity Interests of any Foreign Subsidiary that is not organized in a Qualified Jurisdiction,
or as to the rights and remedies of the Agents or any Lender with respect thereto, under foreign Law (other than the law of any Qualified
Jurisdiction) or (B) the pledge or creation of any security interest, or the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority
or the enforceability of any pledge of or security interest to the extent such pledge, security interest, perfection or priority is not
required pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

(156) 

Section 5.19Centre
of Main Interest. For the purposes of the Insolvency Regulation, the centre of main interest
(as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Insolvency Regulation) of each Holdco, each Borrower and each of their Restricted
Subsidiaries that is formed or incorporated in a jurisdiction within the European Union is situated in the jurisdiction of its registered
office and it has no establishment (as that term is used in Article 2(10) of the Insolvency Regulation) in any
other jurisdiction, save for the Swiss branch of Trinseo Finance Luxembourg S. r.l..

Section 5.20Pensions
Act. (a) Neither the Lead Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is or has
been an employer (for the purposes of sections 38 to 51 of the Pensions Act 2004) of an occupational pension scheme which is not a money
purchase scheme (both terms as defined in the Pension Schemes Act 1993 as amended).

(b)Neither
the Lead Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is or has
been connected with or an associate of (as those terms are used in sections 39 and 43 of the Pensions Act
2004) such an employer.

Section 5.21Commercial
Benefit. Each Loan Party acknowledges that the entry into and performance by such Loan Party
of its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party is for such Loan Partys commercial benefit.

Section 5.22USA
Patriot Act, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions.(a) To the extent applicable, each of Holdings and its Subsidiaries is in compliance, in all material
respects, with (i) (i) the
Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31
CFR Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto and (ii) the USA Patriot
Act and AML Laws.

(b)(b) Holdings
and its Subsidiaries, their respective directors and officers, and to the knowledge of Holdings or its Subsidiaries, their respective
employees and agents, have conducted their businesses in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws in all material respects. No part of the
proceeds of the Loans (or any Letters of Credit) will be used by Holdings or its Subsidiaries, directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly,
for any offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization or approval of the payment or giving of money or anything else of value to any
governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting
in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct any improper business advantage, in violation in any material respect of
any Anti-Corruption Laws.

(c)(c) (i) None
of Holdings or its Subsidiaries will directly or, to the knowledge of Holdings or such Subsidiary, indirectly, use the proceeds of the
Loans (or Letters of Credit) in violation of applicable Sanctions or otherwise knowingly make available such proceeds to any Person for
the purpose of financing the activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent
licensed, exempted or otherwise approved by a competent governmental body responsible for enforcing such Sanctions, (ii) none of
Holdings, any Subsidiary or to the knowledge of Holdings or such Subsidiary, their respective directors, officers or employees or, to
the knowledge of either Borrower, any controlled Affiliate of Holdings, either Borrower or their respective Subsidiaries that will act
in any capacity in connection with or benefit from any Facility, is a Sanctioned Person and (iii) none of Holdings, its Subsidiaries
or, to the knowledge of Holdings or such Subsidiary, their respective directors, officers and employees are in violation of applicable
Sanctions in any material respect.

(157) 

Section 5.23Luxembourg
Specific Representations. (i) Each Luxembourg Loan Party is in full compliance with
all requirements of the Luxembourg Act dated May 31, 1999 on the domiciliation of companies, as amended from time to time and all
related regulations and (ii) the head office (administration centrale), the place of effective management (sige
de direction effective) and (for the purposes of the Insolvency Regulation) the center of main interests (centre des intrts
principaux) of each Luxembourg Loan Party in Luxembourg is located at the place of its registered office (sige statutaire)
in Luxembourg.

Article VI

Affirmative
Covenants

So long as any Lender shall
have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations as to which no
claim has been asserted, (ii) obligations under Treasury Services Agreements and (iii) obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements)
hereunder which is accrued and payable shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (unless the
Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations related thereto has been Cash Collateralized or a backstop letter of credit reasonably satisfactory
to the applicable L/C Issuer is in place), then from and after the Closing Date, the Lead Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case
of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01, 6.02 and 6.16) cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to:

Section 6.01Financial
Statements. (a) Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution
to each Lender, within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year completed after the Closing Date, a consolidated balance sheet
of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations,
stockholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous
fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLC or any other independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion (i) shall
be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and (ii) shall not be subject to any going concern
or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (except as may be required as a result
of (x) a prospective Event of Default with respect to the Financial Covenant, (y) in the case
of the Term Loans, an actual Event of Default with respect to the Financial Covenant or (z) the impending maturity
of any Indebtedness);

(b)Deliver
to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender, within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal
quarter of each fiscal year of the Lead Borrower completed after the Closing Date (other than the fourth fiscal quarter of any fiscal
year for which the Lead Borrower is required to deliver financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a)), a consolidated
balance sheet of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and the related (i) consolidated statements
of income or operations for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the fiscal year then ended and (ii) consolidated statements
of cash flows for such fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the
figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all
in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with
GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

(158) 

(c)Deliver
to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender, no later than ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal
year of the Lead Borrower completed after the Closing Date, a detailed consolidated budget for the following fiscal year on a quarterly
basis and for the next succeeding three years on an annual basis (including a projected consolidated balance sheet of the Lead
Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of each such fiscal year, the related consolidated statements of projected cash flow
and projected income and a summary of the material underlying assumptions applicable thereto) (collectively, the Projections),
which Projections shall in each case be accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower stating that such
Projections have been prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were believed by the Lead
Borrower to be reasonable at the time of preparation and at the time of delivery of such Projections, it being understood that actual
results may vary from such Projections and that such variations may be material; and

(d)Deliver
to the Administrative Agent with each set of consolidated financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) above,
the related consolidating financial statements reflecting the adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries
(if any) (which may be in footnote form only) from such consolidated financial statements.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the obligations in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 6.01 may be satisfied with respect to
financial information of the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries by furnishing the Lead Borrowers (or any Parents)
Form l0-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC; provided that (i) to the extent such information relates to a
Parent, such information is accompanied by unaudited consolidating information that explains in reasonable detail the differences between
the information relating to such Parent, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries
on a standalone basis, on the other hand, and (ii) to the extent such information is in lieu of information required to be provided
under Section 6.01(a), such materials are accompanied by a report and opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or any other
independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance
with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception
or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (except as may be required as a result of (x) a
prospective Event of Default with respect to the Financial Covenant, (y) in the case of the Term Loans, an actual Event of Default
with respect to the Financial Covenant or (z) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness).

Any financial statement required
to be delivered pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) or 6.01(b) shall not be required to include acquisition accounting
adjustments relating to any Permitted Acquisition to the extent it is not practicable to include any such adjustments in such financial
statement.

Documents required to be
delivered pursuant to this Section 6.01 and Section 6.02(b) and (c) may be delivered electronically
and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which any Parent (or the Lead Borrower) posts such
documents, or provides a link thereto on the website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02; or (ii) on
which such documents are posted on the Lead Borrowers behalf on IntraLinks/IntraAgency or another relevant website, if any, to
which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative
Agent); provided that: (i) upon written request by the Administrative Agent, the Lead Borrower shall deliver paper copies
of such documents (which may be electronic copies delivered via electronic mail) to the Administrative Agent for further distribution
to each Lender until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Lead Borrower
shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent of the posting of any such documents and provide
to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein, in every instance the Lead Borrower shall be required to provide paper copies (which may be electronic copies delivered
via electronic mail) of the Compliance Certificates required by Section 6.02(a) to the Administrative Agent; provided,
however, that if such Compliance Certificate is first delivered by electronic means, the date of such delivery by electronic means
shall constitute the date of delivery for purposes of compliance with Section 6.02(a). Each Lender shall be solely responsible
for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining
its copies of such documents.

(159) 

Section 6.02Certificates;
Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to
each Lender:

(a)no
later than five (5) days after the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a) and (b),
a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower;

(b)promptly
after the same are publicly available, copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements, if any,
which either Holdco, the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary files with the SEC, ASIC or with any applicable Governmental Authority
that may be substituted therefor (other than amendments to any registration statement (to the extent such registration statement, in
the form it became effective, is delivered), exhibits to any registration statement and, if applicable, any registration statement on
Form S-8) and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto;

(c)promptly
after the furnishing thereof, copies of any material requests or material notices received by any Loan Party (other than in the ordinary
course of business) or material statements or material reports furnished to any holder of debt securities (other than in connection with
any board observer rights) of any Loan Party or of any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any Junior Financing Documentation
in each case in a principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount and not otherwise required to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant
to any clause of this Section 6.02;

(d)together
with the delivery of each Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(a), (i) in the case of annual Compliance Certificates
only, a report setting forth the information required by sections describing the legal name and the jurisdiction of formation of each
Loan Party and the location of the chief executive office of each Loan Party or confirming that there has been no change in such information
since the Closing Date or the date of the last such report, (ii) a description of each event, condition or circumstance during the
last fiscal quarter covered by such Compliance Certificate requiring a mandatory prepayment under Section 2.05(b)(ii) and
(iii) a list of each Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that identifies each Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted
Subsidiary as of the date of delivery of such Compliance Certificate (to the extent that there have been any changes in the identity
or status as a Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary of any such Subsidiaries since the later of the Closing Date and the
most recent list provided); and

(e)promptly,
such additional information regarding the business, legal, financial or corporate affairs of the Loan Parties or any of their respective
Restricted Subsidiaries, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender through the Administrative
Agent may from time to time reasonably request.

Section 6.03Notices.
Promptly after a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party has obtained actual knowledge thereof, notify the Administrative Agent:

(a)of
the occurrence of any Default;

(160) 

(b)of the occurrence of an ERISA Event which could reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect; and

(c)of
the filing or commencement of, or any written threat or written notice of intention of any person to file or commence, any action, suit,
litigation or proceeding, whether at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority, against the Lead Borrower or any Loan
Party that could in each case reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Each notice pursuant to this
Section shall be accompanied by a written statement of a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower (x) that such notice is being
delivered pursuant to Section 6.03(a), (b) or (c) (as applicable) and (y) setting forth details
of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Lead Borrower or the respective Loan Party has taken and proposes to
take with respect thereto.

Section 6.04Payment
of Taxes. Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy, as the same shall become due and payable
in the normal conduct of its business, all its obligations and liabilities in respect of taxes imposed upon it or upon its income or
profits or in respect of its property, except, in each case, to the extent any such tax is being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings for which appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP or the failure to pay or discharge the same
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.05Preservation
of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect
its legal existence under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except (x) in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04
or 7.05 and (y) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with any other Restricted Subsidiary and
(b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges (including its good standing where applicable in the relevant
jurisdiction), permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except, in the case of
(a) (other than with respect to either Borrower) or (b) to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or pursuant to a transaction permitted by Section 7.04
or 7.05 or clause (a) (y) of this Section 6.05.

Section 6.06Maintenance
of Properties. Except (i) if the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) for Dispositions permitted by Section 7.05
(a) maintain, preserve and protect all of its material tangible properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business
in as good a working order, repair and condition, as they were in on the date hereof, ordinary wear and tear excepted and fire, casualty
or condemnation excepted, (b) make all necessary renewals, replacements, modifications, improvements, upgrades, extensions and additions
thereof or thereto in accordance with prudent industry practice and in the normal conduct of its business, and (c) maintain or renew
all of its registered or issued intellectual property.

Section 6.07Maintenance
of Insurance.

(a)Generally.
Maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss
or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts
(after giving effect to any self-insurance reasonable and customary for similarly situated Persons engaged in the same or similar businesses
as the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons.

(b)Requirements
of Insurance. (i) All such insurance shall (other than for any German Loan Party) name the Collateral Agent as mortgagee (in
the case of property insurance) or additional insured on behalf of the Secured Parties (in the case of liability insurance) or loss payee
(in the case of property insurance), as applicable and (ii) with respect to any German insurance contract or policy of a German
Loan Party, a German Loan Party shall not agree on a cancellation, material reduction in amount or material change in coverage thereof
that is adverse to the interests of any Agent or the Lenders without providing the Administrative Agent with a written notice ten (10) days
prior to effecting such cancellation, material reduction on amount or material change in coverage setting out in detail what the
cancellation, material reduction on amount or material change in coverage will be; provided that if the Administrative Agent does
not notify the relevant German Loan Party within ten (10) days after having received such notice that it objects the action contemplated
in the notice, such German Loan Party may agree on such cancellation, material reduction or material change.

(161) 

(c)Flood
Insurance. With respect to each Mortgaged Property, obtain flood insurance in such total amount as the Administrative Agent may from
time to time reasonably require, if at any time the area in which any improvements located on any Mortgaged Property is designated a
flood hazard area in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor
agency), and otherwise comply with the Flood Laws.

(d)If
the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to maintain insurance in accordance with this Section 6.07, or if
the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to so endorse and deposit all policies or certificates with respect thereto,
the Administrative Agent shall have the right (but shall be under no obligation) to procure such insurance and the Lead Borrower and
its Subsidiaries jointly and severally agree to reimburse the Administrative Agent for all costs and expenses of procuring such insurance.
The provisions of this Section 6.07 shall be deemed supplemental to, but not duplicative of, the provisions of any Collateral
Documents that require the maintenance of insurance.

Section 6.08Compliance
with Laws. Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders,
writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except, in each case, if the failure to comply therewith
could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.09Books
and Records. Maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries that are full,
true and correct in all material respects and are in conformity with GAAP consistently applied and which reflect all material financial
transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be (it being
understood and agreed that certain Foreign Subsidiaries maintain individual books and records in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles in their respective countries of organization and that such maintenance shall not constitute a breach of the representations,
warranties or covenants hereunder).

Section 6.10Inspection
Rights. Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and
each Lender to visit and inspect any of such Loan Partys or such Restricted Subsidiarys properties, to examine such Persons
corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss such Persons affairs,
finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants (subject to such accountants customary
policies and procedures), all at the reasonable expense of the Lead Borrower and at such reasonable times during normal business hours
and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Lead Borrower; provided that only the Administrative
Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 6.10 and
the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than two (2) times during any calendar year and only one (1) such
time shall be at the Lead Borrowers expense; provided further that when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
the Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives or independent contractors), on behalf of itself and the Lenders, may do any
of the foregoing at the expense of the Lead Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice. The
Administrative Agent shall give the Lead Borrower the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Lead Borrowers independent
public accountants. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.10, none of the Lead Borrower or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to disclose, or permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion
of, any document, information or other matter that (i) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information,
(ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors)
is prohibited by Law or any binding agreement or (iii) is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney
work-product.

(162) 

Section 6.11Additional
Collateral; Additional Guarantors. At the Borrowers expense, subject to the limitations
and exceptions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the provisions of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and any applicable
limitation in any Collateral Document, take all action necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent to ensure that the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement continues to be satisfied, including:

(a)Upon
(1) the formation or acquisition of any new direct or indirect Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary or Excluded
Subsidiary) that is organized in a Qualified Jurisdiction (other than Hong Kong or Singapore), (2) the designation in accordance
with Section 6.15 of any existing direct or indirect Subsidiary that is organized in a Qualified Jurisdiction (other than
Hong Kong or Singapore) as a Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary), (3) the re-designation in accordance with
the proviso to the definition of Immaterial Subsidiary of any existing direct or indirect Restricted Subsidiary (other
than any Immaterial Subsidiary or any Excluded Subsidiary) that is organized in a Qualified Jurisdiction (other than Hong Kong or Singapore),
or (4) the designation of any Restricted Subsidiary that is
an Immaterial Subsidiary or an Excluded Subsidiary as a Guarantor with, other than in the case of any such Restricted Subsidiary organized
in a Qualified Jurisdiction, the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent to be based on matters of concern relating
to the procurement of a guarantee from such Guarantor, the enforceability thereof and the taking and perfecting of a security interest
in the assets of such Guarantor to secure its obligations thereunder), which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed:

(i)within
(x) 45 days after such formation, acquisition or designation with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary
or with respect to Collateral located in the U.S. or (y) 90 days after such formation, acquisition or designation with respect to
a Foreign Subsidiary or with respect to non-U.S. Collateral or, in each case, such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree
in writing in its discretion:

(A)cause
each such Restricted Subsidiary to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as appropriate) a Guarantor
Joinder to this Agreement and joinders to the Security Agreement Supplements, Intellectual Property Security Agreements, a counterpart
of the Global Intercompany Note and other security agreements and documents (including, with respect to such Mortgages, the documents
listed in Schedule 6.18), as reasonably requested by and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
(consistent with the Mortgages, Security Agreement, Intellectual Property Security Agreements and other security agreements in effect
on the Closing Date), in each case granting Liens required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement;

(B)cause
each such Restricted Subsidiary (and the parent of each such Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor) to deliver any and all certificates
representing Equity Interests (to the extent certificated) and intercompany notes that are required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral
and Guarantee Requirement, accompanied by undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed in blank;

(163) 

(C)take
and cause such Restricted Subsidiary and each direct or indirect parent of such Restricted Subsidiary to take whatever action (including
the recording of Mortgages, the filing of UCC financing statements and delivery of stock and membership interest certificates) as may
be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent to vest in the Collateral Agent (or in any representative of the Collateral
Agent designated by it) valid and perfected Liens to the extent required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, and to otherwise
comply with the requirements of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement;

(ii)if
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, within forty-five (45) days after such request (or such longer
period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion), deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of an opinion from
(A) counsel for the additional Loan Party and/or (B) counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Lenders mutually determined
in accordance with customary practice in the jurisdiction where the additional Loan Party is located and addressed to the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders. Such opinion shall be in form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to such customary matters set
forth in this Section 6.11(a) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request;

(iii)as
promptly as practicable after the request therefor by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, deliver to the Collateral Agent with
respect to each Material Real Property owned by any Loan Party (as applicable) any existing title reports, abstracts or environmental
assessment reports, to the extent available and in the possession or control of the Lead Borrower; provided, however, that
there shall be no obligation to deliver to the Administrative Agent any existing environmental assessment report whose disclosure to
the Administrative Agent would require the consent of a Person other than the Lead Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries, where, despite
the commercially reasonable efforts of the Lead Borrower to obtain such consent, such consent cannot be obtained; and

(iv)if
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, within sixty (60) days after such request (or such longer period
as the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion), deliver to the Collateral Agent any other items necessary from time to time
to satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement with respect to perfection and existence of security interests with respect to property
of any Guarantor acquired after the Closing Date and subject to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, but not specifically covered
by the preceding clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) or clause (b) below.

(b)Not
later than one hundred twenty (120) days after the acquisition by any Loan Party of Material Real Property (or such longer period as
the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion) that is required to be provided as Collateral pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement, which property would not be automatically subject to another Lien pursuant to pre-existing Collateral Documents, cause such
property to be subject to a Lien and Mortgage in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and take, or
cause the relevant Loan Party to take, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to grant
and perfect or record such Lien, in each case to the extent required by, and subject to the limitations and exceptions of, the Collateral
and Guarantee Requirement and to otherwise comply with the requirements of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

(c)Always
ensuring that the Obligations are secured by a first-prioritysecond-priority
(relative to the Obligations under, and as defined in, the Superpriority Credit Agreement) security interest in
all the Equity Interests of the Borrowers.

(164) 

(d)Singapore
Subsidiaries.

(i)Within
60 days after the formation or acquisition by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any new direct or indirect Restricted
Subsidiary that is a Singapore Subsidiary or the designation in accordance with Section 6.15 of any existing direct or indirect
Singapore Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in writing in its discretion:

(A)cause
each such Singapore Subsidiary to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as appropriate) a Guarantor
Joinder to this Agreement;

(B)cause
each such Singapore Subsidiary to deliver (1) a fixed and floating charge over all its property duly executed and delivered by each
such Singapore Subsidiary in favor of the Collateral Agent, (2) an equitable mortgage of shares duly executed and delivered by the
shareholders of each such Singapore Subsidiary in favor of the Collateral Agent (Singapore Share Mortgage)
and (3) a Mortgage over all its Material Real Property duly executed and delivered by each such Singapore Subsidiary in favor of
the Collateral Agent, in each case constituting first ranking Liens in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent;

(C)cause
each such Singapore Subsidiary (and the parent of each such Singapore Subsidiary that is a Guarantor) to deliver any and all original
share certificates, original blank share transfers and certified extract of share registers representing Equity Interests and intercompany
notes that are required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and the Singapore Share Mortgages;

(D)if
required, cause the shareholders of each such Singapore Subsidiary
to execute and deliver shareholder resolutions to amend the memorandum and articles of association of the Singapore Subsidiary so that
it includes a provision which provides that the directors may not refuse to register a share transfer effected by the Collateral Agent
or a Lender on enforcement of Collateral over those shares;

(E)cause
each such Singapore Subsidiary to deliver to counsel for the Lenders (1) an original bizfile authorization letter addressed to counsel
for the Lenders signed by each such Singapore Subsidiary and (2) original statements containing particulars of charge (drafts of
which are to be provided by counsel to the Collateral Agent and the Lenders within reasonable time following execution of the respective
Collateral Documents) in relation to any Collateral Documents which are registrable as charges pursuant to the Companies Act (Cap.
50)1967 of Singapore;

(F)cause
each such Singapore Subsidiary to provide evidence that all Collateral Documents to which it is a party and
Singapore Share Mortgages are duly stamped or, if not duly stamped, confirmation that they will be duly stamped;

(G)if
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, within forty-five (45) days after such request (or such longer
period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion), deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of an opinion, addressed
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, of counsel for the Loan Parties (or counsel for the Administrative Agent and Lenders if
it is customary in Singapore for such counsel to deliver such opinion) reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to such matters
set forth in this Section 6.11(d) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; and

(165) 

(H)as
promptly as practicable after the request therefor by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, deliver to the Collateral Agent with
respect to each Material Real Property any existing title reports, abstracts or environmental assessment reports, to the extent available
and in the possession or control of the Lead Borrower or a Singapore Subsidiary; provided, however, that there shall be
no obligation to deliver to the Administrative Agent any existing environmental assessment report whose disclosure to the Administrative
Agent would require the consent of a Person other than the Lead Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries, where, despite the commercially
reasonable efforts of the Lead Borrower to obtain such consent, such consent cannot be obtained.

(ii)Take
and cause each Restricted Subsidiary that is a Singapore Subsidiary and each direct or indirect parent of such Singapore Subsidiary to
take whatever action (including the registration of Mortgages, the registration of the Collateral at ACRA, payment of stamp duty, delivery
of any certificates of title and delivery of share certificates) as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent
to vest in the Collateral Agent (or in any representative of the Collateral Agent designated by it) valid and perfected Liens to the
extent required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, and to otherwise comply with the requirements of the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement.

(e)Hong
Kong Subsidiaries. Upon the formation or acquisition by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any new direct or indirect
Restricted Subsidiary that is a Hong Kong Subsidiary or the designation in accordance with Section 6.15 of any existing direct
or indirect Hong Kong Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary and the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower determine that financial
assistance pursuant to Section 275 of the Companies Ordinance (Cap 622 of the laws of Hong Kong) has been given by such Hong Kong
Subsidiary:

(i)Ensure
that:

(A)all
board and/or shareholder resolutions which are required to be passed under the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the laws of Hong Kong)
to approve the giving of financial assistance by each such Hong Kong Subsidiary in connection with the entering into and performance
of each of the Loan Documents by each such Hong Kong Subsidiary are passed; and

(B)all
statutory requirements (including filings) in connection with the giving of the financial assistance referred to in clause (A) above
are complied with.

(ii)Ensure
that each such Hong Kong Subsidiary immediately provides the Administrative Agent with certified copies of all the Hong Kong Financial
Assistance Documents, together with evidence that all statutory filings in relation to such documents have been complied with.

(iii)Within
60 days after such formation, acquisition or designation (as relevant) and delivery of any Hong Kong Financial Assistance Documents,
or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in writing in its discretion:

(A)cause
each such Hong Kong Subsidiary to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as appropriate) a Guarantor
Joinder to this Agreement;

(B)cause
each such Hong Kong Subsidiary to deliver (i) a fixed and floating charge over all its property duly executed and delivered by each
such Hong Kong Subsidiary in favor of the Collateral Agent, (ii) an equitable mortgage of shares in such Hong Kong Subsidiary duly
executed and delivered in favor of the Collateral Agent (Hong Kong Share Mortgage) and (iii) a Mortgage over
all its Material Real Property duly executed and delivered by each such Hong Kong Subsidiary in favor of the Collateral Agent, in each
case constituting first ranking Liens in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent;

(166) 

(C)cause
each such Hong Kong Subsidiary (and the parent of each such Hong Kong Subsidiary that is a Guarantor) to deliver any and all original
share certificates, original blank share transfers and certified extract of share registers representing Equity Interests and intercompany
notes that are required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and the Hong Kong Share Mortgages;

(D)if
required, cause each such Hong Kong Subsidiary to execute and deliver shareholder resolutions to amend the memorandum and articles of
association of the Hong Kong Subsidiary so that they include a provision which provides that the directors may not refuse to register
a share transfer effected by the Collateral Agent or a Lender on enforcement of Collateral over those shares;

(E)cause
each such Hong Kong Subsidiary to deliver together with each Collateral Document delivered pursuant to clause (B) above each duly
executed form which is required to be lodged with the Companies Registry of Hong Kong in connection with the giving of the Collateral
Documents; and

(F)take
and cause each such Hong Kong Subsidiary and each direct or indirect parent of each such Hong Kong Subsidiary to take whatever action
(including the registration of Mortgages, the registration of the Collateral, delivery of any certificates of title and delivery of share
certificates) as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent to vest in the Collateral Agent (or in any representative
of the Collateral Agent designated by it) valid and perfected Liens to the extent required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement,
and to otherwise comply with the requirements of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement;

(iv)if
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, within forty-five (45) days after such request (or such longer
period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion), deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of an opinion, addressed
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, of counsel for the Lenders or (as applicable) the Loan Parties reasonably acceptable to
the Administrative Agent as to such matters set forth in this Section 6.11(e) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
request; and

(v)as
promptly as practicable after the request therefor by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, deliver to the Collateral Agent with
respect to each Material Real Property any existing title reports, abstracts or environmental assessment reports, to the extent available
and in the possession or control of the Lead Borrower or a Hong Kong Subsidiary; provided, however, that there shall be
no obligation to deliver to the Administrative Agent any existing environmental assessment report whose disclosure to the Administrative
Agent would require the consent of a Person other than the Lead Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries, where, despite the commercially
reasonable efforts of the Lead Borrower to obtain such consent, such consent cannot be obtained.

(167) 

(f)Irish
Subsidiaries.

(i)Within
60 days after the formation or acquisition by Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any new direct or indirect Restricted
Subsidiary that is an Irish Subsidiary or the designation in accordance with Section 6.15 of any existing direct or indirect
Irish Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in writing in its discretion:

(A)cause
each such Irish Subsidiary to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as appropriate) a Guarantor
Joinder to this Agreement;

(B)cause
each such Irish Subsidiary to deliver a mortgage debenture creating fixed and floating charges over all its property and assets (the
Debenture) duly executed and delivered by each such Irish Subsidiary in favor of the Collateral Agent, constituting
first ranking Liens in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent;

(C)cause
each such Irish Subsidiary (and the parent of each such Irish Subsidiary that is a Guarantor) to deliver any and all original share certificates,
original blank share transfers and certified extract of share registers representing Equity Interests and intercompany notes that are
required to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and the Debenture;

(D)if
required, cause each such Irish Subsidiary to execute and deliver shareholder resolutions to amend the articles of association or the
constitution of the Irish Subsidiary so that they include a provision which provides that the directors may not refuse to register a
share transfer effected the Collateral Agent or by a Lender on enforcement of Collateral over those shares;

(E)cause
each such Irish Subsidiary to deliver to counsel for the Lenders original statements containing particulars of charge (drafts of which
are to be provided by counsel to the Lenders within reasonable time following execution of the respective Collateral Documents) in relation
to any Collateral Documents which are registrable as charges pursuant to the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland;

(F)if
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, within forty-five (45) days after such request (or such longer
period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its discretion), deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of an opinion, addressed
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, of counsel for the Lenders reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to such
matters set forth in this Section 6.11(f) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; and

(G)as
promptly as practicable after the request therefor by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, deliver to the Collateral Agent with
respect to each Material Real Property (if any) any existing title reports or certificates of title, environmental impact studies, to
the extent available and in the possession or control of the Lead Borrower or an Irish Subsidiary; provided, however, that
there shall be no obligation to deliver to the Administrative Agent any existing environmental impact studies whose disclosure to the
Administrative Agent would require the consent of a Person other than the Lead Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries, where, despite the
commercially reasonable efforts of the Lead Borrower to obtain such consent, such consent cannot be obtained.

(168) 

(ii)Take
and cause each Restricted Subsidiary that is an Irish Subsidiary and each direct or indirect parent of such Irish Subsidiary to take
whatever action (including the registration of Debenture at the Irish Companies Registration Office and on any other relevant register,
including but not limited to the Irish Property Registration Authority, payment of stamp duty, delivery of any land certificates or title
deeds and delivery of share certificates) as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent to vest in the Collateral
Agent (or in any representative of the Collateral Agent designated by it) valid and perfected Liens to the extent required by the Collateral
and Guarantee Requirement, and to otherwise comply with the requirements of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

Section 6.12Compliance
with Environmental Laws. (a) Except, in each case, to the extent that the failure
to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, comply, and take all
reasonable actions to cause all lessees and other Persons operating or occupying any of their Real Properties or facilities to comply,
with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits; obtain and renew all Environmental Permits necessary for the ownership
or operation of any of their Real Properties, facilities or business; and, in each case to the extent required by any Environmental Law,
conduct any investigation, remedial or other corrective action to the extent required by any Environmental Law to address Hazardous Materials
at any of their Real Properties or facilities, or any other location, in accordance with such Environmental Law.

(b)Within
thirty (30) days of the occurrence of any Event of Default, if requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, provide
the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent with an environmental site assessment, by an environmental consultant reasonably acceptable
to such Agents, of each of the Mortgaged Properties, identifying the presence or likely presence of Hazardous Materials on such properties
and the potential costs of all actions required by Environmental Law to address such materials.

Section 6.13[Reserved].

Section 6.14Further
Assurances. Promptly upon reasonable request by the Administrative Agent (a) correct
any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document
or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file,
re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of the Collateral Documents, to the
extent required pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement. If the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent reasonably
determines that it is required by applicable Law to have appraisals prepared in respect of the Real Property of any Loan Party subject
to a mortgage constituting Collateral, the Lead Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent appraisals that satisfy the applicable
requirements of the Real Estate Appraisal Reform Amendments of FIRREA.

Section 6.15Designation
of Subsidiaries. The Lead Borrower may at any time after the Closing Date designate any
Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower (other than the Co-Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as
a Restricted Subsidiary); provided that (a) immediately before and after such designation, no Default or Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing, (b) immediately after giving effect to such designation, (i) the Lead Borrower could
incur $1.00 of Permitted Ratio Debt or (ii) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio would be no less than the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
immediately prior to giving effect to such designation, (iii) no Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it
is a Restricted Subsidiary for the purpose of the Senior Notes, any Junior Financing, any Incremental Equivalent Debt,
any Refinancing Equivalent Debt, any Permitted Ratio Debt or any Permitted Refinancing of any of the foregoing and (iv) no Restricted
Subsidiary may be designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it was previously designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary. The designation of
any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date shall constitute an Investment by the Lead Borrower therein at the
date of designation in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Lead Borrowers (as applicable) investment therein. The
designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute (i) the incurrence at the time of designation
of any Investment, Indebtedness or Liens of such Subsidiary existing at such time and (ii) a Return on any Investment by the
Lead Borrower in Unrestricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the preceding sentence in an amount equal to the fair market value at the date
of such designation of the Borrowers (as applicable) Investment in such Subsidiary.

(169) 

Section 6.16Corporate
Rating. The Lead Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts (i) to cause Topco
to maintain a corporate credit rating (but not any specific rating) from S&P and a corporate family rating (but not any specific
rating) from Moodys, in each case with respect to Topco and (ii) to maintain a rating (but not any specific rating) from
S&P and Moodys with respect to the Term B Loans.

Section 6.17Use
of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of any Borrowing on the Closing Date, whether directly or
indirectly, in a manner consistent with the uses set forth in the preliminary statements to this Agreement, and after the Closing Date,
use the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit for any purpose not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement, including, for general
corporate purposes, working capital needs, the repayment of Indebtedness, the making of Restricted Payments and the making of Investments;
provided that the proceeds of the Loans will not be applied towards the discharge or reduction of any liability incurred in connection
with the acquisition of a Restricted Subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong. The Borrowers shall use the proceeds of the 2018 Refinancing
Term Loans to repay the Existing Term Loans (as defined in the 2018 Refinancing Amendment), together with the accrued and unpaid interest
thereon, and the payment of fees and expenses in connection therewith. The Borrowers shall use the proceeds of the 2021 Incremental Term
Loans to directly or indirectly finance a portion of the Arkema Acquisition and the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the
Arkema Acquisition and the 2021 Incremental Amendment and transactions in connection therewith. The Borrowers shall use the 2021 Refinancing
Revolving Credit Loan Commitments (i) to refinance the Existing Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined in the 2021 Refinancing
Revolver Amendment), to repay outstanding Existing Revolving Credit Loans (as defined in the 2021 Refinancing Revolver Amendment), together
with the accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and to fees and expenses in connection therewith and (ii) to make Borrowings for the
purposes described above in the first instance of this Section 6.17. The Lead Borrower shall use the proceeds of the 2023 Refinancing
Term Loans, together with cash on hand, to refinance the 2018 Refinancing Term Loans, together with the accrued and unpaid interest thereon,
and the payment of fees and expenses in connection therewith. The Lead Borrower shall use the proceeds of the 2023 Incremental Term Loans,
together with cash on hand, to redeem $385,000,000 of the principal amount of the outstanding Senior2025
Notes issued under the Senior2025
Note Indenture on or prior to September 8, 2023. The Lead Borrower
shall use the proceeds of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A), together with cash on hand, to redeem all outstanding 2025 Notes
issued under the 2025 Notes Indenture. The Lead Borrower shall use the proceeds of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B) acquire
the 2029 Notes held by the 2025 Incremental Term Loan Lender immediately following the Exchange Offer.

Section 6.18Post-Closing
Actions. Complete each of the actions described on Schedule 6.18 as soon as commercially
reasonable and by no later than the date set forth in Schedule 6.18 with respect to such action or such later date as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably agree.

(170) 

Section 6.19Compliance
with Anti-Corruption Laws. The Lead
Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to: (a) conduct its business in a manner expected to maintain compliance
with Anti-Corruption Laws, and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws; and (b) not
authorize the use of the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly, in any manner which
would violate Anti-Corruption Laws in any material respect.

Article VII

Negative
Covenants

So long as any Lender shall
have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations as
to which no claim has been asserted, (ii) obligations under Treasury Services Agreements and (iii) obligations under Secured
Hedge Agreements) which is accrued and payable shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (unless
the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations related thereto has been Cash Collateralized or a backstop letter of credit reasonably
satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer is in place), then from and after the Closing Date:

Section 7.01Liens.
The Lead Borrower will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer
to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following:

(a)Liens
pursuant to any Loan Document;

(b)Liens
existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.01(b) and any modifications, replacements, renewals, refinancings or
extensions thereof; provided that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property other than after-acquired property
that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien and proceeds and products thereof, and (ii) the replacement,
renewal, refinancing or extension of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens, to the extent constituting Indebtedness, is
permitted by Section 7.03;

(c) Liens
for taxes, assessments or governmental charges that are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or that are being contested in
good faith and by appropriate actions, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person
in accordance with GAAP or equivalent accounting principles in the relevant jurisdiction;

(d)statutory
or common law Liens of landlords, sublandlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, repairmen, construction contractors or
other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and (x) which do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value
of any of the Lead Borrowers or such Restricted Subsidiarys property or assets taken as a whole or materially impair the
operation of the business of the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary taken as a whole or (y) which are being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets
subject to any such Lien;

(e)(i) pledges
or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, health, disability or employee benefits,
unemployment insurance and other social security laws or similar legislation or regulation or other insurance-related obligations (including
in respect of deductibles, self-insured retention amounts and premiums and adjustments thereto), (ii) part-time worker arrangements
in accordance with the German Old-Age Employees Part Time Act (Altersteilzeitgesetz) or pursuant to section 7d of book IV
of the German Social Act (Sozialgesetzbuch) and (iii) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability
for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the
benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;

(171) 

(f)deposits
to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), statutory
obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure
health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(g)(i) easements,
rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions), encroachments, protrusions, matters which would be disclosed by an accurate
survey or inspection of any Real Property and other, similar encumbrances and minor title defects affecting Real Property that do not
in the aggregate materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, and any exceptions on the Mortgage Policies issued in connection with the Mortgaged Properties or (ii) easements,
rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions) or encroachments that are reserved for the benefit of The Dow Chemical Company
on any leased Real Property;

(h)[reserved];Liens
securing Obligations under, and as defined in, the Superpriority Credit Agreement; provided that such Liens are subject to the 2025 Intercreditor
Agreement;

(i)Liens
securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h);

(j)leases,
licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not (i) interfere in any material
respect with the business of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, taken as a whole or (ii) secure any Indebtedness;

(k)Liens
(i) in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of Law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with
the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business or (ii) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds
of any Person securing such Persons obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit issued or created
for the account of such person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods in the ordinary course
of business;

(l)Liens
(i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of collection, (ii) attaching
to commodity trading accounts or other commodities brokerage accounts and (iii) in favor of a banking or other financial institution
arising as a matter of Law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial
institution (including any netting, the right of set-off and any liens arising under the general business conditions of a credit institution
with which the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries maintains a banking relationship in Germany or The Netherlands) and
that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institutions general
terms and conditions;

(m)Liens
on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.06
or, to the extent related to any of the foregoing, to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment, or consisting of an
agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 7.05, in each case, solely to the extent such
Investment or Disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien;

(172) 

(n)Liens
attaching solely to cash earnest money deposits in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted hereunder;

(o)Liens
deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase agreements permitted under Section 7.06;

(p)Liens
encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other
brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;

(q)Liens
that are contractual rights of setoff or rights of pledge (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks or
other financial institutions not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness or (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep
accounts of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred
in the ordinary course of business of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;

(r)ground
leases in respect of Real Property on which facilities owned or leased by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries are
located;

(s)Liens
(i) in favor of the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary on assets of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party securing
Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(b) and (ii) in favor of the Lead Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor;

(t)any
interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor or sublicensor under leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses entered into by the
Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;

(u)Liens
arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale of goods entered into by the Lead Borrower
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business permitted by this Agreement;

(v)Liens
to secure Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(e); provided that (i) such Liens are created within 270 days
of the acquisition, construction, repair, lease, replacement or improvement of the property subject to such Liens, (ii) such Liens
do not at any time encumber property (except for replacements, additions and accessions to such property) other than the property financed
by such Indebtedness and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits and (iii) with respect to Capitalized
Leases, such Liens do not at any time extend to or cover any assets (except for replacements, additions and accessions to such assets)
other than the assets subject to such Capitalized Leases and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits; provided
that individual financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross collateralized to other financings of equipment provided
by such lender;

(w)Liens
on property of any Non-Loan Party, which Liens secure Indebtedness of the applicable Non-Loan Party permitted under Section 7.03
or other obligations of any Non-Loan Party not constituting Indebtedness;

(173) 

(x)Liens
existing on property at the time of the acquisition thereof or existing on the property of any Person at the time such Person becomes
a Restricted Subsidiary (other than by designation as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.15), in each case after
the Closing Date (including Capital Leases as provided for in the last paragraph of Section 7.03) (other than Liens on the
Equity Interests of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary); provided that (i) such Lien was not created in contemplation
of such acquisition or such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien does not extend to or cover any other assets
or property (other than the proceeds or products thereof and other than after-acquired property subjected to a Lien securing Indebtedness
and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other obligations are permitted hereunder that require,
pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of after-acquired property, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted
to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition or such Person becoming a Restricted
Subsidiary);

(y)(i) zoning,
building, entitlement and other land use regulations by Governmental Authorities with which the normal operation of the business complies,
and (ii) any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of
any real property that does not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

(z)Liens
arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statement or similar filings;

(aa)Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the
premiums with respect thereto;

(bb) [Reservedreserved];

(cc) Liens
on Securitization Assets purported to be sold or otherwise transferred in connection with a Permitted Securitization or Liens over bank
accounts of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, so long as such bank accounts do not receive or hold funds of a Loan Party or
any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case which may be required as part of a Permitted Securitization;

(dd) Liens
on the Collateral securing obligations in respect of Incremental Equivalent Debt or Refinancing Equivalent Debt and, in either case,
any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

(ee)The
modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Lien permitted by clauses (v) and (x) of this Section 7.01;
provided that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property, other than (A) after acquired property that is
affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien and (B) proceeds and products thereof, and (ii) their modification,
renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens is permitted by Section 7.03 (to
the extent constituting Indebtedness);

(ff)other
Liens with respect to property or assets of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries securing obligations in an aggregate
principal amount outstanding at any time not to exceed the greater of $60,000,000 and 2.0% of Total Assets, in each case determined as
of the date of incurrence; and

(gg)Liens
on assets of the Super HoldCo Foreign Guarantors securing Super HoldCo Obligations; and

(174) 

(hh) (gg)
Liens securing obligations in respect of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant
to Section 7.03(v); provided,
that (i) after giving Pro Forma Effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness (and any Specified Transactions consummated in connection
therewith), (x) if such Liens are not expressly junior in right of security with the Obligations under Term Loans and Revolving
Credit Loans that are secured on a first lien basis, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio shall be no greater than 2.00:1.00 and such Liens
shall be subject to the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or another lien subordination and intercreditor arrangement satisfactory to
the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent or (y) if such Liens are expressly junior in right of security with the Liens securing
the Obligations under Term Loans and Revolving Credit Loans that are secured on a first lien basis, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio shall
be no greater than 2.00:1.00, and such Liens shall be subject to the Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement or another lien subordination
and intercreditor arrangement reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
neither the Lead Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall grant a Lien on any Designated Real Property, other than any Lien
deemed to exist by virtue of the respective landlords ownership interest in such Designated Real Property.

The expansion of Liens by
virtue of accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the payment of interest or dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness,
amortization of original issue discount and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in
the exchange rate of currencies will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Liens for purposes of this Section 7.01.

Section 7.02[Reserved].

Section 7.03Indebtedness.
Neither the Lead Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist
any Indebtedness, except:

(a)Indebtedness
of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents;

(b)Indebtedness
outstanding on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.03(b) and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

(c)Guarantees
by the Lead Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary otherwise
permitted hereunder; provided that (A) no Guarantee of any Junior Financing shall be permitted unless such guaranteeing party
shall have also provided a Guarantee of the Obligations on the terms set forth herein and (B) if the Indebtedness being Guaranteed
is subordinated to the Obligations, such Guarantee shall be subordinated to the Guarantee of the Obligations on terms at least as favorable
to the Lenders as those contained in the subordination arrangements with respect to such Indebtedness;

(d)Indebtedness
of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owing to any Loan Party or any other Restricted Subsidiary (or issued or transferred
to any direct or indirect parent of a Loan Party which is substantially contemporaneously transferred to a Loan Party or any Restricted
Subsidiary of a Loan Party) to the extent constituting a Permitted Investment or an Investment permitted by Section 7.06;
provided that all such Indebtedness shall be evidenced by the Global Intercompany Note (which, in the case of Indebtedness of
any Loan Party owed to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, be unsecured and subordinated to the Obligations in a manner
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders);

(e)(i) Attributable
Indebtedness and other Indebtedness (including Capitalized Leases) financing an acquisition, construction, repair, replacement, lease
or improvement of a fixed or capital asset incurred by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary prior to or within 270 days after
the acquisition, lease, construction, repair, replacement, or improvement of the applicable asset in an aggregate outstanding principal
amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the greater of $80,000,000 and 3.5% of Total Assets, in each case determined at the time
of incurrence, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof and (ii) Attributable Indebtedness arising out of sale-leaseback transactions
permitted by Section 7.05 and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

(175) 

(f)Indebtedness
in respect of Swap Contracts designed to hedge against the Lead Borrowers or any Restricted Subsidiarys exposure to interest
rates, foreign exchange rates or commodities pricing risks incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;

(g)Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (i) assumed in connection
with any Permitted Acquisition (provided, that such Indebtedness is not incurred in contemplation of such Permitted
Acquisition) and any Permitted Refinancing thereof or (ii) incurred to finance a Permitted Acquisition, and any Permitted
Refinancing thereof; provided that,

(x)in
the case of any Indebtedness incurred or assumed under clauses (g)(i) or (g)(ii) above, both immediately prior and after
giving Pro Forma Effect thereto, (1) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, is at least 2.00:1.00, (2) the
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, would not be lower than immediately prior thereto, (3) the Total Net
Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, is no greater than the Total Net Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, as
of the Closing Date or (4) the Total Net Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, would not be greater than immediately
prior thereto and

(y)in
the case of any Indebtedness incurred under clause (g)(ii) above, any such Indebtedness (1) matures after the Maturity
Date, (2) has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term B Loans,
(3) may not participate on a greater than pro-rata basis with respect to the Term B Loans in any mandatory prepayment and (4) of
Non-Loan Parties does not, when added to the aggregate amount of all other Indebtedness incurred by Non-Loan Parties pursuant to clause
(g)(ii) above and outstanding at such time, exceed in the aggregate at any time outstanding, together with all Indebtedness incurred
by Non-Loan Parties pursuant to Section 7.03(v) and outstanding at such time, the greater of $135,000,000 and 5.0% of
Total Assets, in each case determined at the time of incurrence;

(h)Indebtedness
representing deferred compensation to employees of the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course
of business or Indebtedness in relation to any part-time worker arrangements in accordance with the German Old-Age Employees Part Time
Act (Altersteilzeitgesetz) or pursuant to section 7d of book IV of the German Social Act (Sozialgesetzbuch);

(i)Indebtedness to current or former officers, managers, consultants, directors and employees,
their respective estates, spouses or former spouses to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower
or any Parent permitted by Section 7.06;

(j)Indebtedness
incurred by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition, any other Investment or any Disposition
expressly permitted hereunder, in each case, constituting indemnification obligations or obligations in respect of purchase price (including
earnouts) or other similar adjustments, or deferred compensation or other similar arrangements;

(176) 

(k)Cash
Management Obligations and other Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and similar arrangements in each
case in connection with deposit accounts;

(l)Indebtedness
consisting of (a) the financing of insurance premiums or (b) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each
case, in the ordinary course of business;

(m)Indebtedness
incurred by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the form of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers
acceptances or similar instruments issued or created in the ordinary course of business, including in respect of workers compensation
claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness
with respect to reimbursement type obligations regarding workers compensation claims;

(n)obligations
in respect of performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and performance and completion guarantees and similar obligations provided by
the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or obligations in the form of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments
related thereto, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice;

(o)the
Senior Notes and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

(p)Indebtedness
supported by a Letter of Credit in a principal amount not to exceed the face amount of such Letter of Credit;

(q)to the extent constituting Indebtedness, obligations of the Lead Borrower or any
Restricted Subsidiary which is the seller or servicer (or any obligation of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in
respect of a seller or servicer) in a Permitted Securitization in respect of any Standard Securitization Undertakings as to such
Permitted Securitization and Guarantees of the Lead Borrower or any other Loan Party as to such Indebtedness;

(r)Indebtedness of a Non-Loan Party which, when aggregated with the principal amount of all other
Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (r) and then outstanding, does not exceed an aggregate principal amount
equal to the greater of (x) $125,000,000 and (y) 5.25% of Total Assets, in each case determined at the time of incurrence,
and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

(s)Indebtedness
which, when aggregated with the principal amount of all other Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (s) and then outstanding,
does not exceed the greater of $140,000,000 and 5.25% of Total Assets, in each case determined at the time of incurrence, and any Permitted
Refinancing thereof;

(t)Incremental
Equivalent Debt and Refinancing Equivalent Debt and, in either case, any Permitted Refinancing thereof;

(u)(i) any
joint and several liability arising as a result of (the establishment of) a fiscal unity (fiscale eenheid) between Restricted
Subsidiaries incorporated in The Netherlands; and (ii) a guarantee granted pursuant to a declaration of joint and several liability
use for the purpose of Section 2:403 of the Dutch Civil Code (and any residual liability under such declaration arising pursuant
to Section 2:404(2) of the Dutch Civil Code) in respect of Restricted Subsidiaries;

(177) 

(v)Permitted
Ratio Debt;

(w)Indebtedness
of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (and any Permitted Refinancing thereof) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed
the amount of the net cash proceeds received by the Lead Borrower after the Closing Date from the issuance or sale of Equity Interests
of the Lead Borrower or cash contributed to the capital of the Lead Borrower (in each case, other than proceeds of Disqualified Equity
Interests, or sales
of Equity Interests to the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or proceeds which have been designated
as a Cure Amount) as determined in accordance with clauses (b) and (c) of the definition of Cumulative
Credit to the extent such net cash proceeds have not been applied to make Restricted Payments pursuant to Section 7.06
or to prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or satisfy Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.13, so long as (i) such Indebtedness
is incurred within one year following the receipt by the Lead Borrower of such net cash proceeds and (ii) such Indebtedness is designated
as Contribution Indebtedness on the date incurred;

(x)unsecured Indebtedness in respect of obligations of the Lead Borrower
or any Restricted Subsidiary to pay the deferred purchase price of goods or services or progress payments in connection with such
goods and services; provided that such obligations are incurred in connection with open accounts extended by suppliers on
customary trade terms in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing of money; and

(y)all
Obligations under, and as defined in, the Superpriority Credit Agreement; provided that the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding
under, and as defined in, the Superpriority Credit Agreement shall not at any time exceed $350,000,000;

(z)Indebtedness
arising out of, or in connection with, Cash Management Practices, provided that any such Indebtedness owed by Loan Parties to Restricted
Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties shall be subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to a subordination agreement and related documentation
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders;

(aa)[reserved];

(bb)Guarantees
of Super HoldCo Obligations by the Super HoldCo Foreign Guarantors; and

(cc) (y) all
premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations
described in clauses (a) through (x)(bb)
above.

For purposes of determining compliance
with Section 7.03, in the event that an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) at any time, whether at the time of
incurrence or upon the application of all or a portion of the proceeds thereof or subsequently, meets the criteria of more than one of
the categories of permitted Indebtedness described in Section 7.03(a) through (y) above, the Lead Borrower,
in its sole discretion, will classify and may subsequently reclassify such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) in any one or
more of the types of Indebtedness described in Section 7.03(a) through (y) and will only be required to
include the amount and type of such Indebtedness in such of the above clauses as determined by the Lead Borrower at such time. The Lead
Borrower will be entitled to divide and classify an item of Indebtedness in more than one of the types of Indebtedness described in Section 7.03(a) through
(y) so long as such Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) is permitted to be incurred pursuant to such provision at the time
of reclassification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness incurred (a) under the Loan Documents, any Incremental Commitments,
any Incremental Loans, any Refinancing Commitments and any Refinancing Loans shall only be classified as incurred under Section 7.03(a),
(b) as Refinancing Equivalent Debt or Incremental Equivalent Debt and, in either case, any Permitted Refinancing thereof shall only
be classified as incurred under Section 7.03(t) and (c) under the Senior Notes and any Permitted Refinancing thereof
shall only be classified as incurred under Section 7.03(o).

(178) 

For purposes of determining
compliance with any Dollar-denominated restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the Dollar-equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness
denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness
was incurred, in the case of term debt, or first committed, in the case of revolving credit debt; provided that if such Indebtedness
is incurred to extend, replace, refund, refinance, renew or defease other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such extension,
replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if
calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such extension, replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal
or defeasance, such Dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such
refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being extended, replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed
or defeased, plus the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums (including tender premiums) and other costs and
expenses (including OID) incurred in connection with such refinancing.

The accrual of interest,
the accretion of accreted value and the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness shall not be deemed to be an incurrence
of Indebtedness for purposes of this Section 7.03. The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other
discount security constituting Indebtedness at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet
of the Lead Borrower dated such date prepared in accordance with
GAAP.

Section 7.04Fundamental
Changes. Neither the Lead Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall merge, amalgamate,
dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions)
all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except that:

(a)any
Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower (other than the Co-Borrower) may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with (i) the Lead Borrower
(including a merger, the purpose of which is to reorganize the Lead Borrower into a new jurisdiction); provided that the Lead
Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (ii) one or more other Restricted Subsidiaries of the Lead Borrower (other
than the Co-Borrower); provided that when any Person that is a Loan Party is merging with a Restricted Subsidiary, a Loan Party
shall be the continuing or surviving Person unless the resulting Investment made in connection with a Loan Party merging with a Non-Loan
Party shall otherwise be a Restricted Investment permitted by Section 7.06 (other than Section 7.06(d)) or a
Permitted Investment;

(b)(i) any
Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with or into any other Restricted Subsidiary that
is not a Loan Party and (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve or change its legal form if the Lead Borrower determines
in good faith that such action is in the best interest of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and if not materially disadvantageous
to the Lenders (it being understood that in the case of any change in legal form, a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor will remain
a Guarantor unless such Guarantor is otherwise permitted to cease being a Guarantor hereunder);

(179) 

(c)any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Co-Borrower) may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation
or otherwise) to the Lead Borrower or to another Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Co-Borrower); provided that if the transferor
in such a transaction is a Guarantor, then (i) the transferee must be a Guarantor or the Lead Borrower or (ii) to the extent
constituting an Investment, such Investment must be a permitted Investment in a Restricted Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party permitted
by Section 7.06 (other than Section 7.06(d)) or a Permitted Investment;

(d)any
Restricted Subsidiary may merge or amalgamate with any other Person in order to effect a Restricted Investment permitted pursuant to
Section 7.06 (other than Section 7.06(d)) or a Permitted Investment; provided that the continuing or surviving
Person shall be a Restricted Subsidiary or the Lead Borrower;

(e)so
long as no Default exists or would result therefrom, the Lead Borrower may merge with any other Person; provided that (i) the
Lead Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation or (ii) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger or consolidation
is not the Lead Borrower (any such Person, the Successor Company), (A) the Successor Company shall expressly assume
all the obligations of the Lead Borrower under this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents to which the Lead Borrower is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto or thereto in form reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent, (B) each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger or consolidation, shall have confirmed
that its Guarantee shall apply to the Successor Companys obligations under the Loan Documents, (C) each Guarantor, unless
it is the other party to such merger or consolidation, shall have by a supplement to each applicable Collateral Document confirmed that
its obligations thereunder shall apply to the Successor Companys obligations under the Loan Documents, (D) if reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent, each mortgagor of a Mortgaged Property, unless it is the other party to such merger or consolidation,
shall have by an amendment to or restatement of the applicable Mortgage (or other instrument reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent) confirmed that its obligations thereunder shall apply to the Successor Companys obligations under the Loan Documents and
(E) the Lead Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an Officers Certificate of the Lead Borrower stating
that such merger or consolidation and such supplement to this Agreement or any Collateral Document comply with this Agreement; provided,
further, that if the foregoing are satisfied, the Successor Company will succeed to, and be substituted for, the Lead Borrower
under this Agreement;

(f)the
Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries may consummate the Transactions;

(g)any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Co-Borrower) may effect a merger, amalgamation, dissolution, liquidation, consolidation or Disposition,
the purpose of which is to effect a Disposition permitted pursuant to Section 7.05; and

(h)the
Loan Parties may consummate the LuxcoLuxCo
Merger Transactions.;
and

(i)the
Luxembourg Loan Parties may undertake a Permitted Relocation.

(180) 

Section 7.05Dispositions.
Neither the Lead Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, make any Disposition or enter into any
agreement to make any Disposition, except:

(a)(x) Dispositions
of obsolete, worn out, used or surplus property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business and Dispositions
of property no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Borrowers or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries and (y) Dispositions
to landlords of improvements made to leased real property pursuant to customary terms of leases entered into in the ordinary course of
business;

(b)Dispositions
of inventory, goods held for sale in the ordinary course of business and immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business (including
allowing any issuances, registrations or any applications for registration of any intellectual property to lapse or become abandoned
in the ordinary course of business);

(c)Dispositions
of property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property
or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property;

(d)Dispositions
of property to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party
(i) the transferee thereof must be a Loan Party or (ii) if such transaction constitutes an Investment, such Investment must
be a Restricted Investment permitted by Section 7.06 or a Permitted Investment;

(e)Dispositions
that are permitted by Section 7.04 (other than Section 7.04(g)) or otherwise constitute a Restricted Payment
permitted by Section 7.06 or a Permitted Investment (other than a Permitted Investment pursuant to clause (d) or
(y) of the definition thereof) and Liens permitted by Section 7.01 (other than Section 7.01(m));

(f)Dispositions of cash and Cash Equivalents;

(g)(i) leases,
subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software or the licensing of other intellectual property rights) and termination
thereof, in each case in the ordinary course of business and which do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrowers and
the Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole and,
(ii) the Aristech and Altuglas License Agreements and (iii) Dispositions
of intellectual property that are not material to the business of the Borrowers and the Restricted Subsidiaries;

(h)transfers
of property subject to Casualty Events;

(i)Dispositions or discounts without recourse of accounts receivable in connection with the
compromise or collection thereof in the ordinary course of business;

(j)Dispositions of property pursuant to sale-leaseback transactions; provided that the fair
market value of all property so Disposed of after the Closing Date shall not exceed the greater of $60,000,000 and 2.50% of Total
Assets, as determined at the time of such Disposition;

(k)any
sale of Equity Interests in, or Indebtedness or other securities of, an Unrestricted Subsidiary;

(181) 

(l)so long as the Lead Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary receives at least fair market value
therefor (taking into account any Securitization Sellers Retained Interest), any sale of Securitization Assets in connection
with a Permitted Securitization;

(m)Dispositions
which may not be prohibited pursuant to section 1136 of the German Civil Code;

(n)Dispositions
of property; provided that (i) at the time of such Disposition no Event of Default shall exist or would result from such
Disposition (other than, except in the case of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), any such Disposition made pursuant
to a legally binding commitment entered into at a time when no Event of Default exists) and (ii) with respect to any Disposition
pursuant to this clause (n) for a purchase price equal to or greater than the greater of $20,000,000 and 0.75% of Total Assets (as
determined at the time of such Disposition), the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall receive not less than 75%
of such consideration in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents (in each case, free and clear of all Liens at the time received, other
than nonconsensual Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and Liens permitted by Section 7.01(a), Section 7.01(b),
clauses (ii) and (iii) of Section 7.01(l), Section 7.01(p), Section 7.01(q), Section 7.01(s),
Section 7.01(w), Section 7.01(x), Section 7.01(dd), Section 7.01(ee), Section 7.01(ff)
(solely to the extent the Obligations under the Term Loans and Revolving Credit Loans that are secured on a first lien basis shall
be secured on a pari passu or senior basis with such Liens), and Section 7.01(gg)Section 7.01(hh));
provided, however, that for the purposes of this clause (n)(ii), the following shall be deemed to be cash: (A) any
liabilities (as shown on the Lead Borrowers most recent balance sheet provided hereunder or in the footnotes thereto) of the Lead
Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the payment in cash of the Obligations,
that (x) are assumed by the transferee with respect to the applicable Disposition or (y) are otherwise cancelled or terminated
in connection with the transaction with such transferee (other than intercompany debt owed to the Lead Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries)
and, in each case, for which the Lead Borrower and all of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have been validly released by all applicable
creditors in writing, (B) any securities, notes or other obligations or assets received by the Lead Borrower or the applicable Restricted
Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents (to
the extent of the cash or Cash Equivalents received) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Disposition and (C) aggregate
non-cash consideration received by the Lead Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary having an aggregate fair market value (determined
as of the closing of the applicable Disposition for which such non-cash consideration is received) not to exceed the greater of $100,000,000
and 4.25% of Total Assets, as determined at the time of such Disposition (net of any non-cash consideration converted into cash and Cash
Equivalents);

(o)any
swap of assets in exchange for services or other assets in the ordinary course of business of comparable or greater value or usefulness
to the business of the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries as a whole, as determined in good faith by the management of the Lead Borrower;

(p)Dispositions
of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to customary buy/sell arrangements between, the joint venture
parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements;

(q)the
Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into any
agreement to make any Disposition so long as consummation of the Disposition contemplated by such agreement is contingent upon either
(i) the Required Lenders consenting to such transactions or (ii) the repayment in full of the Obligations (other than (i) obligations
arising under Secured Hedge Agreements or Treasury Services Agreements and (ii) indemnities and other contingent liabilities that
survive repayment of the Loans);

(182) 

(r)the unwinding of any Swap Contracts pursuant to its terms;

(s)the
dissolution or liquidation of any Subsidiary with no assets; and

(t)sales
of non-core assets acquired after the Closing Date in connection with Permitted Acquisitions, Restricted Investments permitted under
Section 7.06 (other than Section 7.06(d)) or Permitted Investments, in each case to the extent such sales occur
within 180 days of such Permitted Acquisition or Investment; provided that the aggregate amount of such sales shall not exceed
25% of the fair market value of the acquired entity or business;

(u)Dispositions
in the aggregate pursuant to this clause (u) not to exceed the greater of $20,000,000 and 0.75% of Total Assets, as determined at
the time of such Disposition;

provided that any Disposition of any property
pursuant to Section 7.05(j), (n) or (u) shall be for no less than the fair market value of such property
at the time of such Disposition. To the extent any Collateral is Disposed of as expressly permitted by this Section 7.05
to any Person other than a Loan Party, such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents, and the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be authorized to take any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect
the foregoing.

Section 7.06Restricted
Payments. The Lead Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
to, declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except:

(a)each
Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to the Lead Borrower, and other Restricted Subsidiaries of the Lead Borrower (and,
in the case of a Restricted Payment by a non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary, to the Lead Borrower and any other Restricted Subsidiary
and to each other owner of Equity Interests of such Restricted Subsidiary based on their relative ownership interests of the relevant
class of Equity Interests);

(b)the
Lead Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary may declare and make dividend payments or other Restricted Payments payable solely in the
Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests not otherwise permitted by Section 7.03) of such Person;

(c)[Reserved];

(d)to
the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Lead Borrower (or any Parent) and its Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into and consummate
transactions expressly permitted by any provision of Section 7.04 or 7.08 (other than Section 7.08(f) or
7.08(l));

(e)repurchases
of Equity Interests in the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options
or warrants or the settlement or vesting of other equity-based awards if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price
of, or tax withholdings with respect to, such options, or warrants or other equity-based awards;

(183) 

(f)the
Lead Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary may (i) pay (or may make Restricted Payments to allow any Holdco or any Parent to pay)
for the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of Equity Interests or settlement of equity-based awards
of such Restricted Subsidiary (or of the Lead Borrower or any other such Parent) held by any future, present or former employee, officer,
director, manager or consultant (or any spouses, former spouses, successors, executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributes
of any of the foregoing) of such Restricted Subsidiary (or the Lead Borrower or any other Parent) or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) make
Restricted Payments in the form of distributions to allow any Holdco or any Parent to pay principal or interest on promissory notes that
were issued to any future, present or former employee, officer, director, manager or consultant (or any spouses, former spouses, successors,
executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributes of any of the foregoing) of such Restricted Subsidiary (or the Lead Borrower
or any Parent) in lieu of cash payments for the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of such Equity Interests
or equity-based awards held by such Persons, in each case, upon the death, disability, retirement or termination of employment or services,
as applicable, of any such Person or pursuant to any employee, manager or director equity plan, employee, manager or director stock option
plan or any other employee, manager or director benefit plan or any agreement (including any stock subscription agreement, shareholder
agreement or stockholders agreement) with any employee, director, officer or consultant of such Restricted Subsidiary (or the
Lead Borrower or any Parent) or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments
made pursuant to this clause (f) shall not exceed $30,000,000 in any calendar year; provided, further, that unused
amounts in any calendar year may be used in the next two succeeding years; provided, further, that such amount in any calendar
year may further be increased by an amount not to exceed:

(i)amounts
used to increase the Cumulative Credit pursuant to clauses (b) and (c) of the definition of Cumulative Credit;
and

(ii)the
Net Proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by the Lead Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries less the amount of Restricted
Payments previously made with the cash proceeds of such key man life insurance policies;

and provided further that that
cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from members of management of the Lead Borrower,
any of the Lead Borrowers Parents or any of the Lead Borrowers Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with a repurchase
of Equity Interests of any of the Lead Borrowers Parents will not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of
this covenant or any other provision of this Agreement;

(g)the
Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may make Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed (x) the greater
of $125,000,000 and 4.25% of Total Assets, as determined at the time of such Restricted Payment (less the amount of any prepayments,
redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments in respect of Junior Financings in reliance on the dollar amount set forth in
Section 7.13(a)(vi)) plus (y) the Cumulative Credit at such time (provided that with respect to any Restricted
Payment (other than a Restricted Investment) made out of amounts under clause (a) of the definition of Cumulative Credit
pursuant to this clause (y), no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and the Borrowers, immediately
after giving effect to such Restricted Payment on a Pro Forma Basis, could incur $1.00 of additional Permitted Ratio Debt);

(h)the
Lead Borrower may make Restricted Payments to any Parent;

(i)to
pay its operating costs and expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business and other corporate overhead costs and expenses (including
administrative, legal, accounting and similar expenses provided by third parties), which are reasonable and customary and incurred in
the ordinary course of business and attributable to the ownership or operations of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries,
Transaction Expenses and any reasonable and indemnification claims made by directors or officers of such Parent attributable to the ownership
or operations of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries;

(184) 

(ii)the
proceeds of which shall be used to pay (A) franchise taxes and other fees, taxes and expenses required to maintain its (or any of
its Parents) corporate existence or (B) costs and expenses (including Public Company Costs) incurred by such Parent in connection
with such Parent being a public company, including costs and expenses relating to ongoing compliance with federal and state securities
laws and regulations, SEC rules and regulations and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;

(iii)for
any taxable period in which the Lead Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries is a member of a consolidated, combined or similar income
or similar tax group of which a direct or indirect parent of Lead Borrower is the common parent (a Tax Group), to
pay federal, foreign, state and local income or similar taxes of such Tax Group that are attributable to the taxable income of the Lead
Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries; provided that, for each taxable period, the amount of such payments made in respect of such
taxable period in the aggregate shall not exceed the amount that the Lead Borrower and its Subsidiaries would have been required to pay
in respect of federal, foreign, state and local income taxes in the aggregate if such entities were corporations paying taxes separately
from any Tax Group at the highest combined applicable federal, foreign, state and local tax rate for such fiscal year (it being understood
and agreed that if the Lead Borrower or Subsidiary pays any such federal, foreign, state or local income taxes directly to such taxing
authority, that a Restricted Payment in duplication of such amount shall not be permitted to be made pursuant to this clause (iii));
provided further that the permitted payment pursuant to this clause (iii) with respect to any taxes of any Unrestricted
Subsidiary for any taxable period shall be limited to the amount actually paid by any Unrestricted Subsidiary to the Lead Borrower or
its Restricted Subsidiaries for the purposes of paying such consolidated, combined or similar Taxes for such taxable period or any previous
taxable period ending after the date hereof and not previously taken into account for purposes of calculating the limitation in this
proviso;

(iv)to
finance any Permitted Investments and other Investments that would be permitted to be made pursuant to this Section 7.06
and Section 7.08 made by the Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that (A) such Restricted
Payment shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment and (B) such Parent shall, immediately following
the closing thereof, cause (1) all property acquired (whether assets or Equity Interests) to be contributed to the Lead Borrower
or the Restricted Subsidiaries or (2) the merger (to the extent permitted in Section 7.04) of the Person formed or acquired
into the Lead Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries in order to consummate such Permitted Acquisition or Investment, in each case,
in accordance with the requirements of Section 6.11;

(v)the
proceeds of which (A) shall be used to pay salary, commissions, bonus and other benefits payable to and indemnities provided on
behalf of officers, employees, directors and members of management of any Holdco or any Parent and any payroll, social security or similar
taxes thereof to the extent such salaries, commissions, bonuses and other benefits are attributable to the ownership or operation of
the Lead Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries or (B) shall be used to make payments permitted under Section 7.08(g) and
(k) (but only to the extent such payments have not been and are not expected to be made by the Lead Borrower or a Restricted
Subsidiary); and

(185) 

(vi)the
proceeds of which shall be used by any Holdco to pay (or to make Restricted Payments to allow any Parent to pay) (A) fees and expenses
(other than to Affiliates) related to any unsuccessful equity or debt offering by any Holdco (or any Parent) that is directly attributable
to the operations of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (B) expenses and indemnities of the trustee with respect
to any debt offering by any Holdco (or any Parent);

(i)payments made or expected to be made by any Holdco, the Lead Borrower or any of the Restricted
Subsidiaries in respect of withholding or other payroll and other similar Taxes payable by or with respect to any future, present or
former employee, director, manager or consultant (or any spouses, former spouses, successors, executors, administrators, heirs,
legatees or distributes of any of the foregoing) and any repurchases of Equity Interests in consideration of such payments including
deemed repurchases in connection with the exercise of stock options or the vesting or settlement of other equity-based
awards;

(j)dividends on the common stock or common equity interests of the Lead Borrower or any
Parent in an aggregate amount per annum not to exceed an amount equal to 6% of the net proceeds received by (or contributed to) the
Lead Borrower from any Qualified IPO (including the Initial Public Offering);

(k)the
Lead Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries may pay cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional Equity Interests in connection
with any dividend, split or combination thereof or any Permitted Acquisitions; and

(l)additional Restricted Payments so long as immediately after giving effect to such Restricted
Payment, (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) the Total Net Leverage
Ratio calculated on a Pro Forma Basis is no greater than 2.00 to 1.00, and satisfaction of such test shall be evidenced by a
certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower demonstrating such satisfaction calculated in reasonable
detail.

Section 7.07Change
in Nature of Business. The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall the Lead Borrower permit any
of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, engage in any material line of business substantially different from those
lines of business conducted by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business reasonably related,
complementary, synergistic or ancillary thereto (including related, complementary, synergistic or ancillary technologies) or reasonable
extensions thereof.

Section 7.08Transactions
with Affiliates. Neither the Lead Borrower shall, nor shall the Lead Borrower permit any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Lead Borrower
involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of $5,000,000 for any individual transaction or series of related transactions,
whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than:

(a)transactions
among any Holdco, the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of
such transactions that are not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement;

(b)on
terms substantially as favorable to the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Lead Borrower or such
Restricted Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arms-length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate;

(186) 

(c)the
Transactions and the payment of fees and expenses (including Transaction Expenses) as part of or in connection with the Transactions;

(d)Restricted
Payments permitted under Section 7.06 and Permitted Investments other than Permitted Investments under clauses (a)(ii),
(b) and (u) of the definition thereof;

(e)loans
and other transactions by the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent expressly permitted under this Article VII;

(f)employment, consulting, and severance and other service or benefit-related arrangements between
the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees in the ordinary course of business and
transactions pursuant to stock option plans and other equity award and employee benefit plans and arrangements in the ordinary
course of business;

(g)the
payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, directors, officers, employees
and consultants of the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (or any Parent) in the ordinary course of business;

(h)transactions
pursuant to agreements in existence on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.08 (to the extent not otherwise permitted
by this Agreement) or any amendment thereto to the extent such an amendment is not adverse to the Lenders in any material respect;

(i)the issuance or transfer of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of the
Lead Borrower to any former, current or future director, manager, officer, employee or consultant (or any Affiliate of any of the
foregoing) of the Lead Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent;

(j)transactions related to Permitted Securitizations;

(k)[reserved]transactions
related to Cash Management Practices;

(l)any
transaction with any Holdco, a Restricted Subsidiary or joint venture partners, in each case in compliance with the terms of this
Agreement that are on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time in an arms length
transaction from an unaffiliated party in the reasonable determination of the board of directors of the Lead Borrower;

(m)transactions
with customers, clients, joint venture partners, suppliers or purchasers or sellers of goods or services, in each case in the ordinary
course of business and otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement that are fair to the Lead Borrower and the Restricted
Subsidiaries, in the reasonable determination of the board of directors or the senior management of the Lead Borrower, or are on terms
at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party; and

(n)transactions
among Aristech and/or Altuglas, on the one hand, and Holdco, the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, on the other hand, in
the ordinary course of business; and

(o)(n) transactions
in which the Lead Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, deliver to the Administrative Agent a letter from
an Independent Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Lead Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial
point of view or meets the requirements of clause (b) of this Section 7.08.

(187) 

Section 7.09Burdensome
Agreements. The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall the Lead Borrower permit any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to, enter into or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document) that
limits the ability of (a) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower to make Restricted Payments to the Lead Borrower or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries or (b) any Loan Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person
for the benefit of the Lenders with respect to the Facilities and the Obligations or under the Loan Documents; provided that the
foregoing clauses (a) and (b) shall not apply to Contractual Obligations which:

(a)(x) exist
on the Closing Date and (to the extent not otherwise permitted by this Section 7.09) are listed on Schedule 7.09 hereto
and (y) to the extent Contractual Obligations permitted by preceding clause (x) are set forth in an agreement evidencing
Indebtedness, are set forth in any agreement evidencing any permitted modification, replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing of
such Indebtedness so long as such modification, replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing does not expand the scope of such Contractual
Obligations;

(b)are
binding on a Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary first becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower,
so long as such Contractual Obligations were not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the
Lead Borrower;

(c)represent
Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower which is not a Loan Party which is permitted by Section 7.03;

(d)arise
in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 and relate solely to the assets or Person subject
to such Disposition;

(e)are
customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures constituting Permitted Investments
or otherwise permitted under Section 7.06 and applicable solely to such joint venture;

(f)are
negative pledges and restrictions on Liens in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 but solely
to the extent any negative pledge relates to the property financed by such Indebtedness;

(g)are
customary restrictions on leases, subleases, licenses or asset sale agreements otherwise permitted hereby so long as such restrictions
relate to the assets subject thereto;

(h)comprise
restrictions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(e) or (g) (in
each case to the extent that such restrictions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness or to the Restricted Subsidiaries
incurring or guaranteeing such Indebtedness);

(i)are customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease governing a
leasehold interest of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries;

(j)are customary provisions restricting assignment or transfer of any agreement entered
into in the ordinary course of business;

(k)are
restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed by customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(l)arise
in connection with cash or other deposits permitted under Sections 7.01 and the definition of Permitted Investments and
limited to such cash or deposit;

(188) 

(m)comprise
restrictions imposed by any agreement evidencing any Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 to the extent that such restrictions
(taken as a whole) are, in the good faith judgment of the Lead Borrower, no more onerous to Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
than customary market terms for Indebtedness of such type and in any event are no more onerous to Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
than those restrictions contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; and

(n)any
amendments, modifications, restatements or renewals of the agreements, contracts or instruments referred to in clause (a) through
(m) above, provided that such amendments, modifications, restatements or renewals, taken as a whole, are not materially more
restrictive with respect to such encumbrances or restrictions than those contained in such predecessor agreements, contracts or instruments.

Section 7.10[Reserved].

Section 7.11Financial
Covenant[Reserved]

. The Lead Borrower shall
not permit the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio on the last day of any fiscal quarter to be greater than 3.50:1.00 (the Financial
Covenant) if, as of such date, the aggregate Dollar Amount of Swing Line Loans, Revolving Credit Loans and
L/C Obligations (excluding L/C Obligations relating to (x) Letters of Credit that have been Cash Collateralized in a manner reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (y) Letters of Credit having an aggregate undrawn Dollar Amount not greater than $10,000,000)
outstanding on such date is greater than 30.00% of the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments of all Revolving Credit Lenders. The provisions
of this Section 7.11 are for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders only and the Required Revolving Credit Lenders may amend,
waive or otherwise modify this Section 7.11 or the defined terms used for purposes of this Section 7.11 or waive any Default
or Event of Default resulting from a breach of this Section 7.11 without the consent of any Lenders other than the Required Revolving
Credit Lenders in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.01(j).

Section 7.12Accounting
Changes. The Lead Borrower shall not make any change in its fiscal year; provided,
however, that the Lead Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change its fiscal year to any other fiscal
year reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in which case, the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby
authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary to reflect such change in fiscal year.

(189) 

Section 7.13Prepayments,
Etc. of Indebtedness. (a) The Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall the Lead Borrower
permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity
thereof in any manner (it being understood that payments of regularly scheduled principal, interest, mandatory prepayments and AHYDO
Payments shall be permitted) (x) any Indebtedness incurred under Section 7.03(g), (s), (t) or (u) that
is expressly subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment or security or (y) any other Indebtedness that is required to be
expressly subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment or security pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents (all Indebtedness
described under (x) and (y), collectively, Junior Financing) or make any payment in violation of any subordination
terms of any Junior Financing Documentation, except (i) the refinancing thereof with any Indebtedness (to the extent such Indebtedness
constitutes a Permitted Refinancing and, if such Indebtedness was originally incurred under Section 7.03(g), is permitted
pursuant to Section 7.03(g)), to the extent not required to prepay any Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(b), (ii) the
conversion of any Junior Financing to Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of Holdings or any of its Parents,
(iii) the prepayment of Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Lead Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary to the extent not prohibited by the subordination provisions contained in the Global Intercompany Note, (iv) prepayments
or purchases of Junior Financings with Declined Proceeds to the extent such prepayments or purchases are required pursuant to the Junior
Financing Documentation evidencing such Junior Financing, (v) repayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments
in respect of Junior Financings prior to their scheduled maturity in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Cumulative Credit on such
date that the Lead Borrower elects to apply pursuant to this clause (v) (so long as, with respect to repayments, redemptions,
purchases, defeasances and other payments made out of amounts under clause (a) of the definition of Cumulative Credit
pursuant to this clause (v), no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and the Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio calculated on a Pro Forma Basis is greater than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00), (vi) prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances
and other payments in respect of Junior Financings prior to their scheduled maturity in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater
of $125,000,000 and 4.25% of Total Assets (as determined at the time of such transaction) (less the amount of any Restricted Payments
made in reliance on the dollar amount set forth in Section 7.06(g)(x)) and (vii) additional prepayments, redemptions,
purchases, defeasances and other payments in respect of Junior Financings, so long as immediately after giving effect to such prepayment,
redemption, purchase, defeasance or other payment, (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom
and (ii) the Total Net Leverage Ratio calculated on a Pro Forma Basis is no greater than 2.00 to 1.00, and satisfaction of such
test shall be evidenced by a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower demonstrating such satisfaction calculated in
reasonable detail.

(b)The
Lead Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to amend, modify or change in any manner materially adverse
to the interests of the Lenders any term or condition of any Junior Financing Documentation (including documentation evidencing Permitted
Refinancings thereof but other than intercompany indebtedness) without the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided, that nothing in this Section 7.13(b) shall prohibit
the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries from refinancing, replacing or renewing any such Junior Financing to the extent otherwise
permitted by Section 7.13(a).

(190) 

Section 7.14Permitted
Activities. With respect to each Holdco, each
Holdco shall not engage in any material operating or business activity; provided, that the following and any activities incidental
thereto shall be permitted in any event: (i) (x) in the case of Holdings, its ownership of the Equity Interests of the Lead
Borrower or any Intermediate Holding Company and (y) in the case of any Intermediate Holding Company, its ownership of Equity Interests
of the Lead Borrower, and, in each case, activities incidental thereto, including payment of dividends and other amounts in respect of
its Equity Interests, (ii) the maintenance of its legal existence (including the ability to incur fees, costs and expenses relating
to such maintenance), (iii) the performance of its obligations with respect to the Loan Documents, the Senior Notes and any other
Indebtedness, (iv) any public offering of its Equity Interests or any other issuance or sale of its Equity Interests, (v) financing
activities, including the issuance of securities, incurrence of debt, payment of dividends, providing a performance guaranty in connection
with a Permitted Securitization and (x) in the case of Holdings, making contributions to the capital of Intermediate
Holdings or any otherany Intermediate Holding Company,
and guaranteeing the obligations of any Intermediate Holding Company and the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (y) in
the case of Intermediate Holdings or any otherany
Intermediate Holding Company, making contributions (including any contribution or transfer made in the form of an intercompany
loan provided on an interest-free basis) to the capital of any other Intermediate Holding Company or the Lead Borrower and guaranteeing
the obligations of and the Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, (vi) participating in tax, accounting and other administrative
matters as a member of the consolidated group of Topco, (vii) holding any cash or property (but not operate any property) including
any intercompany receivable to the extent held in accordance with an activity otherwise permitted by this Section 7.14 and
the other provisions of the Credit Agreement, (viii) providing indemnification to officers and directors, (ix) in the case
of Holdings, the incurrence of Indebtedness under that certain Loan Agreement dated as of September 8, 2023, by and between LuxCo
Finance, as lender, and Holdings, as borrower, in an aggregate principal amount equal to $128,865,980, as in effect on the 2024 LuxCo
Merger Amendment Effective Date, so long as such Indebtedness: (tI)
is not guaranteed by any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary, (uII)
is unsecured, (vIII)
has a final scheduled maturity date after the Latest Maturity Date, (wIV)
has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity not shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the 2021 Incremental Term
Loans, the 2023 Term Loans or any Extended Term Loans as to which the 2021 Incremental Term Loans or the 2023 Term Loans were the Existing
Term Loan Tranche, (x) has no scheduled amortization, payments of interest in cash, payments of
principal or any mandatory redemption, repurchase, prepayment or sinking fund obligations, in each case, prior to the Latest Maturity
Date and (y) is subject to a Subordination Agreement, (x) in the case of Holdings, the incurrence of Indebtedness under that
certain Loan Agreement dated as of September 8, 2023, by and between LuxCo Finance, as lender, and Holdings, as borrower, in an
aggregate principal amount equal to $128,865,980, as in effect on the 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment Effective Date, so long as such Indebtedness:
(t) is not guaranteed by any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary, (u) is unsecured, (v) has a final scheduled maturity
date after the Latest Maturity Date, (w) has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity not shorter than the remaining Weighted Average
Life to Maturity of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, the 2023 Term Loans or any Extended Term Loans as to which the 2021 Incremental
Term Loans or the 2023 Term Loans were the Existing Term Loan Tranche, (xV)
has no scheduled amortization, payments of interest in cash, payments of principal or any mandatory redemption, repurchase, prepayment
or sinking fund obligations, in each case, prior to the Latest Maturity Date and (yVI)
is subject to a Subordination Agreement, (x) redomiciling of each Holdco
that is a Luxembourg Loan Party from Luxembourg to Ireland; provided that it is a Permitted Relocation and (xi) in
each case, any activities incidental to the foregoing. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) no Intermediate
Holding Company shall own any Equity Interests other than those of the Lead Borrower or another Intermediate Holding Company (unless
such Equity Interests are promptly contributed to the Lead Borrower) and (ii) Holdings shall not own any Equity Interests other
than (A) those of an Intermediate Holding Company or the Lead Borrower (unless such Equity Interests are promptly contributed to
the Lead Borrower) or (B) those of Topco in connection with share purchases, provided however, that such share purchases and the
payments related thereto are permitted by Section 7.06.

Article VIII

Events
of Default and Remedies

Section 8.01Events
of Default. Any of the following from and after the Closing Date shall constitute an event
of default (an Event of Default):

(a)Non-Payment.
Any Loan Party fails to pay in the currency required hereunder (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal
of any Loan, or (ii) within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or any other amount
payable hereunder or with respect to any other Loan Document; or

(b)Specific
Covenants. Any Borrower or, in the case of Section 7.14, any Holdco, fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or
agreement contained in any of Sections 6.03(a) or 6.05(a) (solely with respect to a Borrower) or Article VII;
providedthat the Financial Covenant is subject to cure pursuant to Section 8.04;
provided, further, that an Event of Default under this
clause (b) with respect to a failure by the Lead Borrower to be in compliance with the Financial Covenant shall not constitute
an Event of Default for purposes of any Term Loan or Term Commitment unless and until the Required Revolving Credit Lenders have actually
declared all such obligations to be immediately due and payable in accordance with this Agreement and such declaration has not been rescinded
on or before such date; oror

(191) 

(c)Other
Defaults. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a) or
(b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30)
days after receipt of written notice thereof by the Lead Borrower from the Administrative Agent; or

(d)Representations
and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Holdco,
the Lead Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document required to be delivered in connection
herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or

(e)Cross-Default.
Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto,
if any, (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness (other
than Indebtedness hereunder) having an outstanding aggregate principal amount of not less than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails
to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness, or any other event occurs (other than, with
respect to Indebtedness consisting of Swap Contracts, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of such Swap Contracts
and not as a result of any other default thereunder by any Loan Party), the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to
permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries)
to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed
(automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated
maturity; provided that this clause (e)(B) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the
voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder and
under the documents providing for such Indebtedness; provided further that such failure is unremedied and is not waived by the
holders of such Indebtedness prior to any termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments or acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Section 8.02;
or

(f)Insolvency
Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) institutes or consents to the
institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents
to the appointment of any receiver, receiver-manager, trustee, statutory manager, custodian, monitor, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator,
controller, administrator, judicial manager, administrative receiver or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its
property; or any receiver, receiver-manager, trustee, statutory manager, custodian, monitor, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator,
administrator, judicial manager, administrative receiver or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person
and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating
to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed
or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or, in relation to any Luxembourg
Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) organized under the laws of Luxembourg, a Luxembourg Insolvency
Event has occurred; or, in addition, in relation to any Loan Party or that is a Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary)
organized under the laws of Federal Republic of Germany, a court order for the rejection of insolvency proceedings due to lack of funds
(Abweisungsbeschluss mangels Masse) is made; or

(192) 

(g)Inability
to Pay Debts; Attachment. (i) Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) becomes unable
or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment
or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of the Loan Parties and is not released,
vacated or fully bonded within sixty (60) days after its issue or levy, or, in relation to any Loan Party or that is a Restricted Subsidiary
(other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) organized under the laws of Federal Republic of Germany, a German Insolvency Event has occurred;
or

(h)Judgments.
There is entered against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) a final judgment or order
for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by (i) independent third-party
insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and has not denied coverage or (ii) other third party
indemnities from financially sound investment grade indemnifying parties (or other parties reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent)) and such judgment or order shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending an appeal for a period
of sixty (60) consecutive days; or

(i)Invalidity
of Loan Documents. Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other
than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder (including as a result of a transaction permitted under Section 7.04
or 7.05) or as a result of acts or omissions by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent or any Lender or the satisfaction
in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party contests in writing the validity or enforceability
of any provision of any Loan Document or the validity or priority of a Lien as required by the Collateral Documents on a material portion
of the Collateral; or any Loan Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document (other
than as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Aggregate Commitments), or purports in writing to revoke
or rescind any Loan Document; or

(j)Change
of Control. There occurs any Change of Control; or

(k)Collateral
Documents. Any Collateral Document after delivery thereof pursuant to Section 6.11 or 6.14 shall for any reason
(other than pursuant to the terms thereof including as a result of a transaction not prohibited under this Agreement) cease to create
a valid and perfected Lien, with the priority required by the Collateral Documents on and security interest in any material portion of
the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, subject to Liens permitted under Section 7.01, (i) except to the extent
that any such perfection or priority is not required pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement or results from the failure
of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to maintain possession of certificates actually delivered to it representing securities
pledged under the Collateral Documents or to file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements or other equivalent filings and (ii) except
as to Collateral consisting of Real Property to the extent that such losses are covered by a lenders title insurance policy and
such insurer has not denied coverage; or

(l)ERISA.
(i) An ERISA Event occurs which, individually or together with all other ERISA Events, has resulted or could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) a Loan Party, Restricted Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate fails to make when due, after
the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201
of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan, in an amount which could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) any
Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary has incurred or is likely to incur liabilities pursuant to one or more Foreign Pension Plans
which, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(193) 

Section 8.02Remedies
Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative
Agent may and, at the request of the Required Lenders, shall take any or all of the following actions:

(a)declare
the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon
such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;

(b)declare
the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable
hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including, without limitation, the 2023
Yield Protection Fee, the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee and
the 2025 Tranche B Applicable Premium) to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice
of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers;

(c)require
that the Borrowers Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and

(d)exercise
on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents or applicable Law;

provided that upon the occurrence of an
actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to either Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code or any Debtor Relief Laws, the
obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate,
the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and
payable and the obligation of the Borrowers to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective,
in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, if the only Events of Default then having occurred and continuing are pursuant to a failure to observe the
Financial Covenant, then until such time, if any, as the Required Revolving Credit Lenders have declared the Loans under the 2021
Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments to be due and payable, the Administrative Agent shall only take
the actions set forth in this Section 8.02at the request
of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders (as opposed to Required Lenders).

Section 8.03Application
of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after
the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized
as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations (whether received as a consequence
of the exercise of such remedies or a distribution out of any proceeding in respect of or commenced under any proceeding under any Debtor
Relief Law including payments in respect of adequate protection for the use of Collateral during such proceeding or under
any plan of reorganization or on account of any liquidation of any Loan Party) shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following
order (to the fullest extent permitted by mandatory provisions of applicable Law):

First, to
payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (other than principal and interest,
but including Attorney Costs payable under Section 10.04 and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in its capacity as such;

(194) 

Second,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable
to the Lenders (including Attorney Costs payable under Section 10.04 and amounts payable under Article III),
ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them (irrespective of when such amounts were
incurred or accrued or whether any such amounts are allowed in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law);

Third, to
payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and L/C Borrowings, and any fees, premiums
(including, without limitation, the 2023 Yield Protection Fee,
the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee and the 2025 Tranche B Applicable Premium) and scheduled periodic payments due under Secured
Hedge Agreements and Treasury Services Agreements, ratably among the applicable Secured Parties in proportion to the respective amounts
described in this clause Third payable to them (irrespective of when such amounts were incurred or accrued or whether any such amounts
are allowed in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law);

Fourth,
to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings (including to Cash Collateralize
that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit), and any breakage, termination or other
payments under Secured Hedge Agreements and Treasury Services Agreements, ratably among the applicable Secured Parties in proportion
to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them (irrespective of when such amounts were incurred or accrued or
whether any such amounts are allowed in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law);

Fifth, to
the payment of all other Obligations of the Borrowers that are due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties
on such date, ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to the Administrative Agent and the other
Secured Parties on such date; and

Last, the
balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full, to the Lead Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no amount received from any Guarantor shall be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation of such Guarantor.

Subject to Section 2.03(c),
amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fourth above shall be applied
to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters
of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order
set forth above and, if no Obligations remain outstanding, to the Lead Borrower as applicable.

(195) 

Section 8.04Lead
Borrowers Right to Cure[Reserved].

. (a) For the purpose
of determining whether an Event of Default under the Financial Covenant has occurred, the Lead Borrower may on one or more occasions
designate any portion of the net cash proceeds from a sale or issuance of Qualified Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower or any contribution
to the common capital of the Lead Borrower (or from any other contribution to capital or sale or issuance of any other Equity Interests
on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) (the Cure Amount)
as an increase to Consolidated EBITDA for the applicable fiscal quarter; providedthat (i) such
amounts to be designated are actually received by the Lead Borrower on or after the first day of such applicable fiscal quarter and on
or prior to the fifteenth (15th) Business Day after the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered with respect
to such applicable fiscal quarter (the Cure Expiration Date), (ii) such amounts
do not exceed the aggregate amount necessary to cure any Event of Default under the Financial Covenant as of such date and (iii) the
Lead Borrower shall have provided notice to the Administrative Agent on the date such amounts are designated as a Cure Amount
(it being understood that to the extent any such notice is provided in advance of delivery of a Compliance Certificate for the applicable
period, the amount of such net cash proceeds that is designated as the Cure Amount may be different than the amount necessary to cure
any Event of Default under the Financial Covenant and may be modified, as necessary, in a subsequent corrected notice delivered on or
before the Cure Expiration Date (it being understood that in any event the final designation of the Cure Amount shall continue to be
subject to the requirements set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above)). The parties hereby acknowledge that this Section 8.04(a) may
not be relied on for purposes of calculating any financial ratios other than for determining compliance with Section 7.11
(and not Pro Forma Compliance with Section 7.11that is required by
any other provision of this Agreement) and shall not result in any adjustment to any amounts (including the amount of Indebtedness) or
increase in cash (and shall not be included for purposes of determining pricing, mandatory prepayments and the availability or amount
permitted pursuant to any covenant under Article VII) with respect to the quarter with
respect to which such Cure Amount was made other than the amount of the Consolidated EBITDA referred to in the immediately preceding
sentence. No Cure Amount shall have been previously applied to (A) make Restricted Payments under Section 7.06(f)(A) or
7.06(g)(y), (B) incur Indebtedness under Section 7.03(w) or (C) prepay,
redeem, purchase, defease or satisfy Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.13(a)(v).

(b) In
furtherance of clause (a) above, (A) upon actual receipt and designation of the Cure Amount by the Lead Borrower, the
Financial Covenant shall be deemed satisfied and complied with as of the end of the relevant fiscal quarter with the same effect as though
there had been no failure to comply with the Financial Covenant and any Event of Default under the Financial Covenant (and any other
Default arising solely as a result thereof) shall be deemed not to have occurred for purposes of the Loan Documents, and (B) upon
delivery to the Administrative Agent prior to the Cure Expiration Date of a notice from the Lead Borrower stating its good faith intention
to exercise its right set forth in this Section 8.04, neither the Administrative Agent
on or after the last day of the applicable quarter nor any Lender may exercise any rights or remedies under Section 8.02
(or under any other Loan Document) on the basis of any actual or purported Event of Default under the Financial
Covenant (and any other Default as a result thereof) until and unless the Cure Expiration Date has occurred without the Cure Amount having
been received and designated;providedthat, until the earlier to occur of the satisfaction (or
waiver in accordance with Section 10.01) of the conditions in Section 4.02
and the receipt of such Cure Amount, no Revolving Credit Lender shall be required to make any Revolving Credit Loan,
no Swing Line Loans shall be made and no L/C Issuer shall issue any Letter of Credit.

(c) (i) In
each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, there shall be at least two fiscal quarters in which no cure right set forth in this
Section 8.04is exercised, (ii) there can be no more than five (5) fiscal quarters
in which the cure rights set forth in this Section 8.04are exercised during the term of
the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments and any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments in respect thereof and (iii) there
shall be no pro formareduction in Indebtedness (by way of netting or otherwise) with the proceeds
of any Cure Amount for determining compliance with the Financial Covenant for the fiscal quarter with respect to which such Cure Amount
was made.

(196) 

Article IX

Administrative
Agent and Other Agents

Section 9.01Appointment
and Authorization of Agents. (a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints, designates
and authorizes each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this
Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to it by the terms
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision
to the contrary contained elsewhere herein or in any other Loan Document, neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall
have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent
have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or Participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities,
duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent herein
and in the other Loan Documents with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations
arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended
to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties.

(b)Each
L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith,
and such L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Agents in this Article IX with
respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be
issued by it and the applications and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Agent
as used in this Article IX and in the definition of Agent-Related Person included such L/C Issuer with
respect to such acts or omissions, and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to such L/C Issuer.

(c)Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 9.15, each of the Secured Parties hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent
to act as the agent of (and to hold any security interest created by the Collateral Documents for and on behalf of or in trust or as
agent for) such Secured Party for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by the Loan Parties
to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection,
the Collateral Agent (and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.02
for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents,
or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Collateral Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of
all provisions of this Article IX (including, Section 9.07, as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact
were the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. Each of the Secured Parties
hereby further irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent to execute the any other First Lien
Intercreditor Agreement and any Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement and to take such actions on their behalf as specified therein.

(d)For
the purposes of German Security (where German Security means any security interest created under the Collateral
Documents which are governed by German law) in addition to the provisions set out above, the specific provisions set out in clauses (e) to
(i) of this Section 9.01 shall be applicable. In the case of any inconsistency, the provisions set out in clauses
(e) to (i) of this Section 9.01 shall prevail. The provisions set out in clauses (e) to
(i) of this Section 9.01 shall not constitute a trust pursuant to the laws of the State of New York but a fiduciary
relationship (Treuhand) within the meaning of German law.

(197) 

(e)With
respect to German Security constituted by nonaccessory (nicht akzessorische) security interests, the Collateral Agent shall
hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or release such German Security in its own name, but for the account of the Secured
Parties.

(f)With
respect to German Security constituted by accessory (akzessorische) security interests, the Collateral Agent shall administer,
and, as the case may be, enforce or release such German Security in the name of and for and on behalf of the Secured Parties and shall
hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or release that German Security in its own name on the basis of its own rights on the
basis of the abstract acknowledgement of indebtedness pursuant to Section 9.15.

(g)For
the purposes of performing its rights and obligations as Collateral Agent under any accessory (akzessorische) German Security,
each Secured Party hereby authorises the Collateral Agent to act as its agent (Stellvertreter), and releases the Collateral Agent
from the restrictions imposed by Section 181 German Civil Code (Brgerliches Gesetzbuch) and similar restrictions applicable
to it pursuant to any other law, in each case to the extent legally possible to that Secured Party. At the request of the Collateral
Agent, each Secured Party shall provide the Collateral Agent with a separate written power of attorney (Spezialvollmacht) for
the purposes of executing any relevant agreements and documents on their behalf. Each Secured Party hereby ratifies and approves all
acts previously done by the Collateral Agent on such Secured Partys behalf.

(h)The
Collateral Agent accepts its appointment as administrator of the German Security on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in
this Agreement and the Secured Parties (other than the Collateral Agent), the Collateral Agent and all other parties to this Agreement
agree that, in relation to the German Security, no Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent) shall exercise any independent power
to enforce any German Security or take any other action in relation to the enforcement of the German Security, or make or receive any
declarations in relation thereto.

(i)Each
Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent) hereby instructs and authorizes the Collateral Agent (with the right of sub-delegation)
to act as its agent (Stellvertreter) to enter into any documents evidencing German Security and to make and accept all declarations
and take all actions it considers necessary or useful in connection with any German Security on behalf of such Secured Party. The Collateral
Agent shall further be entitled to enforce or release any German Security, to perform any rights and obligations under any documents
evidencing German Security and to execute new and different documents evidencing or relating to the German Security.

(j)With
respect to a Swiss Security:

(i)the
Collateral Agent (and each agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02
and/or any successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09 and/or any Supplemental Agent
appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.13) shall accept, hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or
release:

(A)any
Swiss Security of accessory (akzessorische) nature;

(B)the
benefit of this Section; and

(C)any
proceeds of such Swiss Security,

acting in its own name and as representative
(direkter Stellvertreter) in the name and for account of each of the other Secured Parties;

(198) 

(ii)the
Collateral Agent (and each agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02
and/or any successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09 and/or any Supplemental Agent
appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.13) shall accept, hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or
release:

(A)any
Swiss Security of non-accessory (nicht akzessorische) nature;

(B)with
respect to the Parallel Debt only, any Swiss Security of accessory (akzessorische) nature;

(C)the
benefit of this Section and, as applicable, of the Parallel Debt; and

(D)any
proceeds of such Swiss Security,

as fiduciary (treuhnderisch)
in its own name or, with respect to the Parallel Debt, as creditor in its own right and not as a representative of the other Secured
Parties, but for the benefit of all Secured Parties;

(iii)each
present and future Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent) hereby appoints, instructs and authorises the Collateral Agent (and
each agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02
and/or any successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09 and/or any Supplemental Agent
appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.13) to accept, hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or release
the Swiss Security, the benefit of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) and, as applicable, of the Parallel Debt and any proceeds
of such Swiss Security as set out in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) and in the respective Collateral Document constituting
the Swiss Security, and the Collateral Agent (and each agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from
time to time pursuant to Section 9.02 and/or any successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09
and/or any Supplemental Agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.13) hereby accepts such appointment;
and

(iv)each
present and future Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent) hereby instructs and authorises the Collateral Agent (and each agent
or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02 and/or any
successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09 and/or any Supplemental Agent appointed from
time to time pursuant to Section 9.13) in its own name and/or in the name of such Secured Party as its representative (direkter
Stellvertreter), as the case may be to give effect to this paragraph, to enter into, amend, replace, rescind or terminate any Collateral
Document or other document constituting the Swiss Security, to exercise any rights and perform any obligations thereunder and to make
and accept all declarations and take all actions it considers necessary or useful in connection with any Swiss Security on behalf of
such Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent).

(k)With
respect to any Irish Transaction Security:

To the extent that any and/or
all rights, interests, benefits and other property comprised in the Irish Transaction Security and the proceeds thereof (the Trust
Property) is not transferred, charged or granted to the Collateral Agent on trust pursuant to the relevant Loan Documents,
the Collateral Agent declares itself trustee of the Trust Property to hold the same on trust for the Secured Parties for the purpose
of securing the Obligations on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the relevant Loan Documents provided that it
is hereby agreed that, in relation to any jurisdiction the courts of which would not recognize or give effect to the trusts expressed
to be created by this Agreement and any other applicable Loan Document, the relationship of the Secured Parties to the Collateral Agent
shall be construed as one of principal and agent.

(199) 

(l)Any
Swedish Security will be granted to the Secured Parties represented by the Collateral Agent as agent of the Secured Parties.

Section 9.02Delegation
of Duties. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may execute any of
its duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral
(or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents or of exercising any rights and remedies thereunder) by or through agents,
employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning all matters pertaining
to such duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact
that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined in the final non-appealable judgment of a court
of competent jurisdiction).

Section 9.03Liability
of Agents. No Agent-Related Person shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted
to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby
(except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction, in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein), or (b) be responsible in any manner to any Lender or Participant
for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof, contained herein or in any other
Loan Document, or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity, effectiveness,
genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the perfection or priority of any Lien or
security interest created or purported to be created under the Collateral Documents, or for any failure of any Loan Party or any other
party to any Loan Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent-Related Person shall be under any obligation
to any Lender or participant to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or
conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party or any Affiliate
thereof.

Section 9.04Reliance
by Agents. (a) Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected
in relying, upon any writing, communication, signature, resolution, representation, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter,
telegram, facsimile, telex or telephone message, electronic mail message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it
to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal
counsel (including counsel to any Loan Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by such Agent. Each Agent shall be
fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence
of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders
against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each
Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document
in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required hereby
in any instance) and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders.

(b)For
purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01 or 4.02 with respect to Credit Extensions
on the Closing Date, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied
with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless
the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.

(200) 

Section 9.05Notice
of Default. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of
the occurrence of any Default, unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender or the Lead Borrower
referring to this Agreement, describing such Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default. The Administrative
Agent will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to any
Event of Default as may be directed by the Required Lenders in accordance with Article VIII; provided that unless
and until the Administrative Agent has received any such direction, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take
such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Event of Default as it shall deem advisable or in the best interest
of the Lenders.

Section 9.06Credit
Decision; Disclosure of Information by Agents. Each Lender acknowledges that no Agent-Related
Person has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance
of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation
or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender as to any matter, including whether Agent-Related Persons have disclosed material
information in their possession. Each Lender represents to each Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related
Person and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the
business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries,
and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter
into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrowers hereunder. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without
reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue
to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial
and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be
furnished to the Lenders by any Agent herein, such Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit
or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any
of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates which may come into the possession of any Agent-Related Person.

Section 9.07Indemnification
of Agents. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Lenders
shall indemnify upon demand each Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and without limiting
the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), pro rata (determined as if there were no Defaulting Lenders), and hold harmless each
Agent-Related Person from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by it; provided that no Lender shall be liable
for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting from such Agent-Related Persons
own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction;
provided that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of
the Lenders as shall be required by the Loan Documents) shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes
of this Section 9.07; provided, further, that any obligation to indemnify an L/C Issuer pursuant to this Section 9.07
shall be limited to Revolving Credit Lenders only. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any
Indemnified Liabilities, this Section 9.07 applies whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by
any Lender or any other Person. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse each of the Administrative Agent and
the Collateral Agent upon demand for its ratable share (determined as if there were no Defaulting Lenders) of any costs or out-of-pocket
expenses (including Attorney Costs) incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, in connection with
the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings
or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document
contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, is not
reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the Loan Parties. The undertaking in this Section 9.07 shall survive termination
of the Aggregate Commitments, the payment of all other Obligations and the resignation of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent, as the case may be.

(201) 

Section 9.08Agents
in their Individual Capacities. DBNY and its Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters
of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, acquire Equity Interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial
advisory, underwriting or other business with the Holdcos, the Borrowers and their respective Affiliates as though DBNY were not the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or an L/C Issuer hereunder and without notice to or consent of the Lenders. The Lenders acknowledge
that, pursuant to such activities, DBNY or its Affiliates may receive information regarding the Holdcos, the Borrowers or their respective
Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of the Holdcos, the Borrowers or such Affiliate)
and acknowledge that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall be under any obligation to provide such information
to them. With respect to its Loans, DBNY and its Affiliates shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender
and may exercise such rights and powers as though it were not the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or an L/C Issuer, and the
terms Lender and Lenders include DBNY in its individual capacity. Any successor to DBNY as
the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall also have the rights attributed to DBNY under this Section 9.08.

Section 9.09Successor
Agents. (a) Each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may resign as
the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, upon thirty (30) days notice to Lenders and the Lead Borrower.
Any such resignation by the Administrative Agent hereunder shall also constitute its resignation as an L/C Issuer and the Swing Line
Lender, in which case upon the effectiveness of such resignation in accordance with this Section 9.09 the resigning Administrative
Agent (x) shall not be required to issue any further Letters of Credit or make any additional Swing Line Loans hereunder and (y) shall
maintain all of its rights as an L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, with respect to any Letters of Credit issued
by it or Swing Line Loans made by it, in each case prior to the effective date of such resignation. Such resignation shall take effect
upon the appointment of a successor Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.09.

(b)If
the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent resigns under this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall (i) appoint from among
the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (ii) use reasonable efforts to arrange
for a Person or Persons (which may, but shall not be required to be, the new Administrative Agent) that will agree to become an L/C Issuer
and/or the Swing Line Lender hereunder, in each case who shall be a Lender, a commercial bank or a trust company, in each case reasonably
acceptable to the Lead Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) or
8.01(g) (which consent of the Lead Borrower shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

(c)If
no successor agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as
applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, may appoint, after consulting with the Lenders
and the Lead Borrower, a successor agent from among the Lenders and (ii) shall use reasonable efforts to arrange for a Person or
Persons (which may, but shall not be required to be, the new Administrative Agent) that will agree to become an L/C Issuer and/or the
Swing Line Lender hereunder, in each case to the extent the Required Lenders have failed to do the same pursuant to Section 9.09(b).

(202) 

(d)Upon
the acceptance of its appointment as successor agent hereunder, the Person acting as such successor agent shall succeed to all the rights,
powers and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent or retiring Collateral Agent, as applicable, and the term Administrative
Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall mean such successor administrative agent or collateral
agent and/or Supplemental Agent, as the case may be, and the retiring Administrative Agents or Collateral Agents, as applicable,
appointment, powers and duties as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent shall be terminated. After the retiring Administrative
Agents or the Collateral Agents resignation hereunder as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, the
provisions of this Article IX and Sections 10.04 and 10.05 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken
or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, under this Agreement.

(e)If
no successor agent has accepted appointment as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, by the date which is
thirty (30) days following the retiring Administrative Agents or Collateral Agents, as applicable, notice of resignation,
the retiring Administrative Agents or the retiring Collateral Agents, as applicable, resignation shall nevertheless thereupon
become effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, hereunder
until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above.

(f)Upon
the acceptance of any appointment as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder by a successor and upon the execution and
filing or recording of such financing statements, or amendments thereto, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or
desirable, or as the Required Lenders may request, in order to (i) continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to
be granted by the Collateral Documents or (ii) otherwise ensure that Section 6.11 is satisfied, the Administrative Agent
or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, discretion, privileges,
and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, and the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral
Agent, as applicable, shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents.

(g)After
the retiring Administrative Agents or Collateral Agents resignation hereunder as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent, the provisions of this Article IX shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted
to be taken by it while it was acting as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable and the retiring Administrative
Agent and the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, shall remain indemnified to the extent provided in this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents.

Section 9.10Administrative
Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency,
liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, judicial management, composition or other judicial proceeding relative
to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and
payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand
on either Borrower or the Collateral Agent) shall be (to the fullest extent permitted by mandatory provisions of applicable Law) entitled
and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(a)to
file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and
all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the
claims of the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel
and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(h) and (i),
2.09 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

(203) 

(b)to
collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, monitor, curator, receiver,
receiver-manager, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized
by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent
shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent any
amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Agents and their respective agents and counsel,
and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04.

Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan
of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative
Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding.

Section 9.11Collateral
and Guaranty Matters. Each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Hedge
Bank) and the L/C Issuer irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent:

(a)to
enter into and sign for and on behalf of the Lenders as Secured Parties the Collateral Documents for the benefit of the Lenders and the
other Secured Parties;

(b)to
automatically release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent under any Loan Document
(i) upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than (A) contingent indemnification
obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and (B) obligations and liabilities under Treasury Services Agreements and Secured
Hedge Agreements not due and payable) and the expiration or termination or Cash Collateralization of all Letters of Credit (other than
Letters of Credit that are Cash Collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit in form, amount and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the applicable L/C Issuer or a deemed reissuance under another facility as to which other arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the L/C Issuer shall have been made), (ii) at the time the property subject to such Lien is Disposed or to be Disposed
as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document to any Person other than a Loan
Party (or, if such transferee is a Loan Party, at the option of the applicable Loan Party, such Lien on such asset may still be released
in connection with the transfer so long as (x) the transferee grants a new Lien to the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent
on such asset substantially concurrently with the transfer of such asset, (y) the transfer is between parties organized under the
laws of different jurisdictions and at least one of such parties is a Foreign Subsidiary and (z) the priority of the new Lien is
the same as that of the original Lien), (iii) subject to Section 10.01, if the release of such Lien is approved, authorized
or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, (iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon release
of such Guarantor from its obligations under its Guaranty pursuant to clause (c) below or (v) if such property becomes
an Excluded Asset;

(c)to
release or subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under any Loan
Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 7.01(p) or (r) (in the
case of clause (r), to the extent required by the terms of the obligations secured by such Liens); and

(d)to
release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty as provided in Section 11.15Section 11.14.

(204) 

Upon request by the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents or the Collateral
Agents authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor
from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.11. In each case as specified in this Section 9.11,
the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent will (and each Lender irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent and the Collateral
Agent to), at the Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as the Lead Borrower may
reasonably request to evidence the release or subordination of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted
under the Collateral Documents, or to evidence the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty, in each case in
accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.11.

Section 9.12Other
Agents; Arrangers and Managers. None of the Lenders or other Persons identified on the facing
page or signature pages of this Agreement as a joint lead arranger or joint bookrunner shall have
any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders as such.
Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Lenders or other Persons so identified shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship
with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Lenders or other Persons so identified
in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder.

Section 9.13Appointment
of Supplemental Agents. (a) It is the purpose of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents that there shall be no violation of any Law of any jurisdiction denying or restricting the right of banking corporations or
associations to transact business as agent or trustee in such jurisdiction. It is recognized that in case of litigation under this Agreement
or any of the other Loan Documents, and in particular in case of the enforcement of any of the Loan Documents, or in case the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent deems that by reason of any present or future Law of any jurisdiction it may not exercise any of the rights,
powers or remedies granted herein or in any of the other Loan Documents or take any other action which may be desirable or necessary
in connection therewith, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are hereby authorized to appoint an additional individual
or institution selected by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion as a separate trustee, co-trustee,
administrative agent, collateral agent, administrative sub-agent or administrative co-agent (any such additional individual or institution
being referred to herein individually as a Supplemental Agent and collectively as Supplemental Agents).

(b)In
the event that the Collateral Agent appoints a Supplemental Agent with respect to any Collateral, (i) each and every right, power,
privilege or duty expressed or intended by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to be exercised by or vested in or conveyed
to the Collateral Agent with respect to such Collateral shall be exercisable by and vest in such Supplemental Agent to the extent, and
only to the extent, necessary to enable such Supplemental Agent to exercise such rights, powers and privileges with respect to such Collateral
and to perform such duties with respect to such Collateral, and every covenant and obligation contained in the Loan Documents and necessary
to the exercise or performance thereof by such Supplemental Agent shall run to and be enforceable by either the Collateral Agent or such
Supplemental Agent, and (ii) the provisions of this Article IX and of Sections 10.04 and 10.05 that
refer to the Administrative Agent shall inure to the benefit of such Supplemental Agent and all references therein to the Collateral
Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Collateral Agent and/or such Supplemental Agent, as the context may require.

(c)Should
any instrument in writing from any Loan Party be required by any Supplemental Agent so appointed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to him or it such rights, powers, privileges and duties, such Loan Party
shall execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all such instruments promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent. In case any Supplemental Agent, or a successor thereto, shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all the rights,
powers, privileges and duties of such Supplemental Agent, to the extent permitted by Law, shall vest in and be exercised by the Administrative
Agent until the appointment of a new Supplemental Agent.

(205) 

Section 9.14[Reserved].

Section 9.15Parallel
Debt owed to Collateral Agent. (a) Without prejudice to the provisions of Section 9.01(k),
each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to pay to the Collateral Agent as creditor in its own right and not
as a representative of the other Secured Parties amounts equal to any amounts owing from time to time by that Loan Party to any Secured
Party under any Loan Document, Secured Hedge Agreement or Treasury Services Agreement as and when those amounts are due for payment under
the relevant Loan Document, Secured Hedge Agreement or Treasury Services Agreement.

(b)Each
Loan Party and the Collateral Agent acknowledge that the obligations of each Loan Party under Section 9.15(a) are several
and are separate and independent from, and shall not in any way limit or affect, the corresponding obligations of that Loan Party to
any Secured Party under any Loan Document, any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Treasury Services Agreement (its Corresponding
Debt) nor shall the amounts for which each Loan Party is liable under Section 9.15(a) (its Parallel
Debt) be limited or affected in any way by its Corresponding Debt; provided that:

(i)the
Collateral Agent shall not demand payment with regard to the Parallel Debt of each Loan Party to the extent that such Loan Partys
Corresponding Debt has been irrevocably paid or (in the case of guarantee obligations) discharged; and

(ii)a
Secured Party shall not demand payment with regard to the Corresponding Debt of each Loan Party to the extent that such Loan Partys
Parallel Debt has been irrevocably paid or (in the case of guarantee obligations) discharged.

(c)The
Collateral Agent acts in its own name and not as a trustee, and its claims in respect of the Parallel Debt shall not be held on trust.
The Collateral granted under the Loan Documents to the Collateral Agent to secure the Parallel Debt is granted to the Collateral Agent
in its capacity as creditor of the Parallel Debt and shall not be held on trust.

(d)All
monies received or recovered by the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Section 9.15, and all amounts received or recovered
by the Collateral Agent from or by the enforcement of any Collateral granted to secure the Parallel Debt, shall be applied in accordance
with this Agreement.

(e)Without
limiting or affecting the Collateral Agents rights against the Loan Parties (whether under this Section 9.15 or under
any other provision of the Loan Documents, Secured Hedge Agreement or Treasury Services Agreement), each Loan Party acknowledges that:

(i)nothing
in this Section 9.15 shall impose any obligation on the Collateral Agent to advance any sum to any Loan Party or otherwise
under any Loan Document, Secured Hedge Agreement or Treasury Services Agreement, except in its capacity as lender; and

(ii)for
the purpose of any vote taken under any Loan Document, Secured Hedge Agreement or Treasury Services Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall
not be regarded as having any participation or commitment other than those which it has in its capacity as a Lender.

(206) 

Article X

Miscellaneous

Section 10.01Amendments,
Etc. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no amendment or waiver of any provision
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless
in writing signed by the Required Lenders (other than with respect to any amendment or waiver contemplated in Sections 10.01(a) through
(j)(i) below,
which shall only require the consent of the Lenders expressly set forth therein and not the Required Lenders) (or by the Administrative
Agent with the written consent of the Required Lenders) and such Loan Party and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in
the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided that, no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:

(a)extend
or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of each Lender holding such Commitment (it being understood that
a waiver of any condition precedent or of any Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall not constitute
an extension or increase of any Commitment of any Lender);

(b)postpone
any date scheduled for, or reduce or forgive the amount of, any payment of principal or interest under Section 2.07 or 2.08
(other than pursuant to Section 2.08(b)) without the written consent of each Lender holding the applicable Obligation
(it being understood that the waiver of (or amendment to the terms of) any mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans shall not constitute
a postponement of any date scheduled for the payment of principal or interest and it being understood that any change to the definition
of First Lien Net Leverage Ratio or in the component definitions thereof shall not constitute a reduction or forgiveness
in any rate of interest);

(c)reduce
or forgive the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iii) of
the second proviso to this Section 10.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document (or
extend the timing of payments of such fees or other amounts) without the written consent of each Lender holding such Loan, L/C Borrowing
or to whom such fee or other amount is owed (it being understood that any change to the definition of Total Net Leverage Ratio
or in the component definitions thereof shall not constitute a reduction or forgiveness in any rate of interest); provided that,
only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation
of the Borrowers to pay interest at the Default Rate;

(d)change
any provision of this Section 10.01, the definition of Required Lenders, Required Class Lenders,
Required Revolving Credit Lenders or Pro Rata Share, Section 2.06, 2.12(a), 2.12(g),
2.13 or 8.03 without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;

(e)other
than in connection with a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 7.05, release all or substantially all of the
Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each Lender;

(f)other
than in connection with a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 7.05, release all or substantially all of the
aggregate value of the Guarantees, without the written consent of each Lender;

(g)change
the currency in which any Loan is denominated without the written consent of each Lender holding such Loans;

(207) 

(h)(1) waive
any condition set forth in Section 4.02 as to any Credit Extension under one or more Classes of Revolving Credit Commitments
or (2) amend, waive or otherwise modify any term or provision which directly affects Lenders under one or more Classes of Revolving
Credit Commitments and does not directly affect Lenders under any other Class, in each case, without the written consent of the Required
Class Lenders under such applicable Class or Classes of Revolving Credit Commitments (and in the case of multiple Classes which
are affected, such Required Class Lenders shall consent together as one Class) (it being understood that any amendment to the conditions
of effectiveness of Incremental Commitments set forth in Section 2.16 shall be subject to clause (i) below); provided,
however, that the waivers described in this clause (h) shall not require the consent of any Lenders other than (x) the
Required Class Lenders under such Class or Classes and (y) in the case of any waiver that otherwise would be subject to
clauses (a) through (g) above, each Lender, each directly affected Lender or each directly and adversely affected Lender
(as specified in the applicable clause) under the applicable Class or Classes of Revolving Credit Commitments; or

(i)amend,
waive or otherwise modify any term or provision (including the availability and conditions to funding under Section 2.16
with respect to Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and the rate of interest applicable thereto) which
directly affects Lenders of one or more Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments (including Loans extended
under such Commitments) and does not directly affect Lenders under any other Class, in each case, without the written consent of the
Required Class Lenders under such applicable Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments (and in the case
of multiple Classes which are affected, such Required Class Lenders shall consent together as one Class); provided, however,
that the waivers described in this clause (i) shall not require the consent of any Lenders other than (x) the Required Class Lenders
under such applicable Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments and (y) in the case of any waiver that
otherwise would be subject to clause (a) though (g) above, each Lender, each directly affected Lender or each directly
and adversely affected Lender (as specified in the applicable clause) under the applicable Class or Classes of Incremental Term
Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments (including Loans extended under such Commitments); or

(j) amend
or otherwise modify: (a) the Financial Covenant, (b) the exception set forth in Section 6.01(a)(ii)(x) or
(y), (c) the second proviso to Section 8.01(b) and
(d), Section 8.04, and in each case any definition
related thereto (as any such definition is used therein but not as otherwise used in this Agreement or any other Loan Document) or waive
any Default or Event of Default resulting from a failure to perform or observe the Financial Covenant (including any related Default
or Event of Default under Section 6.01) or Section 8.04without the written consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders; provided,
that, the waivers described in this clause (j) shall not require the consent of any Lenders other than the Required Revolving
Credit Lenders;

and provided further that (i) no
amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by each L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect
the rights or duties of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Request for L/C Issuance relating to any Letter of Credit issued or
to be issued by it; provided, however, that this Agreement may be amended to adjust the mechanics related to the issuance
of Letters of Credit, including mechanical changes relating to the existence of multiple L/C Issuers, with only the written consent of
the Administrative Agent, the applicable L/C Issuer and each Borrower so long as the obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders, if
any, who have not executed such amendment, and if applicable the other L/C Issuers, if any, who have not executed such amendment, are
not adversely affected thereby; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender
in addition to the Lenders required above, adversely affect the rights or duties of such Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; provided,
however, that this Agreement may be amended to adjust the borrowing mechanics related to Swing Line Loans with only the written
consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lenders and each Borrower so long as the obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders,
if any, who have not executed such amendment are not adversely affected thereby; (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless
in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, in addition to the Lenders required above,
affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable,
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (iv) Section 10.07(j) may not be amended, waived or otherwise
modified without the consent of each Granting Lender all or any part of whose Loans are being funded by an SPC at the time of such amendment,
waiver or other modification.

(208) 

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder
(and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected
with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased
or extended without the consent of such Lender (it being understood that any Commitments or Loans held or deemed held by any Defaulting
Lender shall be excluded for a vote of the Lenders hereunder requiring any consent of the Lenders).

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no Lender consent is required to effect any amendment or supplement to any First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, Second Lien Intercreditor
Agreement, Subordination Agreement or other intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement (i) that is for
the purpose of adding the holders of Refinancing Equivalent Debt, Incremental Equivalent Debt or, in each case, a Senior Representative
with respect thereto, as parties thereto, as expressly contemplated by the terms of such First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, such Second
Lien Intercreditor Agreement, such Subordination Agreement or such other intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this
Agreement, as applicable (it being understood that any such amendment or supplement may make such other changes to the applicable intercreditor
agreement as, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, are required to effectuate the foregoing and provided
that such other changes are not adverse, in any material respect, to the interests of the Lenders) or (ii) that is expressly contemplated
by any First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement, Subordination Agreement or other intercreditor agreement
or arrangement permitted under this Agreement to be effected without the consent of any Lender; provided, further, that
no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other
Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and
the Lead Borrower (a) to add one or more additional credit facilities
to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in
respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Term Loans and the Revolving
Credit Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (b) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit
facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders.

In addition, notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Lead Borrower and the Lenders
providing the Replacement Term Loans (as defined below) to permit the refinancing of all outstanding Term Loans of any Class (Replaced
Term Loans) with replacement term loans (Replacement Term Loans) hereunder; provided that (a) the
aggregate principal amount of such Replacement Term Loans shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount of such Replaced Term Loans,
plus accrued interest, fees, premiums (if any) and penalties thereon and reasonable fees and expenses associated with such Replacement
Term Loans, (b) the All-In Yield with respect to such Replacement Term Loans (or similar interest rate spread applicable to such
Replacement Term Loans) shall not be higher than the All-In Yield for such Replaced Term Loans (or similar interest rate spread applicable
to such Replaced Term Loans) immediately prior to such refinancing, (c) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Replacement
Term Loans shall not be shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Replaced Term Loans, at the time of such refinancing
and (d) all other terms applicable to such Replacement Term Loans shall be substantially identical to, or less favorable to the
Lenders providing such Replacement Term Loans than, those applicable to such Replaced Term Loans except to the extent necessary to provide
for covenants and other terms applicable to any period after the latest final maturity of the Term Loans in effect immediately prior
to such refinancing. Each amendment to this Agreement providing for Replacement Term Loans may, without the consent of any other Lenders,
effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative
Agent and the Lead Borrower to effect the provisions of this paragraph, and for the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall supersede
any other provisions in this Section 10.01 to the contrary.

(209) 

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Section 10.01, the Holdcos, the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent may without
the input or consent of the Lenders, effect amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate
in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent to effect the provisions of Section 2.16, 2.17 or 2.18.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Section 10.01, guarantees, collateral security documents and related documents executed
by Subsidiaries in connection with this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and may be, together
with this Agreement, amended, supplemented and waived with the consent of the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent, as the
case may be, at the request of the Lead Borrower without the need to obtain the consent of any other Lender if such amendment, supplement
or waiver (i) is of a technical nature (including curing any ambiguities, omissions, mistakes or defects) and/or is, in the judgment
of the Collateral Agent, required by applicable local law on the advice of local counsel, in the interests of the Secured Parties or
(in the case of any non-U.S. Collateral Documents) necessary or desirable to preserve, maintain, perfect and/or protect the security
interests purported to the granted by the respective non-U.S. Collateral Documents or (ii) to cause such guarantee, collateral security
document or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, provided, that any section in a
Collateral Document providing for a governing law and/or a jurisdiction different from Section 10.15 shall not be deemed
a conflict of this Agreement.

If the Administrative Agent
and the Lead Borrower shall have jointly identified an obvious error (including, but not limited to, an incorrect cross-reference) or
any error or omission of a technical or immaterial nature, in each case, in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any exhibit, schedule or other attachment to any Loan Document), then the Administrative Agent
(acting in its sole discretion) and the Borrowers or any other relevant Loan Party shall be permitted to amend such provision and such
amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document. Notification of such
amendment shall be made by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders promptly upon such amendment becoming effective.

Section 10.02Notices
and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies.

(a)General.
Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for hereunder or under any other Loan Document
shall be in writing (including by facsimile transmission). All such written notices shall be mailed, faxed or delivered to the applicable
address, facsimile number or electronic mail address, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given
by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows:

(i)if
to any Holdco, any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, an L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the address,
facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 or to such other address,
facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties;
and

(210) 

(ii)if
to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire
or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice
to the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, an L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender.

All such notices and other communications shall
be deemed to be given or made upon the earlier to occur of (i) actual receipt by the relevant party hereto and (ii) (A) if
delivered by hand or by courier, when signed for by or on behalf of the relevant party hereto; (B) if delivered by mail to a party
in (x) Asia, eight (8) Business Days after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid or (y) any other location, four (4) Business
Days after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid; (C) if delivered by facsimile, when sent and receipt has been confirmed by telephone;
and (D) if delivered by electronic mail (which form of delivery is subject to the provisions of Section 10.02(c)), when
delivered; provided that notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, an L/C Issuer and
the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Article II shall not be effective until actually received by such Person. In no event shall
a voice mail message be effective as a notice, communication or confirmation hereunder.

(b)Effectiveness
of Facsimile Documents and Signatures. Loan Documents may be transmitted and/or signed by facsimile or other electronic communication.
The effectiveness of any such documents and signatures shall, subject to applicable Law, have the same force and effect as manually signed
originals and shall be binding on all Loan Parties, the Agents and the Lenders.

(c)Reliance
by Agents and Lenders. The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any
notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Holdco or
any Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed
by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation
thereof. Each Borrower shall indemnify each Agent-Related Person and each Lender from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting
from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of any Holdco or either Borrower in the absence of
gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent-Related Person as determined in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of
competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices to the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may be recorded by the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

Section 10.03No
Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure by any Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other
Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies,
powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies,
powers and privileges provided by Law.

(211) 

Section 10.04Attorney
Costs and Expenses. Each Holdco and each Borrower jointly and severally agrees (a) to
pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Arrangers for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, syndication and execution of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and
any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated
thereby are consummated), and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including all
Attorney Costs, which shall be limited to White & Case LLP (and one local and specialist counsel in each applicable jurisdiction
for each group and, in the event of a conflict of interest, one additional counsel of each type to the affected parties)) and (b) to
pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Arrangers and each Lender for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of any
rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any legal
proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, and including all Attorney Costs, which shall be limited to Attorney
Costs of one counsel to the Administrative Agent and Arrangers (and one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for each group
and, in the event of any conflict of interest, one additional counsel of each type to the affected parties)). The foregoing costs and
expenses shall include all reasonable search, filing, recording and title insurance charges and fees related thereto, and other reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Agent. The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate
Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid within ten (10) Business
Days of receipt by the Lead Borrower of an invoice relating thereto setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail; provided
that, with respect to the Closing Date, all amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid on the Closing Date to the
extent invoiced to the Lead Borrower within one (1) Business
Day of the Closing Date. If any Loan Party fails to pay when due any costs, expenses or other amounts payable by it hereunder or under
any Loan Document, such amount may be paid on behalf of such Loan Party by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, none of Holdings, the Borrowers nor any Subsidiary shall be
required to reimburse any expenses associated with the pursuit of litigation against the Borrowers or any other Person in connection
with or related to the 2025 Incremental Amendment, the 2025 Transactions or the transactions related thereto other than any expenses
incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent.

Section 10.05Indemnification.
Each Holdco and each Borrower shall, jointly and severally, indemnify and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person, each Arranger, each
L/C Issuer, each Lender and their respective Affiliates, and directors, officers, employees, counsel, agents, trustees, investment advisors
and attorneys-in-fact of each of the foregoing (collectively the Indemnitees) from and against any and all liabilities,
obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements (including Attorney
Costs, which shall be limited to Attorney Costs of one counsel to the Administrative Agent and Arrangers (and one local and specialist
counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for each group and, in the event of any conflict of interest, one additional counsel of each
type to the affected parties)) of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against
any such Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of or in connection with (a) the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance
or administration of any Loan Document or any other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated
thereby or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, (b) any Commitment, Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or
proposed use of the proceeds therefrom including any refusal by an L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit
if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (c) any
actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials at, on, under or from any property or facility currently or formerly owned,
leased or operated by the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Loan Parties or any
Subsidiary, (d) the payment or recovery of an amount in connection with the Loan Documents in a currency other than the currency
required under the Loan Document or (e) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any
of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory (including any investigation of, preparation for, or defense of
any pending or threatened claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding) and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto
(a Proceeding) or whether or not such Proceeding is brought by any Holdco, Borrower or any other Person (all the
foregoing, collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities) in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole
or in part, out of the negligence of the Indemnitee; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, such indemnity shall not, as
to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions,
judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or of
any affiliate, director, officer, employee, counsel, agent or attorney-in-fact of such Indemnitee, as determined by the final non-appealable
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of any information
or other materials obtained through IntraLinks or other similar information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement, nor
shall any Indemnitee or the Lead Borrower or any Subsidiary have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages
relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before
or after the Closing Date) (other than, in the case of a Loan Party, in respect of any such damages incurred or paid by an Indemnitee
to a third party, or which are included in a third-party claim, and for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses related thereto). In the
case of an investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section 10.05 applies, such indemnity
shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, any Subsidiary of any Loan
Party, any Loan Partys directors, stockholders or creditors or an Indemnitee or any other Person, whether or not any Indemnitee
is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not any of the transactions contemplated hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents
are consummated. All amounts due under this Section 10.05 shall be paid within ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor;
provided, however, that such Indemnitee shall promptly refund such amount to the extent that there is a final
judicial or arbitral determination that such Indemnitee was not entitled to indemnification rights with respect to such payment pursuant
to the express terms of this Section 10.05. The agreements in this Section 10.05 shall survive the resignation
of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and
the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.

(212) 

Section 10.06Payments
Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrowers is made to any
Agent or any Lender, or any Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any
part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any
settlement entered into by such Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection
with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof
originally intended to be satisfied shall, to the fullest extent possible under provisions of applicable Law, be revived and continued
in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees
to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by any Agent, plus
interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Federal Funds
Rate from time to time in effect.

Section 10.07Successors
and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither any Holdco nor
any Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender
and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Assignee pursuant to
an assignment made in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(b) (such an assignee, an Eligible Assignee)
and, in the case of any Assignee that is Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, Section 2.14 or Section 2.15, (ii) by
way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(e), (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of
a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 10.07(g) or (iv) to an SPC in accordance with the provisions
of Section 10.07(h) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void); provided,
however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender may assign or transfer by participation any of its rights or obligations
hereunder to (i) any Person that is a Defaulting Lender, (ii) a natural Person or (iii) a Disqualified Institution. Nothing
in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective
successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 10.07(e) and, to the extent
expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

(213) 

(b)(i)Subject
to the conditions set forth in clause (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees (Assignees)
all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including
for purposes of this Section 10.07(b), participations in L/C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it)
with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, except in connection with a proposed
assignment to any Disqualified Institution) of:

(A)the
Lead Borrower, provided that no consent of the Lead Borrower shall be required for (i) an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate
of a Lender or an Approved Fund, (ii) other than with respect to any proposed assignment to any Person that is a Disqualified Institution,
an assignment if an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or, solely with respect to any of the Borrowers, Section 8.01(f) has
occurred and is continuing or (iii) an assignment of all or a portion of the Loans pursuant to Sections 2.14 or 2.15;
provided that, other than with respect to any proposed assignment to any Person that is a Disqualified Institution, the Lead Borrower
shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative
Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof;

(B)the
Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment (i) of all
or any portion of a Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, (ii) to an Agent or an Affiliate of an Agent
or (iii) of all or any portion of a Term Loan pursuant to Sections 2.14 or 2.15;

(C)each
L/C Issuer, provided that no consent of an L/C Issuer shall be required for any assignment not related to Revolving Credit Commitments
or Revolving Credit Exposure; and

(D)the
Swing Line Lender; provided that no consent of the Swing Line Lender shall be required for any assignment not related to Revolving
Credit Commitments or Revolving Credit Exposure or any assignment to an Agent or an Affiliate of an Agent.

(ii)assignments
shall be subject to the following additional conditions:

(A)except
in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount
of the assigning Lenders Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject
to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the
Administrative Agent) shall not be less than an amount of $2,500,000 (in the case of each Revolving Credit Loan), $1,000,000 (in the
case of a Term Loan), unless each of the Lead Borrower and the Administrative
Agent otherwise consents, provided that such amounts shall be aggregated in respect of each Lender and its Affiliates or Approved
Funds, if any;

(214) 

(B)the
parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing
and recordation fee of $3,500 (unless such fee is waived by the Administrative Agent); provided that only one such fee shall be
payable in the event of simultaneous assignments to or from two or more Approved Funds; and

(C)other
than in connection with an assignment pursuant to Sections 2.14 or 2.15, the Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender,
shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.

This clause (b) shall
not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Facilities on a non-pro rata
basis among such Facilities.

In connection with any assignment
of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to
the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative
Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee
of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Lead Borrower and the
Administrative Agent, the applicable Pro Rata Share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of
which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then
owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire
(and fund as appropriate) its full Pro Rata Share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in accordance
with its Pro Rata Share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting
Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee
of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.

(c)Subject
to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.07(d), from and after the effective
date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent
of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the
assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations
under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations
under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01,
3.04, 3.05, 10.04 and 10.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date
of such assignment). Upon request, and the surrender by the assigning Lender of its Note, the relevant Borrowers (at their expense) shall
execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement
that does not comply with this clause (c) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation
in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 10.07(e).

(215) 

(d)The
Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at the Administrative Agents
Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and each notice of cancellation of any Loans delivered by the Lead Borrower
pursuant to Section 2.14 and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments
of, and principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of the Loans, L/C Obligations (specifying the Unreimbursed Amounts), L/C Borrowings
and the amounts due under Section 2.03, owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register).
The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each
Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement,
notwithstanding notice to the contrary. Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender
and an Assignee, an Administrative Questionnaire completed in respect of the Assignee (if applicable and unless the Assignee shall already
be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in Section 10.07(b)(ii)(B) above (if applicable)
and, if required, the written consent of the Lead Borrower, the L/C Issuers, the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent to such
assignment, the Administrative Agent shall (i) accept such Assignment and Assumption and (ii) record the information contained
therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.
The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers, any Agent and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time
upon reasonable prior notice.

(e)Any
Lender may at any time sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person a Disqualified Institution or a Defaulting Lender)
(each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement
(including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lenders participations in L/C Obligations and/or
Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
(ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the
Borrowers, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders
rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall
provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment,
modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; provided that such agreement or instrument
may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described
in clauses (a) through (f) of the first proviso to Section 10.01 that requires the affirmative vote of such
Lender. Subject to Section 10.07(f), the Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections
3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations of such Sections) to the same extent as if it were
a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.07(c). To the extent permitted by applicable
Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.09 as though it were a Lender; provided
that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation
shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and
address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other
obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register). The entries in the Participant Register shall be
conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner
of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. No Lender shall have any obligation
to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to
a Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any
Person, except that the portion of any Participant Register relating to any Participant or SPC requesting payment from a Borrower or
seeking to exercise its rights under Section 10.09 shall be available for inspection by the Lead Borrower upon reasonable
request to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation
is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or as is otherwise required thereunder.

(216) 

(f)A
Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 than the
applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of
the participation to such Participant is made with the Lead Borrowers prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed (it being understood the Lead Borrower shall have a reasonable basis for withholding consent if such Participant would result
in materially increased indemnification obligation to the Lead Borrower at such time).

(g)Any
Lender may, without the consent of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at any time pledge or assign a security interest in
all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including
any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank having jurisdiction over it; provided
that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee
or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

(h)The
Luxembourg Loan Parties hereby expressly accept and confirm, for the purposes of Article 1278 of the Luxembourg Civil Code that,
notwithstanding any assignment, amendment, novation or transfer of any kind permitted under, and made in accordance with, the provisions
of this Agreement or any agreement referred to herein to which a Luxembourg Loan Party is a party (including any Security Agreement),
any security interest created under such agreement shall continue in full force and effect to the benefit of each new Lender. Each other
Luxembourg Loan Party hereby accepts and confirms the above.

(i)The
Loan Parties organized under Belgian law hereby expressly accept and confirm, for the purposes of Article 1278 of the Belgian Civil
Code, that, notwithstanding any novation permitted under this Agreement or any agreement referred to herein, any security interest created
under such agreement shall continue in full force and effect to the benefit of each new Lender.

(j)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender) may grant to a special purpose funding
vehicle identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower (an
SPC) the option to provide all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to
make pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to fund any Loan,
(ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to make all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall
be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof and (iii) such SPC and the applicable Loan or any applicable part thereof,
shall be appropriately reflected in the Participant Register. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) an SPC shall be entitled
to the benefit of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and the limitations of such Sections),
but neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase
or change the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement except in the case of Section 3.01, to the extent that the
grant to the SPC was made with the prior written consent of the Lead Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; for the avoidance
of doubt, the Lead Borrower shall have reasonable basis for withholding consent if an exercise by SPC immediately after the grant would
result in materially increased indemnification obligation to a Borrower at such time), (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity
or similar payment obligation under this Agreement for which a Lender would be liable, and (iii) the Granting Lender shall for all
purposes, including the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document, remain the lender
of record hereunder. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent,
and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any SPC may (i) with
notice to, but without prior consent of the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent and with the payment of a processing fee of $3,500,
assign all or any portion of its right to receive payment with respect to any Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose on a
confidential basis any non-public information relating to its funding of Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider
of any surety or Guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC.

(217) 

(k)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, without the consent of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent, (1) any Lender
may in accordance with applicable Law create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the Notes, if any,
held by it and (2) any Lender that is a Fund may create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the
Notes, if any, held by it to the trustee for holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Fund as security for such obligations
or securities; provided that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance with the other provisions of
this Section 10.07, (i) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations under the Loan
Documents and (ii) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under the Loan Documents even though
such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise.

(l)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein other than the proviso in the definition of L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender,
in each case, in respect of any Extension or Extensions of Revolving Credit Commitments effected in accordance with Section 2.18,
any L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender may, upon thirty (30) days notice to the Lead Borrower and the Lenders, resign as an L/C Issuer
or Swing Line Lender, respectively; provided that the relevant L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender shall use reasonable efforts to
identify, on or prior to the expiration of such 30-day period with respect to such resignation, a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line
Lender reasonably acceptable to the Lead Borrower willing to accept its appointment as successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as
applicable. In the event of any such resignation of an L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the Lead Borrower shall be entitled to appoint
from among the Lenders willing to accept such appointment a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; provided that
no failure by the Lead Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of the relevant L/C Issuer or the Swing Line
Lender, as the case may be, except as expressly provided above. If an L/C Issuer resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights
and obligations of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation
as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or
fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c)). If the Swing Line Lender resigns as Swing
Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by
it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans,
Benchmark Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c).

(m)[Reserved].

(n)In
the case of any Term Loans acquired by, or contributed to, the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.15 or this Section 10.07(n),
(x) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans of the applicable Class shall be deemed reduced by the full
par value of the aggregate principal amount of such Term Loans acquired by, or contributed to, the Borrowers and (y) any scheduled
principal repayment installments with respect to the Term Loans of such Class occurring pursuant to Sections 2.07(a), prior
to the final maturity date for Term Loans of such Class, shall be reduced pro rata by the par value of the aggregate principal amount
of Term Loans so purchased or contributed (and subsequently cancelled and retired), with such reduction being applied solely to the remaining
Term Loans of the Lenders which sold or contributed such Term Loans.

(218) 

Section 10.08Confidentiality.
Each of the Agents and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information, except that Information may be disclosed
(a) to its Affiliates and its and its Affiliates managers, administrators, directors, officers, employees, trustees, partners,
investors, investment advisors and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons
to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information
confidential); (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority or self regulatory authority having or asserting jurisdiction
over such Person (including any Governmental Authority regulating any Lender or its Affiliates); (c) to the extent required by applicable
Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (d) to any other party to this Agreement; (e) subject to an
agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.08 (or as may otherwise be reasonably
acceptable to the Lead Borrower), to any pledgee referred to in Section 10.07(g), counterparty to a Swap Contract, Eligible
Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or Participant in any of its rights or obligations under this
Agreement; (f) with the written consent of the Lead Borrower; (g) to the extent such Information becomes publicly available
other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.08 or becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Arranger,
any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than a Loan Party or
its related parties (so long as such source is not known to the Administrative Agent, such Arranger, such Lender, such L/C Issuer or
any of their respective Affiliates to be bound by confidentiality obligations to any Loan Party); (h) to any Governmental Authority
or examiner (including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any other similar organization) regulating any Lender;
(i) to any rating agency when required by it (it being understood that, prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake
to preserve the confidentiality of any Information relating to Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries received by it from such Lender) or
to the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar organization; (j) to the extent such information is independently developed by any Agent
or any Arranger or (k) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder, under any other Loan Document or the enforcement
of its rights hereunder or thereunder. In addition, the Agents, the Arrangers and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement
and publicly available information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry,
and service providers to the Agents, the Arrangers and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement,
the other Loan Documents, the Commitments, and the Credit Extensions. For the purposes of this Section 10.08, Information
means all information received from the Loan Parties relating to any Loan Party, its Affiliates or its Affiliates directors, officers,
employees, trustees, investment advisors or agents, relating to the Holdcos, the Lead Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries or its business,
other than any such information that is publicly available to any Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender prior to disclosure by any Loan
Party other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.08; provided that, in the case of information received
from a Loan Party after the Closing Date, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential or is delivered
pursuant to Section 6.01, 6.02 or 6.03 hereof.

Section 10.09Setoff.
In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by Law, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of
Default, each Lender and its Affiliates (and the Collateral Agent, in respect of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses payable hereunder)
is authorized at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to each Borrower, any such notice being waived by each Borrower
(on its own behalf and on behalf of each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law,
to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held by, and other Indebtedness
at any time owing by, such Lender and its Affiliates or the Collateral Agent to or for the credit or the account of the respective Loan
Parties and their Subsidiaries against any and all Obligations (other than, with respect to any Guarantor, any Excluded Swap Obligations
of such Guarantor) owing to such Lender and its Affiliates or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document, now or
hereafter existing, irrespective of whether or not such Agent or such Lender or Affiliate shall have made demand under this Agreement
or any other Loan Document and although such Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or denominated in a currency different from that
of the applicable deposit or Indebtedness. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent after
any such set off and application made by such Lender; provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity
of such setoff and application. The rights of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender under this Section 10.09
are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent
and such Lender may have at Law.

(219) 

Section 10.10Interest
Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document,
the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted
by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate). If any Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds
the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded
to the Borrowers. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by an Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum
Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense,
fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate,
allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder.

Section 10.11Counterparts.
This Agreement and each other Loan Document may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery by telecopier (or other electronic transmission, e.g., .pdf)
of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement and each other Loan Document shall be effective as delivery of
an original executed counterpart of this Agreement and such other Loan Document. The Agents may also require that any such documents
and signatures delivered by telecopier be confirmed by a manually signed original thereof; provided that the failure to request
or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any document or signature delivered by telecopier.

Section 10.12Integration.
This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, comprises the complete and integrated agreement of the parties on the subject
matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, on such subject matter. In the event of any conflict
between the provisions of this Agreement and those of any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall control; provided
that the inclusion of supplemental rights or remedies in favor of the Agents or the Lenders in any other Loan Document shall not
be deemed a conflict of this Agreement. Each Loan Document was drafted with the joint participation of the respective parties thereto
and shall be construed neither against nor in favor of any party, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning thereof.

Section 10.13Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and
in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive
the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by each Agent and
each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by any Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that any Agent or
any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and
effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain
outstanding.

Section 10.14Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity
and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby.
The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
In the event of any such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability, the parties shall negotiate in good faith with a view to agreeing
on a legal, valid and enforceable replacement provision which, to the extent practicable, is in accordance with the intent and purposes
of this Agreement and in its economic effect comes as close as possible to the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision.

(220) 

Section 10.15GOVERNING
LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES, DISPUTES OR CAUSES OF ACTIONS (WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT OR TORT, IN LAW
OR EQUITY OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL, EXCEPT
AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN ANY COLLATERAL DOCUMENT, BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK.

(a)ANY
LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE
PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING
OR HEREAFTER ARISING AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF SUCH STATE, AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY
OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH LOAN PARTY, EACH AGENT AND EACH LENDER CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS AND AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE OR SUPPORT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANOTHER JURISDICTION. NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FOREGOING, NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT WILL PREVENT ANY LENDER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR THE COLLATERAL
AGENT FROM BRINGING ANY ACTION TO ENFORCE ANY AWARD OR JUDGMENT OR EXERCISE ANY RIGHT UNDER THE COLLATERAL DOCUMENTS OR AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL
OR ANY OTHER PROPERTY OF ANY LOAN PARTY IN ANY OTHER FORUM IN WHICH JURISDICTION CAN BE ESTABLISHED. EACH LOAN PARTY, EACH AGENT AND
EACH LENDER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON
CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF ANY
LOAN DOCUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT RELATED THERETO. EACH LOAN PARTY waives any immunity (sovereign
or otherwise) from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process to which you or your properties or assets may be entitled. To
the extent that ANY LOAN PARTY has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether
through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) with respect to itself
or its property, SUCH LOAN PARTY irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under the Loan Documents.

(b)EACH
PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER
AT LAW OR IN EQUITY) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES (OTHER THAN BY TELECOPIER OR
ELECTRONIC MAIL) IN SECTION 10.02. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY
HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. WITHOUT LIMITING THE OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 10.15
AND IN ADDITION TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS PROVIDED FOR HEREIN, THE LEAD BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY DESIGNATES, APPOINTS AND EMPOWERS
THE CO- BORROWER (AND THE CO- BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS SUCH APPOINTMENT), AS ITS AUTHORIZED DESIGNEE, APPOINTEE AND AGENT
TO RECEIVE, ACCEPT AND ACKNOWLEDGE FOR AND ON ITS BEHALF, AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL LEGAL PROCESS, SUMMONS,
NOTICES AND DOCUMENTS WHICH MAY BE SERVED IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. IF FOR ANY REASON THE CO- BORROWER SHALL CEASE TO BE
AVAILABLE TO ACT AS SUCH, THE LEAD BORROWER AGREES TO PROMPTLY DESIGNATE A NEW AUTHORIZED DESIGNEE, APPOINTEE AND AGENT IN NEW YORK CITY
ON THE TERMS AND FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS PROVISION REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

(221) 

Section 10.16WAIVER
OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY TO THIS
AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT
OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT,
OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER FOUNDED IN CONTRACT OR
TORT OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY; AND EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION
OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR
A COPY OF THIS SECTION 10.16 WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE SIGNATORIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF
THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

Section 10.17Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Loan
Parties and the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Lender, the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer that each such
Lender, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Loan Parties,
each Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns, in each case in accordance with Section 10.07 (if
applicable) and except that no Loan Party shall have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior
written consent of the Lenders.

Section 10.18USA
Patriot Act. Each Lender that is subject to the USA Patriot Act and the Administrative Agent
(for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Holdcos and each Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA
Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Holdcos and the Borrowers, which information
includes the Beneficial Ownership Certification and the name, address and tax identification number of the Holdcos and the Borrowers
and other information regarding the Holdcos and the Borrowers that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable,
to identify the Holdcos and the Borrowers in accordance with the USA Patriot Act. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements
of the USA Patriot Act and is effective as to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent.

Section 10.19No
Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. (a) In connection with all aspects of each transaction
contemplated hereby, each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that (i) the
facilities provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any
amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arms-length commercial transaction between
the Borrowers and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Agents, the Arrangers and the Lenders, on the other hand, and
the Borrowers are capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions
contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof), (ii) in
connection with the process leading to such transaction, each of the Agents, the Arrangers and the Lenders is and has been acting solely
as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Borrowers or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders,
creditors or employees or any other Person, (iii) none of the Agents, the Arrangers or the Lenders has assumed or will assume an
advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to any of the transactions
contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of
any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether any Agent or Lender has advised or is currently advising the Borrowers or any of its
Affiliates on other matters) and none of the Agents, the Arrangers or the Lenders has any obligation to the Borrowers or any of their
respective Affiliates with respect to the financing transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein
and in the other Loan Documents, (iv) the Agents, the Arrangers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in
a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from, and may conflict with, those of the Borrowers and their respective
Affiliates, and none of the Agents, the Arrangers or the Lenders has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any
advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship and (v) the Agents, the Arrangers and the Lenders have not provided and will not provide
any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment,
waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and the Loan Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory
and tax advisors to the extent they have deemed appropriate. Each Loan Party hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, any claims that it may have against the Agents, Arrangers and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency
or fiduciary duty under applicable law relating to agency and fiduciary obligations.

(222) 

(b)Each
Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that each Lender, Arranger and any affiliate thereof may lend money to, invest in, and generally engage
in any kind of business with, any of the Borrowers, the Holdcos, any Affiliate thereof or any other person or entity that may do business
with or own securities of any of the foregoing, all as if such Lender, Arranger or Affiliate thereof were not a Lender or Arranger (or
an agent or any other person with any similar role under the Facilities) and without any duty to account therefor to any other Lender
or any Arranger, Holdco, Borrower or Affiliate of the foregoing. Each Lender, the Arrangers and any affiliate thereof may accept fees
and other consideration from the Holdcos, the Borrowers or any Affiliate thereof for services in connection with this Agreement, the
Facilities or otherwise without having to account for the same to any other Lender or any Arranger, Holdco, Borrower or Affiliate of
the foregoing. Some or all of the Lenders and the Arrangers may have directly or indirectly acquired certain equity interests (including
warrants) in the Holdcos, the Borrowers or an Affiliate thereof or may have directly or indirectly extended credit on a subordinated
basis to the Holdcos, the Borrowers or an Affiliate thereof. Each party hereto, on its behalf and on behalf of its affiliates, acknowledges
and waives the potential conflict of interest resulting from any such Lender, Arranger or an Affiliate thereof holding disproportionate
interests in the extensions of credit under the Facilities or otherwise acting as arranger or agent thereunder and such Lender, Arranger
or Affiliate thereof directly or indirectly holding equity interests in or subordinated debt issued by the Holdcos, Borrowers or an Affiliate
thereof.

Section 10.20Judgment
Currency. If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert
a sum due hereunder or under any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at
which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency
on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Loan Parties in respect of any such sum due
from it to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in
a currency (the Judgment Currency) other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable
provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day
following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent may
in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement
Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent from the Loan Parties in the Agreement Currency,
the Loan Parties agree, jointly and severally, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative
Agent or the Person to whom such obligation was owing against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater
than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent in such currency, the Administrative Agent agrees to return the amount of any
excess to the respective Loan Party (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law).

(223) 

Section 10.21Certain
Undertakings with Respect to any Securitization Subsidiary. (a) Each Agent and Lender
agrees that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after payment in full of all of the obligations of the Securitization Subsidiary
in connection with and under a Securitization, (i) such Agent and such Lender shall not be entitled, whether before or after the
occurrence of any Event of Default, to (A) institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, any Securitization
Subsidiary any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding under the laws of the United States or any
State thereof, (B) transfer and register the capital stock of any Securitization Subsidiary or any other instrument evidencing any
Securitization Sellers Retained Interest in the name of any Agent or a Secured Party or any designee or nominee thereof, (C) foreclose
on any security interest in any Securitization Sellers Retained Interest regardless of the bankruptcy or insolvency of the Lead
Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (D) exercise any voting rights granted or appurtenant to such capital stock of any Securitization
Subsidiary or any other instrument evidencing any Securitization Sellers Retained Interest or (E) enforce any right that
the holder of any such capital stock of any Securitization Subsidiary or any other instrument evidencing any Securitization Sellers
Retained Interest might otherwise have to liquidate, consolidate, combine, collapse or disregard the entity status of such Securitization
Subsidiary, (ii) such Agent and such Lender hereby waives and releases any right to require (A) that any Securitization Subsidiary
be in any manner merged, combined, collapsed or consolidated with or into the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, including by
way of substantive consolidation in a bankruptcy case or (B) that the status of any Securitization Subsidiary as a separate entity
be in any respect disregarded and (iii) such Agent and such Lender agrees and acknowledges that the agent acting on behalf of the
holders of securitization indebtedness of the Securitization Subsidiary is an express third party beneficiary with respect to Sections
10.21(a) and (b) and such agent shall have the right to enforce compliance by the Agents and the Lenders with Sections
10.21(a) and (b).

(b)Upon
the transfer or purported transfer by the Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Securitization Assets to a Securitization Subsidiary
in a Securitization, any Liens with respect to such Securitization Assets arising under this Agreement or any Collateral Documents related
to the Agreement shall automatically be released (and each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as applicable, is hereby
authorized to execute and enter into any such releases and other documents as the Lead Borrower may reasonably request in order to give
effect thereto).

Section 10.22INTERCREDITOR
AGREEMENTS. (a) PURSUANT TO THE EXPRESS TERMS OF EACH INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT, IN
THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT OR INCONSISTENCY BETWEEN THE TERMS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE
PROVISIONS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN AND CONTROL.

(b)EACH
LENDER AUTHORIZES AND INSTRUCTS THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT TO ENTER INTO THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF SUCH LENDER,
AND TO TAKE ALL ACTIONS (AND EXECUTE ALL DOCUMENTS) REQUIRED (OR DEEMED ADVISABLE) BY IT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF SUCH INTERCREDITOR
AGREEMENT(S). EACH LENDER AGREES TO BE BOUND BY AND WILL TAKE NO ACTIONS CONTRARY TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT.

(224) 

(c)THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 10.22 ARE NOT INTENDED TO SUMMARIZE ALL RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT.
REFERENCE MUST BE MADE TO THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ITSELF TO UNDERSTAND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS THEREOF. EACH LENDER IS
RESPONSIBLE FOR MAKING ITS OWN ANALYSIS AND REVIEW OF THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS THEREOF, AND
NO AGENT (AND NONE OF ITS AFFILIATES) MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION TO ANY LENDER AS TO THE SUFFICIENCY OR ADVISABILITY OF THE PROVISIONS
CONTAINED IN THE RELEVANT INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT.

(d)THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 10.22 SHALL APPLY WITH EQUAL FORCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS, TO ANY FIRST LIEN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT,
ANY SECOND LIEN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT, ANY SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT OR ARRANGEMENT PERMITTED BY
THIS AGREEMENT.

Section 10.23Certain
ERISA Matters.

(a)Each
Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the
date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Lead
Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i)such
Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42)
of ERISA) of one or more Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments,

(ii)the
transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent
qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption
for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and
performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement,

(iii)(A) such
Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE
84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of
Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of
PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the
Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or

(iv)such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and
such Lender.

(225) 

(b)In
addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has
not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a),
such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants,
from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of,
the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit
of the Lead Borrower or any other Loan Party, that:

(i)none
of the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such
Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any
Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto),

(ii)the
Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of
and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21) and is
a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management or control,
total assets of at least $50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E),

(iii)the
Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of
and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general
and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Obligations),

(iv)the
Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of
and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect to the
Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder,
and

(v)no
fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers or any their respective Affiliates for
investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement.

(c)The
Administrative Agent and the Arrangers hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment
advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has
a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest
or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans
or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may
receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring
fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent
or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction
fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or
fees similar to the foregoing.

(226) 

Article XI

Guarantee

Section 11.01The
Guarantee. Each Guarantor hereby jointly and severally with the other Guarantors guarantees,
as a primary obligor and not as a surety to each Secured Party and their respective successors and assigns, the prompt payment in full
when due (whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, demand, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of
and interest (including any interest, fees (including, without limitation, the 2023
Yield Protection Fee, the 2025 Tranche A Yield Protection Fee and
the 2025 Tranche B Applicable Premium), costs or charges that would accrue but for the provisions of (i) the Title 11 of
the United States Code after any bankruptcy or insolvency petition under Title 11 of the United States Code and (ii) any other Debtor
Relief Laws) on the Loans made by the Lenders to, and the Notes held by each Lender of, the Borrowers, and all other Obligations (other
than, with respect to any Guarantor, any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor) from time to time owing to the Secured Parties
by any Loan Party (other than such Guarantor with respect to its primary obligations) under any Loan Document, any Secured Hedge Agreement
or any Treasury Services Agreement, in each case strictly in accordance with the terms thereof (such obligations being herein collectively
called the Guaranteed Obligations). The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that if the Borrowers or other
Guarantor(s) shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed
Obligations, the Guarantors will promptly pay the same in cash, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any
extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether
at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal.

Section 11.02Obligations
Unconditional. The obligations of the Guarantors under Section 11.01 shall constitute
a guaranty of payment and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, are absolute, irrevocable and unconditional, joint and several,
irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations of the Loan Parties under
this Agreement, the Notes, if any, any other Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or any
substitution, release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, irrespective of any
other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor (except
for payment in full in cash). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of
the following shall not alter or impair the liability of any Guarantor hereunder which shall remain absolute, irrevocable and unconditional
under any and all circumstances as described above:

(a)at
any time or from time to time, without notice to the Guarantors, to the extent permitted by Law, the time for any performance of or compliance
with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived;

(b)any
of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred
to herein or therein shall be done or omitted;

(c)the
maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be amended in any respect,
or any right under the Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be amended or waived in
any respect or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or except as permitted pursuant to Section 11.08,
any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with;

(d)any
Lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of, an L/C Issuer or any Lender or Agent as security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations
shall fail to be perfected; or

(227) 

(e)the
release of any other Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.16Section 11.15.

The Guarantors hereby expressly
waive diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and, to the extent permitted by Law, all notices whatsoever, and any requirement
that any Secured Party exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against the Borrowers under this Agreement, the Notes, if any, any
other Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or against any other person under any other guarantee
of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations. The Guarantors waive, to the extent permitted by Law, any and all notice of the
creation, renewal, extension, waiver, termination or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance
by any Secured Party upon this Guarantee or acceptance of this Guarantee, and the Guaranteed Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively
be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred in reliance upon this Guarantee, and all dealings between the Borrowers and the
Secured Parties shall likewise be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guarantee. This Guarantee
shall be construed as a continuing, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee of payment without regard to any right of offset
with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations at any time or from time to time held by Secured Parties, and the obligations and liabilities
of the Guarantors hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Secured Parties or any other person at any
time of any right or remedy against the Borrowers or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any
part of the Guaranteed Obligations or against any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto.
This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms upon the Guarantors
and the successors and assigns thereof, and shall inure to the benefit of the Lenders, and their respective successors and assigns, notwithstanding
that from time to time during the term of this Agreement there may be no Guaranteed Obligations outstanding.

Section 11.03Reinstatement.
The obligations of the Guarantors under this Article XI shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any
reason any payment by or on behalf of the Borrowers or other Loan Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must
be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization
or otherwise.

Section 11.04Subrogation;
Subordination. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that until the payment and satisfaction in full
in cash of all Guaranteed Obligations and the expiration and termination of the Commitments of the Lenders under this Agreement it shall
waive any claim and shall not exercise any right or remedy, direct or indirect, arising by reason of any performance by it of its guarantee
in Section 11.01, whether by subrogation or otherwise, against any Borrower or any other Guarantor of any of the Guaranteed
Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Any Indebtedness of any Loan Party permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(d) shall
be subordinated to such Loan Partys Obligations in the manner set forth in the Global Intercompany Note evidencing such Indebtedness.

Section 11.05Remedies.
The Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Guarantors and the Lenders, the obligations of the Borrowers under this
Agreement and the Notes, if any, may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Section 8.02 (and shall be
deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Section 8.02) for purposes of Section 11.01,
notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically
due and payable) as against the Borrowers and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become
automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by the Borrowers) shall forthwith become due and payable
by the Guarantors for purposes of Section 11.01.

(228) 

Section 11.06Instrument
for the Payment of Money. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this
Article XI constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that any Lender or Agent, at its sole
option, in the event of a dispute by such Guarantor in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to bring a motion-action
under New York CPLR Section 3213.

Section 11.07Continuing
Guarantee. The guarantee in this Article XI is a continuing guarantee of payment,
and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising.

Section 11.08General
Limitation on Guarantee Obligations. In any action or proceeding involving any state, provincial
or federal corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company law, or any applicable state, federal or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or other Law affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the obligations of any Guarantor under Section 11.01
would otherwise be held or determined to be void, voidable, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other
creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under Section 11.01, then, notwithstanding any other provision to the
contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Guarantor, any Loan Party or any other person, be automatically
limited and reduced to the highest amount (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 11.16)
that is valid and enforceable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding.

Section 11.09Specific
Limitation for Swiss Guarantors. (a) If and to the extent that (i) a Swiss Guarantor
becomes, under Section 11.01 or under any other provision of any Loan Document, any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Treasury
Services Agreement, liable for Guaranteed Obligations of its Affiliates (other than those of its direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiaries)
or otherwise obliged to grant economic benefits to its Affiliates (other than its direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiaries), including,
for the avoidance of doubt, any restrictions of such Swiss Guarantors rights of set-off and/or subrogation or its duties to subordinate
or waive claims and (ii) complying with such obligations would constitute a repayment of capital (Einlagerckgewhr),
a violation of the legally protected reserves (gesetzlich geschtzte Reserven) or the payment of a (constructive) dividend
(Gewinnausschttung) by such Swiss Guarantor or would otherwise be restricted under Swiss corporate law then applicable (the
Restricted Obligations), the aggregate liability of such Swiss Guarantor for Restricted Obligations shall be limited
to the amount available for distribution as dividends to the shareholders of such Swiss Guarantor at the time such Swiss Guarantor is
required to perform under any Loan Document, any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Treasury Services Agreement, provided that this
is a requirement under applicable Swiss law at that time and further provided that such limitation shall not discharge such Swiss
Guarantor from its obligations in excess thereof, but merely postpone the performance date therefore until such times as performance
is again permitted notwithstanding such limitation.

(b)In
respect of Restricted Obligations, each Swiss Guarantor shall:

(i)if
and to the extent required by applicable law in force at the relevant time use its best efforts to mitigate to the extent possible any
Swiss Withholding Tax obligations to be levied on the Restricted Obligations (and cause its parent and other relevant Affiliates to fully
cooperate in any mitigating efforts), in particular through the notification procedure, and promptly notify the Administrative Agent
thereof or, if such a notification procedure is not applicable:

(A)deduct
Swiss Withholding Tax at the rate of 35% (or such other rate as in force from time to time pursuant to, in particular, any applicable
double taxation treaty) from any payment made by it in respect of Restricted Obligations;

(B)pay
any such deduction to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration; and

(229) 

(C)notify
(and the Lead Borrower shall ensure that such Swiss Guarantor will notify) the Administrative Agent that such a deduction has been made
and provide the Administrative Agent with evidence that such a deduction has been paid to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration; and

(ii)to
the extent such a deduction is made, not be obliged to either gross-up payments and/or indemnify the Secured Parties in accordance with
Section 3.01 in relation to any such payment made by it in respect of Restricted Obligations unless grossing-up and/or indemnifying
is permitted under the laws of Switzerland then in force (it being understood that this shall not in any way limit any obligations of
any other Loan Party under any Loan Document, any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Treasury Services Agreement to indemnify the Secured
Parties in respect of the deduction of the Swiss Withholding Tax). Each Swiss Guarantor shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to ensure that any Person which is, as a result of a deduction of Swiss Withholding Tax, entitled to a full or partial refund of the
Swiss Withholding Tax, will, as soon as possible after the deduction of the Swiss Withholding Tax, (i) request a refund of the Swiss
Withholding Tax under any applicable law (including double tax treaties) and (ii) promptly upon receipt, pay to the Administrative
Agent (or to any such other Secured Party as directed by the Administrative Agent) any amount so refunded for application as a further
payment of such Swiss Guarantor under and pursuant to the relevant Loan Document, Secured Hedge Agreement and/or Treasury Services Agreement.

(c)If
and to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent and if and to the extent this is from time to time required under Swiss law (restricting
profit distributions), in order to allow the Secured Parties to obtain a maximum benefit under this Article XI, each Swiss
Guarantor shall, and any parent company of such Swiss Guarantor being a party to this Agreement shall procure that such Swiss Guarantor
will, promptly implement all such measures and/or promptly procure the fulfillment of all prerequisites allowing it to promptly make
the (requested) payment(s) hereunder from time to time, including the following:

(i)preparation
of an up-to-date audited balance sheet of such Swiss Guarantor;

(ii) confirmation
of the auditors of such Swiss Guarantor that the relevant amount represents (the maximum of) freely distributable profits and;

(iii)conversion
of restricted reserves into profits and reserves freely available for the distribution as dividends (to the extent permitted by mandatory
Swiss law);

(iv)revaluation
of hidden reserves (to the extent permitted by mandatory Swiss law);

(v)approval
by a shareholders meeting of such Swiss Guarantor of the (resulting) profit distribution; and

(vi)all
such other measures necessary or useful to allow such Swiss Guarantor to make the payments agreed hereunder with a minimum of limitations.

(230) 

Section 11.10Specific
Limitation for German Guarantors[Reserved].
(a) Scope. This Section 11.10shall only
apply if and to the extent (i) a German Guarantor guarantees the indebtedness of its direct or indirect shareholder(s) or of
a subsidiary of such shareholder; and (ii) the granting of the guarantee in this Article XIwould result in a liability of the managing directors of the relevant German Guarantor for breach of Section 30 of the GmbHG
on the date that Guarantor became a party to this Agreement.

(b) Exceptions.
In any event, the restrictions set out in this Section 11.10shall not apply to the extent:
(i) the German Guarantor guarantees any indebtedness of any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries; (ii) the German Guarantor
secures any indebtedness under any Loan Document in respect of (i) loans to the extent they are passed on (directly or indirectly)
to the relevant German Guarantor or its subsidiaries and such amount passed on is not repaid or (ii) outstanding bank guarantees
or letters of credit that are issued for the benefit of any of the creditors of the German Guarantor or the German Guarantors
subsidiaries; or (iii) any of the exceptions set out in Section 30 para. 1 sentence 2 GmbHG applies.

(c) Capital
Impairment. The parties to this Agreement agree that if a German Guarantor is able to demonstrate that the granting
of the guarantee in this Article XIby it (the German Guarantee)
had, on the date that such German Guarantor became a party to this Agreement, the effect of causing the amount of that German Guarantors
Net Assets to fall below the amount of its registered share capital (Stammkapital) (or increase an existing shortage of its registered
share capital) in violation of Section 30 GmbHG, (such event is hereinafter referred to as a Capital
Impairment), then the Loan Parties shall demand payment under the German Guarantee from such German Guarantor
only to the extent such Capital Impairment would not have occurred.

(d) Management
Notification and Auditors Determination.

(i) The
relevant German Guarantor will notify the Administrative Agent in writing in reasonable detail within fifteen (15) Business Days
of receiving notice from the Administrative Agent of the Administrative Agents intention to demand payment under the guarantee
in this Article XIwhether and to what extent a Capital Impairment occurred on the date
of the entry into this Agreement (the Management Notification). Demanding payment
under the guarantee in this Article XIfrom such German Guarantor up to the amount which,
according to the Management Notification, would not result in a Capital Impairment is permitted without limitation.

(ii) The
relevant German Guarantor will provide an auditors determination by the Auditors within thirty (30) Business Days from the
date on which the Collateral Agent received the Management Notification (the Auditors Determination).
Such Auditors Determination shall set out:

(A) the
amount of Net Assets of that German Guarantor taking into account the relevant adjustments, and

(B) the
extent of the Capital Impairment.

Demanding payment under the
German Guarantee from such German Guarantor up to the amount which, according to the Auditors Determination, did not result in
a Capital Impairment is permitted without limitation. The results of the Auditors Determination are, save for manifest errors,
binding on all parties.

(iii) If
the relevant German Guarantor does not provide the Management Notification or the Auditors Determination within the time frame
set out above, demanding payment under the German Guarantee shall not be limited by this Section 11.10.
In particular neither the Agent nor any Loan Party shall be obliged to make available to that German Guarantor any proceeds realized.

(231) 

(e) No
Waiver. This Section 11.10 shall not affect the enforceability (other
than as specifically set out herein), legality or validity of a German Guarantee and each Loan Party is entitled to claim in court that
the granting of and/or making payments under a German Guarantee by the relevant German Guarantor does not fall within the scope of Section 30
of the GmbHG. The Loan Parties rights to any remedies they may have against the relevant German Guarantor shall not be limited
if it is finally ascertained in court that Section 30 of the GmbHG did not apply. The agreement of the Loan Parties to abstain from
demanding any or part of the payment under a German Guarantee in accordance with the provisions above shall not constitute a waiver (Verzicht)
of any right granted under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the Agent or any Loan Party.

(f) GmbH &
Co KG. In the case of a limited partnership with a limited liability company as its general partner (GmbH & Co.
KG) the provisions under this Section 11.10shall apply mutatis mutandis and
all references to Capital Impairment and Net Assets shall be construed as a reference to capital impairment and net assets of the general
partner of such German Guarantor.

Section 11.11
. Specific Limitation for Hong Kong Guarantors.
The obligations under this Agreement (including but not limited to, any representation or covenant) of any Guarantor which is incorporated
under Hong Kong law shall not include any obligation which if incurred or made would constitute the provision of unlawful financial assistance
including within the meaning of Section 275 of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Kong until and unless any requirements
of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Kong have been complied with in relation to the provision of financial assistance constituted
by this Agreement with respect to such Guarantor.

Section 11.11Section 11.12
[Reserved].

Section 11.12Section 11.13
Specific Limitation for Luxembourg Guarantors.
(a) For the purpose of this Section 11.13:

(i)Luxembourg
Guarantor means a Guarantor incorporated in Luxembourg;

(ii)a
reference to a Luxembourg Guarantors Borrowings will be construed as a reference to the total amount of all Credit
Extensions (including for this purpose any accrued and unpaid interest, costs and fees in respect of such Credit Extensions) made
by that Luxembourg Guarantor under this Agreement;

(iii)a
reference to Subsidiaries Borrowings in respect of a Luxembourg Guarantor will be construed as a reference
to all Credit Extensions (including Credit Extensions under any accrued and unpaid interest, costs and fees in respect
of those Credit Extensions) made by the direct or indirect Subsidiaries of that Luxembourg Guarantor, including any amounts financed
directly or indirectly by a Luxembourg Guarantors Borrowings and on-lent to such Subsidiaries; and

(iv)Luxembourg
Guarantee Demand Date means the first date upon which a Loan Party makes written demand upon the relevant Luxembourg
Guarantor to make payment in respect of any Guaranteed Obligations.

(b)Unlawful
Financial Assistance. Without limiting any specific exemptions set out below:

(i)
no Guaranteed Obligations will extend to include any obligation or liability; and

(ii)no
security granted by a Luxembourg Guarantor will secure any Guaranteed Obligations,

in each case, if to do so would be unlawful financial
assistance in respect of the acquisition of shares in itself under Article 49-6 or would constitute a misuse of corporate assets
(abus de biens sociaux) as defined at Article 171-1 of the Luxembourg Act on commercial companies of 10 August 1915,
as amended.

(232) 

(c)Luxembourg
Guarantors. A Luxembourg Guarantors obligations is subject to the following guarantee limitation (or, in respect of any
future Luxembourg Guarantor, a guarantee limitation, which will be contained in any Guarantor Joinder (if applicable)) to this Agreement,
or in any other agreement or deed, under which that Luxembourg Guarantor becomes an additional Guarantor, substantially in the following
form:

(i)Notwithstanding
any other provision herein, the maximum amount payable by a Luxembourg Guarantor in respect of its Guaranteed Obligations shall
not, at any time, exceed the greater of:

(A)an
amount equal to 95% of that Luxembourg Guarantors net assets (capitaux propres), existing as at the date of this Agreement,
as shown in its most recently and duly approved financial statements (comptes annuels); and

(B)an
amount equal to 95% of that Luxembourg Guarantors net assets (capitaux propres), existing as at the Luxembourg Guarantee
Demand Date, as shown in its most recently and duly approved financial statements (comptes annuels).

For this purpose net assets
(capitaux propres) will be determined in accordance with annex to the grand-ducal regulation dated 18 December 2015
defining the form and content of the presentation of balance sheet and profit and loss account, and enforcing the Luxembourg Act of 19
December 2002 on the Register of Commerce and Companies, on accounting and on annual accounts of the companies.

(ii)The
limit in paragraph (i) above will not apply to any Guaranteed Obligations in respect of any Luxembourg Guarantors Borrowings
and to Subsidiaries Borrowings or any other liabilities of the Subsidiaries of the Luxembourg Guarantors under the Loan
Documents.

Section 11.13Section 11.14
Specific Limitation for Irish Guarantors.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, the obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor
incorporated in Ireland (an Irish Guarantor) under Section 11.01 shall not apply to the extent that
it would result in any such obligations or liabilities constituting unlawful financial assistance within the meaning of section 82 of
the Companies Act 2014 and obligations and liabilities arising from any Guaranty provided by any additional Irish Guarantor pursuant
to Section 6.11, shall be subject to the limitations set out in the Guarantor Joinder (as such terms of such joinder agreement
are reasonably agreed to by the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent) applicable to such additional Irish Guarantor pursuant
to Section 6.11.

Section 11.14Section 11.15
Release of Guarantors. If, in compliance
with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, (a) all or substantially all of the Equity Interests or property of such Guarantor
are sold or otherwise transferred to a person or persons, none of which is a Loan Party or (b) such Guarantor becomes an Immaterial
Subsidiary or an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a transaction or designation permitted hereunder (any such Guarantor referred to
in clauses (a) or (b), a Subject Guarantor), such Subject Guarantor shall, upon the consummation of such sale
or transfer or other transaction, be automatically released from its obligations under this Agreement and its obligations to pledge and
grant any Collateral owned by it pursuant to any Collateral Document and, in the case of a sale of all or substantially all of the Equity
Interests of the Subject Guarantor, the pledge of such Equity Interests to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents
shall be automatically released; provided that (i) the release of any Subject Guarantor that becomes an Excluded Subsidiary
of the type described in clause (a) of the definition thereof shall only be permitted if at the time such Subject Guarantor becomes
an Excluded Subsidiary of such type, (A) no Event of Default exists, (B) after giving pro forma effect to such release and
the consummation of the transaction that causes such Person to be an Excluded Subsidiary of such type, the Lead Borrower is deemed to
have made a new Investment in such Person for purposes of Section 7.06 (as if such Person were then newly acquired) in an
amount equal to the portion of the fair market value of the net assets of such Person attributable to the Loan Parties equity
interest therein as reasonably estimated by the Lead Borrower and such Investment is permitted pursuant to Section 7.06 (other
than pursuant to clause (i) of the definition of Permitted Investments herein) at such time and (C) a Responsible Officer of
the Lead Borrower certifies to the Administrative Agent compliance with preceding clauses (A) and (B) and (ii) no such
release shall occur if such Subject Guarantor continues to be a guarantor in respect of any Senior Notes, any Junior Financing, any Refinancing
Equivalent Debt or any Incremental Equivalent Debt or any Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof. So long as the Lead Borrower shall
have provided the Agents such certifications or documents as any Agent shall reasonably request, the Collateral Agent shall take such
actions as are necessary to effect each release described in this Section 11.15Section 11.14
in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Collateral Documents.

(233) 

When all Commitments hereunder
have terminated, and all Loans or other Obligations hereunder which are accrued and payable have been paid or satisfied, and no Letter
of Credit remains outstanding (except any Letter of Credit the Outstanding Amount of which the Obligations related thereto has been Cash
Collateralized or for which a backstop letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by a financial institution, reasonably satisfactory
to the applicable L/C Issuer has been put in place), this Agreement and the Guarantees made herein shall terminate with respect to all
Obligations, except with respect to Obligations that expressly survive such repayment pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Section 11.15Section 11.16
Right of Contribution. Each Guarantor
hereby agrees that to the extent that a Subsidiary Guarantor shall have paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder,
such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder
which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Subsidiary Guarantors right of contribution shall be subject
to the terms and conditions of Section 11.08. The provisions of this Section 11.16 shall in no respect limit
the obligations and liabilities of any Subsidiary Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, the Swing Line Lender and the
Lenders, and each Subsidiary Guarantor shall remain liable to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, the Swing Line Lender and the
Lenders for the full amount guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder.

Section 11.16Section 11.17
Keepwell. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor
hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally, and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be
needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of its obligations under this Guarantee in respect of any Swap Obligation
(provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 11.17Section 11.16
for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 11.17Section 11.16,
or otherwise under this Guarantee, voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for
any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 11.17Section 11.16
shall remain in full force and effect until the payment in full and discharge of the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Qualified ECP
Guarantor intends that this Section 11.17Section 11.16
constitute, and this Section 11.17Section 11.16
shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Guarantor for
all purposes of section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Section 11.17Section 11.18
Certain Dutch Guarantors. The obligations
under this Article XI of any Guarantor incorporated in The Netherlands shall not include any obligation which if incurred would
constitute the provision of unlawful financial assistance within the meaning of Section 2:98(c) of the Dutch Civil Code.

(234) 

Section 11.18Section 11.19
[Reserved]Specific
Limitations for Swedish Guarantors. Notwithstanding
anything set out to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the obligations and liabilities of any Swedish Guarantor
under this Agreement shall be limited, if (and only if) required by an application of the provisions of the Swedish Companies Act, as
amended, regulating prohibited loans and guarantees and distribution of assets and also taking into account any other security granted
and/or guarantee given by any Swedish Guarantor subject to the corresponding limitation, and it is understood that the obligations of
any Swedish Guarantor for such obligations and liabilities under this Agreement shall apply only to the extent permitted by the abovementioned
provisions as applied together with other applicable provisions of the Swedish Companies Act, and any guarantee provided by any Swedish
Guarantor hereunder shall be limited in accordance herewith.

Section 11.19Section 11.20
Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such
parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liabilities of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to
the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority
and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)
the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an the applicable
Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected
Financial Institution; and

(b)the
effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other
instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any
other Loan Document; or

(iii)the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority.

As used in this Section 11.19,
the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below.

(a)Affected
Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

(b)Bail-In
Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any
liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

(c)Bail-In
Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the
European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA
Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom,
Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable
in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their
affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

(d)Resolution
Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

(235) 

(e)UK
Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time)
promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended
from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment
firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

(f)UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution
of any UK Financial Institution.

(g)Write-Down
and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such
EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and
conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of
the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any
UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into
shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect
as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In
Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

Section 11.20Specific
Limitations for Finnish Guarantors. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the obligations and liabilities of each Guarantor incorporated under the laws
of Finland shall be limited if, and only to the extent, required by the mandatory provisions of the Finnish Companies Act (Fi: osakeyhtilaki
624/2006, as amended, the Finnish Companies Act) regulating (i) unlawful financial assistance, as provided in
Chapter 13, Section 10 of the Finnish Companies Act or (ii) distribution of assets, as provided in Chapter 13, Section 1
of the Finnish Companies Act.

(236) 

EXHIBIT B

(See attached.)

EXHIBIT B: Form of Acknowledgement
and Confirmation

ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CONFIRMATION

January 17, 2025

1.Reference
is made to the 2025 Incremental Amendment dated as of January 17, 2025 (the 2025 Incremental Amendment) to
the Credit Agreement dated as of September 6, 2017 (as amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time
prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement) among TRINSEO LUXCO S. R.L., a private limited liability
company (socit responsabilit limite), organized and established under the laws of the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered
with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (RCS) under number B153577, TRINSEO HOLDING S. R.L.,
a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite), organized and established
under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg, registered with the RCS under number B153582, acting by its general partner, Holdings, TRINSEO MATERIALS FINANCE, INC.,
a Delaware corporation, as Co-Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto from time to time, Lenders party thereto from time to time and DEUTSCHE
BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, and each of the other Persons party
thereto. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement or 2025 Incremental
Amendment, as applicable.

2.Certain
provisions of the Credit Agreement are being amended and/or modified pursuant to the 2025 Incremental Amendment. Each of the parties
hereto hereby agrees that, with respect to each Loan Document to which it is a party, after giving effect to the 2025 Incremental Amendment:

(a)all
of its obligations (including all obligations under the Guaranty), liabilities and indebtedness under such Loan Document, including guarantee
obligations, shall remain in full force and effect on a continuous basis (including with respect to the 2025 Incremental Term Loans);

(b)all
of the Liens and security interests created and arising under such Loan Document remain in full force and effect on a continuous basis,
and the perfected status and priority to the extent provided for in Section 5.18 of the Credit Agreement of each such Lien and security
interest continues in full force and effect on a continuous basis, unimpaired, uninterrupted and undischarged as collateral security
for the applicable Obligations (including with respect to the 2025 Incremental Term Loans);

(c)all
liabilities and obligations arising under the Credit Agreement as amended pursuant to the 2025 Incremental Amendment shall form part
of (but do not limit) the Secured Obligations (as applicable) as defined in each Collateral Document to which it is a party
(including by incorporation); and

(d)it
only wishes to amend its rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement in accordance with the terms of the 2025 Incremental Amendment
and that they do not wish to novate and/release any of their rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement.

3.All
clauses, terms, representations and conditions of the Collateral Documents shall remain in full force and effect and shall continue to
secure any and all present and future obligations and liabilities under the Loan Documents.

4.The
security interests granted under the Collateral Documents shall be preserved and remain in full force and effect, as security over the
collateral respectively secured therein, in accordance with its terms. Neither the rights and obligations of the pledgor under the Collateral
Documents nor the rights, powers and remedies conferred upon the Collateral Agent by the Collateral Documents or by law, nor the pledges
(as referred to therein) created thereby shall be discharged, released, impaired or otherwise affected by the 2025 Incremental Amendment.

5.Each
Guarantor party hereto consents to the terms and conditions of the 2025 Incremental Amendment, including the incurrence of the 2025 Incremental
Term Loans contemplated thereby, and agrees that each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Loan Documents shall, on and after the
Seventh Amendment Effective Date, be deemed to be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended by the 2025 Incremental Amendment.

6.THIS
ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CONFIRMATION SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. The provisions
of Sections 10.15 and 10.16 of the Credit Agreement as amended, are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis.

7.This
Acknowledgment and Confirmation may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which, when
taken together, shall constitute one agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Acknowledgment and
Confirmation by facsimile transmission or by .pdf or similar electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of
a manually executed counterpart hereof. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery,
and words of like import in this Acknowledgment and Confirmation shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records,
each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof
or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including
the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any
other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

[Remainder of page intentionally left
blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Acknowledgment and Confirmation to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers
as of the day and year first above written.

TRINSEO LUXCO S. R.L.,

acting
by its general partner, TRINSEO PLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRINSEO HOLDING S. R.L.

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRINSEO MATERIALS FINANCE, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

GUARANTORS: 

TRINSEO LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRINSEO US HOLDING, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRINSEO (HONG KONG) LIMITED

Executed and Delivered as a DEED by

TRINSEO (HONG
KONG) Limited

Acting by:

Name: 

Title: Director

Name: 

Title: Director

Executed and Delivered
as a Deed for and on behalf of

TRINSEO HOLDINGS ASIA PTE. LTD.

By: 

Name:

Title: Director 

By: 

Name:

Title: Director

SIGNED and DELIVERED as a DEED for and
on behalf of

TRINSEO FINANCE IRELAND UNLIMITED COMPANY by its lawfully appointed attorney

By: 

under a power of attorney dated _______

in the presence of:

(Attorneys signature)

(Witness signature)

(Witness name)

(Witness address)

(Witness occupation)

SIGNED and DELIVERED as a DEED for and on
behalf of TRINSEO IRELAND HOLDINGS LIMITED by its lawfully appointed attorney

By: 

under a power of attorney dated _______

in the presence of:

(Attorneys signature)

(Witness signature)

(Witness name)

(Witness address)

(Witness occupation)

SIGNED and DELIVERED as a DEED for and on
behalf of TRINSEO IRELAND GLOBAL IHB LIMITED by its lawfully appointed attorney

By: 

under a power of attorney dated _______

in the presence of:

(Attorneys signature)

(Witness signature)

(Witness name)

(Witness address)

(Witness occupation)

SIGNED and DELIVERED as a DEED for and on
behalf of TRINSEO SERVICES IRELAND LIMITED by its lawfully appointed attorney

By: 

under a power of attorney dated _______

in the presence of:

(Attorneys signature)

(Witness signature)

(Witness name)

(Witness address)

(Witness occupation)

TRINSEO EUROPE GMBH

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRINSEO EXPORT GMBH

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRINSEO NETHERLANDS B.V.

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRINSEO HOLDING B.V.

By: 

Name:

Title:

HEATHLAND B.V.

By: 

Name:

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm253651d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

THIRD AMENDMENT

TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

This THIRD AMENDMENT TO
CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is dated as of January 17, 2025, and is by and among TRINSEO
PLC, an Irish public limited company (Parent), TRINSEO NA FINANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (Holdings), TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV S. R.L., a private limited liability company
(socit responsabilit limite), incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg,
having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, registered with the R.C.S. Luxembourg under number B279526 (the
Lead Borrower), TRINSEO NA FINANCE SPV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Co-Borrower
and, together with the Lead Borrower, collectively, the Borrowers and each, a Borrower),
the Lenders identified on the signature pages hereof (constituting all Lenders under the Credit Agreement) and ALTER DOMUS (US)
LLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (in such capacities, the Administrative Agent).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the Borrowers, TRINSEO LUXCO S.
R.L., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite), incorporated and
existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, registered with the R.C.S.
Luxembourg under number B153577, as predecessor to Parent, Holdings, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative
Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2023 (as amended by that certain First Amendment dated
as of January 26, 2024, that certain Second Amendment dated as of December 12, 2024 (the Second Amendment)
and as may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing
Credit Agreement and as may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, including pursuant to this Amendment, the Credit Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Loan Parties
have requested that the Lenders agree to amend the Existing Credit Agreement to, among other things, (a) establish the Tranche C
Term Loan Commitments, (b) consent to the Third Amendment Transactions and (c) make certain other amendments thereto, in each
case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, the Loan Parties,
the Lenders constituting all Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement and the Administrative Agent have agreed to amend the Existing
Credit Agreement to, among other things, (a) establish the Tranche C Term Loan Commitments, (b) consent to the Third Amendment
Transactions and (c) make certain other amendments thereto, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt
of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01 Defined
Terms. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein (including in the preamble and the recitals hereto) have the meanings
assigned to them in the Credit Agreement.

SECTION 1.02 Other
Interpretive Provisions. The rules of construction in Article I of the Credit Agreement shall be equally applicable
to this Amendment.

ARTICLE II

AMENDMENTS

SECTION 2.01 Credit
Agreement Amendments. Each of the parties hereto agrees that, effective as of the Third Amendment Effective Date (as defined below)
and subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions set forth herein, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended as follows:

(a) The
Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto, such that all of the newly inserted
double-underlined provisions therein (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined
text and double-underlined text) shall be deemed to be inserted
and all of the stricken text therein (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken
text and stricken text) shall be deemed to be deleted therefrom.

(b) Schedule
1.01C of the Existing Credit agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Exhibit B hereto.

(c) A new Schedule 1.01D, Schedule 1.01E, Schedule 5.15, Schedule 7.01(k), Schedule 7.03(j) and
Schedule 7.08, in each case, as set forth on Exhibit C hereto, shall be added to the Credit Agreement.

SECTION 2.02 No
Novation. The execution and delivery of this Amendment shall not constitute a novation or termination of the Existing Credit Agreement
or of the credit facility or any other Loan Document thereunder or in respect thereof, except as provided herein.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

In order to induce the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders party hereto to enter into this Amendment, each Loan Party party hereto hereby represents to the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders as of the date hereof as follows:

SECTION 3.01 Authorization.
Such Loan Party is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Amendment and is duly authorized to perform its obligations under the Credit
Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the consummation of the Third Amendment
Transactions.

- 2 -

SECTION 3.02 No
Contravention. The execution and delivery of this Amendment and the consummation of the Third Amendment Transactions by such Loan
Party does not and will not (i) contravene the terms of the Organization Documents of such Loan Party; (ii) conflict with or
result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien (other than as permitted by Section 7.01 of the Credit Agreement)
under (x) any Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party or (y) any material order, injunction, writ or decree
of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Loan Party or its property is subject; or (iii) violate any applicable
Law; in the case of the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii), except to the extent such conflict, breach, violation or contravention
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.03 Binding
Effect. This Amendment is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance
with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other similar
Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect relating to or affecting the rights and remedies
of creditors generally or by general equitable principles.

ARTICLE IV

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

SECTION 4.01 Conditions
to Effectiveness. This Amendment, including the amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement set forth in Section 2.01
hereof, shall become effective on the first date each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied (or waived by the Lenders),
in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (such date, the Third Amendment Effective
Date):

(a) The
Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received, each dated as of the date hereof unless otherwise indicated, and in each case,
in form and substance acceptable to the Lenders, the following documents:

(i) a counterpart signature page of this Amendment executed by each Loan Party, the Administrative Agent
and the Lenders constituting all Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, each of which shall
be originals, facsimiles or other electronic transmission unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by the applicable Persons
specified below;

(ii) a Committed Loan Notice in respect of the Tranche C Term Loans;

(iii) an Amended and Restated U.S. Security Agreement For Foreign Guarantors, executed and delivered by a Responsible
Officer of each of Parent, the Lead Borrower and each Foreign Guarantor under the Credit Agreement;

- 3 -

(iv) a solvency certificate from the chief financial officer of Parent, or, if no chief financial officer has
been appointed, from a Responsible Officer of Parent, in the form of Exhibit G attached to the Credit Agreement;

(v) to the extent requested by a Lender, a Term Note executed by the Borrowers in favor of each Lender in
respect of the Tranche C Term Loans, in each case in the amount, maturity and as otherwise provided herein;

(vi) a duly executed copy of the Amended & Restated Pledge and Security Agreement;

(vii) a duly executed copy of the Amended & Restated Foreign Guaranty;

(viii) [reserved];

(ix) a duly executed copy of the 2025 Incremental Amendment;

(x) duly executed copies of the Second Lien Notes Indenture, the Second Lien Collateral Documents and the
Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement;

(xi) a duly executed copies of the Super-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement and the 2025 Intercreditor Agreement;

(xii) [reserved];

- 4 -

(xiii) (i) either (x) a copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation, articles of association
(statuts) or equivalent organizational document, including all amendments thereto, of each Loan Party, certified as of a recent
date by the Secretary of State of the state of its organization (where relevant) or by the Luxembourg Companies Register with respect
to the Luxembourg Loan Parties or by the Irish Companies Registration Office with respect to Parent or as retrieved from the electronic
commercial register with respect to each German Loan Party or (y) confirmation from such Loan Party that there has been no change
to such organizational documents since last delivered to the Administrative Agent, (ii) a certificate of the secretary, an authorized
representative, manager, assistant secretary, director or managing director (as applicable) of each Loan Party or a director in the case
of Parent, dated the Third Amendment Effective Date and certifying (A) that (x) attached thereto is a true and complete copy
of the certificate of incorporation (and, where applicable, certificate of change of name), by-laws, articles of association or operating,
management, partnership or similar agreement of such Loan Party as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date and at all times since
a date prior to the date of the resolutions described in clause (B) below or (y) there has been no change to such governing
documents since last delivered to the Administrative Agent, (B) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions
duly adopted by the board of directors or managers, general meeting of the shareholders or other equivalent governing body of such Loan
Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment, as applicable, the Acknowledgment and Confirmation delivered
pursuant to clause (a)(iii) above, as applicable, and the other Collateral Documents, in each case, to which it is a party, authorizing
a specified person or persons, on its behalf, to execute this Amendment, the Acknowledgment and Confirmation and the Collateral Documents
to which it is a party, and to sign and/or dispatch all documents and notices to be signed and/or dispatched by it under or in connection
therewith and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect (as applicable), (C) that
any attached certificate or articles of incorporation, equivalent organizational document, by-laws, operating, management, partnership
or similar agreement of such Loan Party has not been amended (in the case of the articles of incorporation of each such Loan Party, since
the date of the last amendment thereto shown on the certificate of good standing furnished pursuant to clause (E) below), (D) as
to the incumbency (where applicable) and specimen signature of each officer or authorized signatory executing this Amendment, the Acknowledgment
and Confirmation and the Collateral Documents to which it is a party or any other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf
of such Loan Party, (E) good standing certificates, business registration certificates or registrars (or, in each case, its equivalent)
for each Loan Party from the jurisdiction in which it is organized (as applicable in the relevant jurisdiction except for the Luxembourg
Loan Parties and Parent), each dated a recent date prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date; (F) for Luxembourg Loan Parties (i) that
each such Luxembourg Loan Party is not subject to nor, as applicable, does it meet or threaten to meet the criteria of bankruptcy (faillite),
insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation volontaire ou judiciaire), composition with creditors (concordat
prventif de la faillite), controlled management (gestion contrle), administrative dissolution without
liquidation (dissolution administrative sans liquidation), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), out-of-court mutual
agreement (rorganisation extra-judiciaire par accord amiable), judicial reorganisation in the form of a stay to enter into
a mutual agreement (sursis en vue de la conclusion dun accord amiable), judicial reorganisation by collective agreement
(rorganisation judiciaire par accord collectif), judicial reorganisation by transfer of assets or activities (rorganisation
judiciaire par transfert sous autorit de justice), conciliation (conciliation) or protective measures (mesures en
vue de prserver les enterprises), general settlement with creditors, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of
creditors generally in Luxembourg or abroad, or any analogous procedure in any jurisdiction, nor subject to any proceedings under the
Insolvency Regulation, no application has been made or is to be made by its managers or, as far as it is aware, by any other person for
the appointment of a commissaire, juge-commissaire, liquidateur, curateur, mandataire de justice, conciliateur, or similar officer
pursuant to any voluntary or judicial insolvency, winding-up, judicial reorganization, liquidation or similar proceedings, it is not in
a cessation of payments (cessation de paiements) and has not lost its creditworthiness (branlement de crdit),
(ii) a certificate of non-inscription of judicial decisions or of administrative dissolution without liquidation (certificat de
non-inscription dune dcision judiciaire ou de dissolution administrative sans liquidation) issued by the Luxembourg
Insolvency Register (Registre de linsolvabilit) held and maintained with the Luxembourg Companies Register in relation
to the Luxembourg Loan Parties dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, (iii) an excerpt (extrait) from the Luxembourg
Companies Register pertaining to the Luxembourg Loan Parties dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, (iv) it complies with
the Luxembourg legislation and regulations on the domiciliation of companies, and in particular with the Luxembourg Act dated 31 May 1999
on the domiciliation of companies, as amended from time to time, (v) that each copy document relating to it specified in this paragraph
(xiii) is correct, complete and in full force and effect as at the a date no earlier than the Third Amendment Effective Date; and
(G) for Parent, (i) that securing or guaranteeing the Aggregate Commitments will not cause any security, guarantee or similar
limit binding on Parent to be exceeded, (ii) that each copy document relating to it specified in this Article IV (Conditions
Precedent) is correct, complete and in full force and effect as at a date no earlier than the Third Amendment Effective Date, and (iii) a
solvency certificate in a form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;

- 5 -

(xiv) intellectual property security agreements with respect to the Specified IP in proper form for filing with
the United States Patent and Trademark Office; and

(xv) a customary opinion from each of (i) Ropes & Gray LLP, as New York counsel
for the Loan Parties, (ii) Stites & Harbison PLLC, as Kentucky counsel for Aristech, (iii) Loyens & Loeff
N.V., as Luxembourg counsel for certain of the Loan Parties, (iv) [reserved], (v) NautaDutilh Avocats Luxembourg
S. r.l., as Luxembourg counsel to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, (vi) Arthur Cox LLP, as Irish counsel for
the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, (vii) Paul Hastings (Europe) LLP, as German counsel for the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent and (viii) Reed Smith LLP, as German counsel for the German Loan Parties, in each case, reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto.

(b) all
fees and expenses required to be paid by (or on behalf of) the Borrowers to the Administrative Agent (including the reasonable and documented
fees and expenses of Paul Hastings LLP as counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) and the Lenders party hereto with respect
to the transactions and amendments contemplated by this Amendment on or before the Third Amendment Effective Date pursuant to any written
agreement with the Borrowers shall have been (or shall substantially contemporaneously be) paid in full in cash;

(c) the
representations and warranties of the Borrowers and each other Loan Party contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement,
in each other Loan Document and in Article III hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Third Amendment
Effective Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall
be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date;

(d) immediately
after giving effect to the Third Amendment Transactions, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

- 6 -

(e) on
or before the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) evidence satisfactory to the Required
Lenders that each of Aristech and Altuglas have each been designated by the Board of Directors of the Trinseo Lead Borrower as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary for purposes of, in accordance with and pursuant to the Trinseo Credit Agreement, the 2029 Senior Notes and the Super-Priority
Revolving Credit Agreement, respectively and (ii) lien, security interest and guarantee release documentation (including UCC-3 termination
statements) with respect to Aristech and Altuglas under the Trinseo Credit Agreement and 2029 Senior Notes, as applicable, in each case
in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders and (iii) intellectual property security
interest releases with respect to the Specified IP under the Trinseo Credit Agreement, in each case in form and substance satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders;

(f) (i) 
the Lenders shall have received the results of (x) Uniform Commercial Code lien searches and (y) judgment and tax lien searches
and other customary searches, made with respect to the Domestic Loan Parties (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Aristech and Altuglas)
in the states or other jurisdictions of formation of such Person and with respect to such other locations and names listed on the Perfection
Certificate, together with (in the case of clause (x)) copies of the financing statements (or similar documents) disclosed by such
search and (ii) documents and instruments to be recorded, filed or stamped (including the UCC financial statements) that the Collateral
Agent and the Lenders may deem reasonably necessary to satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

The Administrative Agents
delivery to the Borrowers of a copy of this Amendment executed by all necessary parties described in Section 4.01(a)(i) shall
be deemed evidence that the Third Amendment Effective Date has occurred.

ARTICLE V

JOINDER OF ARISTECH AND ALTUGLAS

SECTION 5.01 Joinder.
Pursuant to Section 6.14 of the Credit Agreement, each of Aristech and Altuglas hereby:

(a) agrees that upon the occurrence of the Third Amendment Effective Date, Aristech and Altuglas shall each
become party to and a Guarantor under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as applicable, and agrees to be bound by all
of the terms thereby;

(b) agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally guaranty the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated
maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, demand, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest (including any interest,
fees, Make-Whole Amount, Applicable Sale Premium, Applicable Prepayment Premium, costs or charges that would accrue but for the provisions
of (i) the Title 11 of the United States Code after any bankruptcy or insolvency petition under Title 11 of the United States Code
and (ii) any other Debtor Relief Laws) of all Obligations from time to time owing to the Secured Parties by any Loan Party under
any Loan Document strictly in accordance with the terms thereof, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth
in Article XI of the Credit Agreement;

(c) represents and warrants that the each of the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement
and applicable to Aristech and Altuglas, as applicable, is true and correct in all material respects both before and after giving effect
to this Article V, except to the extent that any such representation and warranty relates solely to any earlier date, in which
case such representation and warranty is true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; and

- 7 -

(d) agree to take, from time to time and upon reasonable request of Administrative Agent, such additional
actions and to execute and deliver such additional documents and instruments as Administrative Agent may reasonably request to effect
the transactions contemplated by, and to carry out the intent of, this Article V.

ARTICLE VI

CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT

SECTION 6.01 Post-Closing
Actions. The Loan Parties shall complete each of the actions described on Exhibit D attached hereto as soon as commercially
reasonable and no later than the date set forth on Exhibit D with respect to such action or such later date as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably agree. It is understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything in the Credit Agreement to the contrary, the failure
of the Loan Parties to comply with the provisions of this Section 6.01 shall result in an immediate Event of Default under the
Credit Agreement.

ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 7.01 Governing
Law. This Amendment is governed by, and is to be construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York and shall be
further subject to the provisions of Sections 10.15 and 10.16 of the Credit Agreement, mutatis mutandis. Each provision of this
Amendment is severable from every other provision of this Amendment for the purpose of determining the legal enforceability of any specific
provision.

SECTION 7.02 Binding
Effect. On and after the Third Amendment Effective Date, this Amendment shall bind the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, each
Loan Party and their respective successors and assigns, and will inure to the benefit of Administrative Agent, the Lenders and each Loan
Party and their respective successors and assigns.

SECTION 7.03 Ratification.
Each Loan Party, by execution of this Amendment, hereby reaffirms, assumes, and binds itself to all applicable obligations, duties, rights,
covenants, terms, and conditions that are contained in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including the granting of any
Liens for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and the Collateral Documents as amended on or around the date hereof
as contemplated by this Amendment).

SECTION 7.04 Loan
Document; Expenses. This Amendment is a Loan Document. The Borrowers acknowledge that Administrative Agents reasonable
and documented or invoiced out-of-pocket expenses (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other
charges of one primary external counsel) incurred in connection with this Amendment shall be paid by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 10.04
of the Credit Agreement.

SECTION 7.05 Counterparts;
Execution. The parties may sign this Amendment in several counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all
of which together will constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile
or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.

SECTION 7.06 Further
Assurances. Each of the parties to this Amendment agrees that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any
other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably
request in order to effect the purposes of this Amendment.

- 8 -

SECTION 7.07 No
Waivers. Except as expressly set forth herein, the amendments provided herein shall not by implication or otherwise limit, constitute
a waiver of, or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement or any
other Loan Document, nor shall they constitute a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, nor shall they alter, modify, amend or in
any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Loan Documents. Except as expressly
amended herein, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions
thereof. As used in the Credit Agreement, the terms Agreement, herein, hereinafter, hereunder,
hereto and words of similar import shall mean, from and after the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement as amended
hereby and as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time hereafter in accordance with its terms.

SECTION 7.08 Section Captions.
Section captions used in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only, and shall not affect the construction of this Amendment.

SECTION 7.09Lender
Direction. Each Lender, by their execution hereof, hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver
this Amendment and the Collateral Documents and the Super Holdco Side Letter (as defined in Schedule 1.01C to the Credit Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit
B) required to be entered in connection with the Third Amendment Transactions on the date hereof.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank;
signature pages follow.]

- 9 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the date
first above written.

Trinseo
NA Finance LLC,

as Holdings

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV S. R.L.,

as Lead Borrower

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Manager

Trinseo NA Finance
SPV LLC,

as Co-Borrower

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

TRINSEO PLC

as Parent

By: /s/ Frank Bozich

Name: Frank Bozich

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Third Amendment to Credit
Agreement]

ARISTECH
SURFACES LLC

as a Guarantor

By: /s/
David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Chief Financial Officer

ALTUGLAS
LLC

as a Guarantor

By: /s/ David Stasse

Name: David Stasse

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Third Amendment to Credit
Agreement]

ALTER DOMUS (US) LLC,

as Administrative Agent

By: /s/
Matthew Trybula

Name: Matthew Trybula

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Lender Signatures on file with
Administrative Agent]

[Signature Page to Third Amendment to Credit
Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

Amended Credit Amendment

[See attached]

Execution Version

Conformed
through SecondThirdAmendment
to Credit Agreement

CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of September 8, 2023,

as
amended as of January 26, 2024

as
further amended as of December 12, 2024, and

as
further amended as of January 17, 2025

among

TRINSEO PLC,

as Successor Parent,

TRINSEO LUXCO S. R.L.,

as Trinseo LuxCo,

Trinseo
NA Finance LLC,

as Holdings,

TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV S. R.L.,

as the Lead Borrower,

Trinseo
NA Finance SPV LLC,

as the Co-Borrower,

THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO FROM TIME TO TIME,

THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO FROM TIME TO TIME,

and

ALTER DOMUS (US) LLC,

as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent

Table of Contents

Page

Article I Definitions and Accounting Terms 21

Section 1.01 Defined Terms 21

Section 1.02 Luxembourg Terms 3747

Section 1.03 Reserved 3848

Section 1.04 Other Interpretive Provisions 3848

Section 1.05 Accounting Terms 3949

Section 1.06 Rounding 3949

Section 1.07 References to Agreements, Laws, Etc 3949

Section 1.08 Times of Day 3950

Section 1.09 Timing of Payment of Performance 3950

Section 1.10 Reserved 3950

Section 1.11 Currency Equivalents 3950

Section 1.12 Reserved 40

2025 Transactions 50

Section 1.13 Reserved 4050

Section 1.14 Reserved 4050

Section 1.15 Rates 4050

Article II The Commitments and Credit Extensions 4051

Section 2.01 Term Loans 4051

Section 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 4151

Section 2.03 Reserved 4253

Section 2.04 Reserved 4253

Section 2.05 Prepayments 4253

Section 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 4758

Section 2.07 Repayment of Loans 4758

Section 2.08 Interest 4758

Section 2.09 Fees 4859

Section 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 4860

Section 2.11 Evidence of Indebtedness 4960

Section 2.12 Payments Generally 4961

Section 2.13 Sharing of Payments 5162

Section 2.14 Reserved. 5263

Section 2.15 Reserved. 5263

Section 2.16 Incremental Credit Extensions 52

Reserved. 63

Section 2.17 Reserved 5363

Section 2.18 Reserved 5364

Section 2.19 Defaulting Lenders 5364

Section 2.20 Borrower Obligations Joint and Several 5464

Section 2.21 Benchmark Replacement Setting 5565

Section 2.22 Tax Treatment 5667

Article III Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality 5767

Section 3.01 Taxes 5767

(i)

Section 3.02 Illegality 6172

Section 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 6272

Section 3.04 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy 6273

Section 3.05 Funding Losses 6374

Section 3.06 Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation 6474

Section 3.07 Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances 6575

Section 3.08 Survival 6676

Article IV Conditions Precedent to Credit Extensions 6677

Section 4.01 Conditions Precedent to Funding of Tranche A Term Loans 6677

Section 4.02 Conditions Precedent to Funding of Tranche B Term Loans 6979

Section 4.03 All Credit Events 6980

Article V Representations and Warranties 7081

Section 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws 7081

Section 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention 7081

Section 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 7181

Section 5.04 Binding Effect 7182

Section 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 7282

Section 5.06 Litigation 7282

Section 5.07 Ownership of Property; Liens 7282

Section 5.08 Environmental Matters 7283

Section 5.09 Taxes 7383

Section 5.10 ERISA Compliance 7383

Section 5.11 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests 7384

Section 5.12 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 7484

Section 5.13 Disclosure 7484

Section 5.14 Designation 7485

Section 5.15 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc 7485

Section 5.16 Solvency 7485

Section 5.17 Subordination of Junior Financing 7585

Section 5.18 Collateral Documents; Valid Liens 7585

Section 5.19 Centre of Main Interest 7586

Section 5.20 Pensions Act 7586

Section 5.21 Reserved 7586

Section 5.22 USA Patriot Act, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions 7586

Section 5.23 Luxembourg Specific Representations 7687

Section 5.24 No Public Financial Support in Connection with the Covid-19 Pandemic.. 87

Article VI Affirmative Covenants 7687

Section 6.01 Financial Statements 7687

Section 6.02 Certificates; Other Information 7889

Section 6.03 Notices 7889

Section 6.04 Payment of Taxes 7990

Section 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc 7990

Section 6.06 Maintenance of Properties 7990

Section 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance 7991

(ii)

Section 6.08 Compliance with Laws 8091

Section 6.09 Books and Records 8091

Section 6.10 Inspection Rights 8091

Section 6.11 Additional Collateral 8192

Section 6.12 Reserved 8192

Section 6.13 Reserved 8192

Section 6.14 Further Assurances 8192

Section 6.15 Reserved 8193

Section 6.16 Reserved 8193

Section 6.17 Use of Proceeds 8193

Section 6.18 Post-Closing Actions 8193

Section 6.19 Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws 8293

Section 6.20 Maintenance of Ratings 8293

Section 6.21 Certification under Trinseo Credit Agreement 8294

Article VII Negative Covenants 8294

Section 7.01 Liens 8294

Section 7.02 Subsidiaries 8398

Section 7.03 Indebtedness 8398

Section 7.04 Fundamental Changes 84101

Section 7.05 Dispositions 84101

Section 7.06 Restricted Payments 84103

Section 7.07 Certain Undertakings Relating to Separateness 85104

Section 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates 87106

Section 7.09 Burdensome Agreements 87107

Section 7.10 Americas Styrenics 87107

Section 7.11 Trinseo Credit Agreement 88107

Section 7.12 Accounting Changes 88107

Section 7.13 Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness. 88108

Section 7.14 Specified IP Covenant. 108

Section 7.15 Foreign Guarantors.. 109

Section 7.16 No Flowback. 109

Article VIII Events of Default and Remedies 88109

Section 8.01 Events of Default 88109

Section 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 91112

Section 8.03 Application of Funds 91112

Section 8.04 Administrative Delay 92113

Article IX Administrative Agent and Other Agents 93114

Section 9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Agents 93114

Section 9.02 Delegation of Duties 93116

Section 9.03 Liability of Agents 94116

Section 9.04 Reliance by Agents 94116

Section 9.05 Notice of Default 95117

Section 9.06 Credit Decision; Disclosure of Information by Agents 95117

Section 9.07 Indemnification of Agents 96118

Section 9.08 Merger or Consolidation 96118

(iii)

Section 9.09 Successor Agents 96119

Section 9.10 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 97120

Section 9.11 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 98121

Section 9.12 Certain Rights of Agent 99121

Section 9.13 Appointment of Supplemental Agents 99122

Section 9.14 Force Majeure 100122

Section 9.15 Parallel Debt owed to Collateral Agent 100123

Section 9.16 No Discretion 101123

Section 9.17 Lead Borrower Indemnity Claims 101124

Article X Miscellaneous 102124

Section 10.01 Amendments, Etc 102124

Section 10.02 Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies 104126

Section 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 105127

Section 10.04 Attorney Costs and Expenses 105128

Section 10.05 Indemnification 106128

Section 10.06 Payments Set Aside 107129

Section 10.07 Successors and Assigns 107130

Section 10.08 Confidentiality 112134

Section 10.09 Setoff 113135

Section 10.10 Interest Rate Limitation 113136

Section 10.11 Counterparts 113136

Section 10.12 Integration 114136

Section 10.13 Survival of Representations and Warranties 114136

Section 10.14 Severability 114137

Section 10.15 GOVERNING LAW 114137

Section 10.16 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY 116138

Section 10.17 Binding Effect 116139

Section 10.18 USA Patriot Act 116139

Section 10.19 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 116139

Section 10.20 Judgment Currency 117140

Section 10.21 Reserved 118140

Section 10.22 Reserved. 118140

Section 10.23 Certain ERISA Matters 118140

Article XI Guarantee 119142

Section 11.01 The Guarantee 119142

Section 11.02 Obligations Unconditional 120143

Section 11.03 Reinstatement 121144

Section 11.04 Subrogation; Subordination 121144

Section 11.05 Remedies 122144

Section 11.06 Instrument for the Payment of Money 122145

Section 11.07 Continuing Guarantee 122145

Section 11.08 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations 122145

Section 11.09 Reserved 122

Specific Limitation for Swiss Guarantors 145

Section 11.10 Reserved 122

Specific Limitation for Belgian Guarantors 147

(iv)

Section 11.11 Reserved 122148

Section 11.12 Reserved 122148

Section 11.13 Reserved 122148

Section 11.14 Reserved 122148

Section 11.15 Release of Guarantors 122148

Section 11.16 Right of Contribution 123148

Section 11.17 Reserved 123148

Section 11.18 Reserved 123148

Section 11.19 Reserved. 123149

Section 11.20 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 123149

(v)

SCHEDULES

Schedule
1.01A -- Tranche
A Term Loan Commitments

Schedule
1.01B -- Tranche
B Term Loan Commitments

Schedule
1.01C -- Triggering
Events

Schedule
1.01D -- Tranche
C Term Loan Commitments

Schedule
1.01E -- Aristech/Altuglas
Investments

Schedule
5.08(a) -- Environmental
Matters

Schedule
5.11 -- Subsidiaries;
Equity Interests

Schedule
5.15 -- Certain
Specified IP

Schedule
6.18 -- Post-Closing
Actions

Schedule
6.21 -- Certification
under Trinseo Credit Agreement

Schedule
7.01(k) -- Aristech/Altuglas
Liens

Schedule
7.03(j) -- Aristech/Altuglas
Indebtedness

Schedule
7.07(o) -- Independent
Managers

Schedule
7.08 -- Aristech/Altuglas
Transactions with Affiliates

Schedule
10.02 -- Notices
and Other Communications

EXHIBITS

Form of

Exhibit A -- Committed
Loan Notice

Exhibit B -- Term
Note

Exhibit C -- Assignment
and Assumption

Exhibit D -- Pledge
and Security Agreement

Exhibit E -- Intercompany
Note

Exhibit F -- Intercompany
Parent Note

Exhibit G -- Solvency
Certificate

CREDIT AGREEMENT

This CREDIT AGREEMENT is
entered into as of September 8, 2023 (as may be amended, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance
with the terms hereof, this Agreement), among TRINSEO LUXCO S. R.L.,
a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite), incorporated and existing
under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, registered with the R.C.S. Luxembourg
under number B153577(Trinseo LuxCo),
Trinseo NA Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Holdings),
TRINSEO LUXCO FINANCE SPV S. R.L., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit
limite), incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449
Luxembourg, registered with the R.C.S. Luxembourg under number B279526 (the Lead Borrower), Trinseo
NA Finance SPV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Co-Borrower, together with the Lead Borrower,
the Borrowers and each, a Borrower) the Guarantors party hereto from time to time, the Lenders
party hereto from time to time (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender) and ALTER
DOMUS (US) LLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, and, upon the occurrence of the Second Amendment Effective Date, TRINSEO
PLC, an Irish public limited company (Successor Parent).

PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS

WHEREAS, the Borrowers requested
that the Lenders under this Agreement as of the Closing Date extend credit to the Borrowers in an aggregate principal amount of $1,077,251,291
in the form of (i) Tranche A Term Loans (as herein defined) in an aggregate principal amount of $128,865,980 and (ii) Tranche
B Term Loans (as herein defined) in an aggregate principal amount of $948,385,311, in each case to be funded on the Closing Date subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

WHEREAS,
concurrently herewith, the Lead Borrower, as lender, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as the administrative agent for the lenders thereunder,
Trinseo Lead Borrower and Trinseo Co-Borrower (each as defined herein) will enter into that certain 2023 Incremental and Refinancing
Amendment to the Trinseo Credit Agreement (as defined herein) (the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment),
dated as of the date hereof, pursuant to which the Lead Borrower will extend credit to the Trinseo Lead Borrower and the Trinseo Co-Borrower
in the form of (i) incremental term loans (which shall constitute Incremental Term Loans (as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement)
under Section 2.16 of the Trinseo Credit Agreement) in an original aggregate principal amount equal to $268,041,238
(the 2023 Incremental Term Loans) and (ii) refinancing term loans (which constitute Refinancing Term Loans
(as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement) under Section 2.17 of the Trinseo Credit Agreement) in an original aggregate
principal amount equal to $680,344,073 (the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

Article
I

Definitions and Accounting Terms

Section
1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth
below:

2023 Incremental
Term Loansand Refinancing Amendment
has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary statements.

2023 RefinancingIncremental
Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary statements.

2023 Incremental
and Refinancing AmendmentTerm
Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary statements.

2023 Term Loan Lender
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.17.

2025
Incremental Amendment means that certain 2025 Incremental Amendment to the Trinseo Credit Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment
Effective Date, pursuant to which the Lead Borrower will extend credit to the Trinseo Lead Borrower and the Trinseo Co-Borrower in the
form of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans.

2025
Incremental Term Loans means, collectively, 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (Tranche
B).

2025
Incremental Term Loans (Tranche A) means the incremental term loans (which shall constitute 2025 Incremental Term Loans
(Tranche A) and Incremental Term Loans (as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement) under Section 2.16 of the Trinseo
Credit Agreement) in an original aggregate principal amount equal to $115,000,000.

2025
Incremental Term Loans (Tranche B) means the incremental term loans (which shall constitute 2025 Incremental Term Loans
(Tranche B) and Incremental Term Loans (as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement) under Section 2.16 of the Trinseo
Credit Agreement) in an original aggregate principal amount equal to $379,494,400.

2025
Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among
Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as the administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders under the Super-Priority
Revolving Credit Agreement, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders under the Trinseo
Credit Agreement, the Collateral Agent, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent under
the Second Lien Notes Indenture, as amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from
time to time. 

2025
Term Loan Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 9.17.

2025
Transaction Support Agreement means that certain Transaction Support Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2024, by and among Successor
Holdings, certain Subsidiaries of Successor Holdings party thereto and the Supporting Creditors (as defined therein) party thereto from
time to time.

2

2025
Transactions means Transactions as defined in the 2025 Transaction Support Agreement.

2025 Senior Notes
means senior unsecured notes due 2025 issued pursuant to the 2025 Senior Notes Indenture in the aggregate original principal amount of
$500,000,000.

2025 Senior Notes
Indenture means the Indenture, dated as of August 29, 2017, by and among the Trinseo Lead Borrower, the Trinseo Co-Borrower
and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, in respect of 5.375% Notes due 2025, as may be amended, modified, supplemented, replaced
or refinanced to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement.

2029 Senior Notes
means senior unsecured notes due 2029 issued pursuant to the 2029 Senior Notes Indenture in the aggregate original principal amount of
$450,000,000.

2029 Senior Notes
Indenture means the Indenture, dated as of March 24, 2021, by and among the Trinseo Lead Borrower, the Trinseo Co-Borrower
and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, in respect of 5.125% Notes due 2029, as may be amended, modified, supplemented, replaced
or refinanced to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement.

Administrative Agent
means ALTER DOMUS (US) LLC, in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent.

Administrative Agents
Office means the Administrative Agents address and account as set forth on Schedule 10.02, or such other address
or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders.

Administrative Questionnaire
means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled
by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Agent-Related Persons
means the Agents, together with their respective Affiliates, and the officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys-in-fact of such
Persons and Affiliates.

Agent Fee Letter
means that certain fee letter, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, as amended, amended
and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Agents
means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Supplemental Agents (if any).

Aggregate Commitments
means the aggregate Tranche A Term Loan Commitments and,
Tranche B Term Loan Commitments and Tranche C Term Loan Commitments of all the Lenders.

3

Agreement
means this Credit Agreement, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

All-In Yield
means, as to any Indebtedness, the yield thereof, whether in the form of interest rate, margin, OID, upfront fees, Term SOFR or Base Rate
floor, or otherwise, in each case, incurred or payable by the applicable Borrower generally to all lenders of such Indebtedness; provided
that OID and upfront fees shall be equated to interest rate assuming a 4-year average life to maturity on a straight line basis (e.g.
100 basis points of original issue discount equals 25 basis points of interest rate margin); and provided, further, that
All-In Yield shall not include amendment fees, arrangement fees, structuring fees, ticking fees, unused line fees, commitment
fees, underwriting fees and other similar fees not paid generally to all lenders in the primary syndication of such Indebtedness.

Altuglas
means Altuglas LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Altuglas
IP License Agreement has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified IP License agreements. 

Amended
and Restated Specified IP License Agreements means, collectively, (i) the Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement dated
January 17, 2025 entered into between Trinseo Europe, as licensor, and Altuglas, as licensee, which amends and replaces the Altuglas IP
License Agreement and (ii) the Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement dated January 17, 2025, entered into between Trinseo
Europe, as licensor, and Aristech, as licensee, which amends and replaces the Aristech IP License Agreement.

Americas Styrenics
means Americas Styrenics LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Annual Financial
Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of comprehensive income, shareholders
equity and cash flows of Americas Styrenics for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

Annual Threshold
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b)(iii).

Anti-Corruption
Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption
applicable to Holdings or its Subsidiaries by virtue of such Person being organized or operating in such jurisdiction.

Applicable Margin
means, subject to Section 2.08(c), a percentage per annum equal to, with respect to the Term Loans maintained as (i) Base Rate
Loans, 7.50% and (ii) SOFR Loans, 8.50%.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Applicable Margin in respect of any Class of Incremental Term Commitments and any Class of Incremental Term Loans established
after the Closing Date shall be the applicable percentages per annum set forth in the relevant Incremental Amendment.

4

Applicable Sale
Premium means, (a) with respect to any prepayment of Term
Loans (other than the Tranche C Term Loans) required under Section 2.05(b)(ii) and (iii) that occurs (ai)
prior to the 12 month anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to the Make-Whole Amount
in respect of the Term Loans (other than the Tranche C Term Loans), (bii)
from and after the 12 month anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the 24 month anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal
to 3.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans (other than the Tranche C Term Loans) subject
to such Applicable Prepayment Premium Eventprepayment
on such date, (ciii) from and after the 24 month
anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the 36 month anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to 2.00% of the aggregate principal
amount of the Term Loans (other than the Tranche C Term Loans) subject to such
Applicable Prepayment Premium Eventprepayment on such date, and (div)
from and after the 36 month anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to 0.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans
subject to such Applicable Prepayment Premium Event(other
than the Tranche C Term Loans) subject to prepayment on such date and (b) with respect to any prepayment of the Tranche C Term Loans required
under Section 2.05(b)(ii) and (iii) that occurs (i) prior to the 12 month anniversary of the Third Amendment Effective Date, an amount
equal to the Make-Whole Amount in respect of the Tranche C Term Loans, (ii) from and after the 12 month anniversary of the Third Amendment
Effective Date and prior to the 24 month anniversary of the Third Amendment Effective Date, an amount equal to 3.00% of the aggregate
principal amount of the Tranche C Term Loans subject to prepayment on such date, (iii) from and after the 24 month anniversary of the
Third Amendment Effective Date and prior to the 36 month anniversary of the Third Amendment Effective Date, an amount equal to 2.00% of
the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche C Term Loans subject to prepayment on such date, and (iv) from and after the 36 month anniversary
of the Third Amendment Effective Date, an amount equal to 0.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche C Term Loans subject
to prepayment on such date.

Applicable Prepayment
Premium means,(a) with respect to
any Term Loans subject to an Applicable Prepayment Premium Event that
occurs (ai) prior to the 18 month
anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to the Make-Whole Amount in
respect of the Term Loans subject to such Applicable Prepayment Premium Event on such date, (bii)
from and after the 18 month anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the 30 month anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal
to 3.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans subject to such Applicable Prepayment Premium Event on such date, (ciii)
from and after the 30 month anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the 42 month anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal
to 2.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans subject to such Applicable Prepayment Premium Event on such date, and (div)
from and after the 42 month anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to 0.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans
subject to such Applicable Prepayment Premium Event on such date.

Applicable Prepayment
Premium Event means (a) any repayment of all, or any part, of the principal amount of the Term Loans, including any voluntary
prepayment, mandatory repayment (other than a repayment under Section 2.05(b)(i), Section 2.05(b)(ii),
Section 2.05(b)(iii), Section 2.05(b)(iv)(A) or Section 2.05(b)(v) or any payment at maturity, in each case, whether
before or after (i) the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default or (ii) the commencement of any proceeding with respect to any
Borrower or Guarantor under any Debtor Relief Law and notwithstanding any acceleration (for any reason) of the Term Loans);
(b) the acceleration of all of the Term Loans for any reason, including, but not limited to, acceleration following or pursuant to an
Event of Default, including as a result of the commencement of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law (including, without limitation,
pursuant to Section 8.01(f)); (c) the satisfaction, release, payment, redemption, restructuring, reorganization, replacement, reinstatement,
defeasance or compromise of any of the Term Loans in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, foreclosure (whether by power of judicial
proceeding or otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the making of a distribution of any kind in any proceeding under any Debtor
Relief Law to the Lenders (whether directly or indirectly, including through the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent or any other
distribution agent), in full or partial satisfaction of the Term Loans; (d) the substantial consummation of any plan of reorganization
with respect to any Borrower or Guarantor under any Debtor Relief Law; (e) the termination of any proceeding with respect to any Borrower
or Guarantor under any Debtor Relief Law; and (f) the termination of this Agreement for any reason; provided, that in no event
shall (i) a regularly scheduled amortization payment pursuant to Section 2.07(a) constitute an Applicable Prepayment Premium Event and
(ii) a payment that is required to be made directly under the LimitedForeign
Guaranty (or any voluntary prepayment made hereunder with the proceeds of an intercompany loan that is made by a LimitedForeign
Guarantor to the Lead Borrower in lieu of such direct payment), in each case, as a result of the sale of any assets of, or the Equity
Interests in, any LimitedForeign Guarantor, constitute
an Applicable Prepayment Premium Event.

5

If an Applicable Prepayment
Premium Event occurs under clause (b), (c) or,
(d), (e) and (f) above, the entire outstanding principal amount of Term Loans shall be deemed
to be subject to the Applicable Prepayment Premium Event on the date on which such Applicable Prepayment Premium Event occurs.

Approved Bank
has the meaning set forth in clause (c)3
of the definition of Cash Equivalents.

Approved Fund
means any Fund that is administered, advised or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate
of an entity that administers, advises or manages a Lender.

Aristech
means Aristech Surfaces LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company.

Aristech
IP License Agreement has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified IP License agreements.

Assignees
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(b).

Assignment and Assumption
shall mean an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required
by Section 10.07), in the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower.

Attorney Costs
means and includes all reasonable, documented fees, expenses and disbursements of any law firm or other external legal counsel required
to be reimbursed by any Loan Party pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document.

6

Attributable Indebtedness
means, on any date, in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet
of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP.

Available Tenor
means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, if such Benchmark is a term rate,
any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to
this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the
definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.20(d).

Bail-In Action
means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an
EEA Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation
means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council
of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule.

Base Rate
means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the Prime
Rate in effect on such day and (c) Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00% per annum; provided
that in no event shall the Base Rate be less than the Floor. Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal
Funds Rate or Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate
or Term SOFR, respectively.

Base Rate Loan
means a Term Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate.

Base Rate Term SOFR
Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR.

Benchmark
means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR
Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that
such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.20(a).

Benchmark Replacement
means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative
Agent and the Lead Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism
for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining
a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b)
the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than
the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

7

Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero)
that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation
of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention
for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark
with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time.

Benchmark Replacement
Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

1.(a) in the case of clause (a)1
or (b)2 of the definition of Benchmark
Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the
date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely
ceases to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof); or

2.(b) in the case of clause (c)3
of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or
such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most
recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c)3
and even if such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or
such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

For the avoidance of doubt, if such Benchmark
is a term rate, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a)1
or (b)2 with respect to any Benchmark upon the
occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or
the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Transition
Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

3. 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator
of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will
cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is
no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate,
any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

8

4.(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board,
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component),
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator
of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark
is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that,
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such
component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

5.(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are
not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt, if such Benchmark
is a term rate, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement
or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Transition
Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date
and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior
to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective
event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication).

Benchmark Unavailability
Period means the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time,
no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance
with Section 2.20 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes
hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.20.

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

9

Board of Directors
means, for any Person, the board of directors, the general partner or other governing body of such Person or, if such Person does not
have such a board of directors, general partner or other governing body and is owned or managed by a single entity, the Board of Directors
or board of managers (conseil de grance) of such entity, or, in either case, any committee thereof duly authorized to act
on behalf of such Board of Directors. Unless otherwise provided, Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the
Lead Borrower.

Borrower
has the meaning provided in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Borrower Retained
Prepayment Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b)(viii).

Borrowing
means a Term Borrowing.

Business Day
means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day that is a legal holiday under the laws of the State of New York, Luxembourg
or Ireland or is a day on which banking institutions in such jurisdictions are authorized or required by Law to close, and in the case
of a Business Day which relates to a SOFR Loan, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

Capitalized Leases
means all leases that have been or are required to be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases; provided that for
all purposes hereunder the amount of obligations under any Capitalized Lease shall be the amount thereof accounted for as a liability
in accordance with GAAP.

Cash Equivalents
means any of the following types of Investments:

6. 
(a) Dollars held by the Loan Parties from time to time in the ordinary course
of business;

7.(b) readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully Guaranteed
or insured by the United States government or, in each case, any agency or instrumentality of thereof (provided that the full faith
and credit of such country or such member state is pledged in support thereof), having maturities of not more than 24 months from the
date of acquisition;

8.(c) certificates of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits, overnight
bank deposits or bankers acceptances issued by any commercial bank or trust company bank that is organized under the Laws of the
United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the principal banking Subsidiary of a bank holding company organized
under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, and
(b) has combined capital and surplus in excess of $100,000,000 (any such Persons being an Approved Bank), in each
case with maturities not exceeding 24 months from the date of acquisition thereof;

9.(d) repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described
in clauses (b)2 and (c)3
entered into with any Approved Bank;

10.(e) commercial paper and variable or fixed rate notes rated at the time
of acquisition thereof at least A-2 (or the equivalent thereof by S&P) or P-2 (or the equivalent thereof
by Moodys) or carrying an equivalent rating by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization (if both of the two named
rating agencies cease publishing ratings of investments) or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper, the issuer
of which has an equivalent rating in respect of its long-term debt, and in any case maturing within 24 months after the date of acquisition
thereof;

10

11.(f) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth
or territory of the United States of America having an investment grade rating from either Moodys or S&P (or, if at the time,
neither is issuing comparable ratings, then a comparable rating of another Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization) with
maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition;

12.(g) bills of exchange issued in the United States eligible for rediscount
at the relevant central bank and accepted by a bank (or any dematerialized equivalent); and

13.(h) Investments with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date
of acquisition in money market funds rated AAA (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof)
or better by Moodys.

Cash
Management Practices means (a) the ordinary course cash management practices of Trinseo Holdings and its Subsidiaries as in effect
prior to the Closing Date, including with respect to the ordinary course cash management practices related to the funding, sweeping or
transferring of cash in accordance with that certain Amended and Restated Cash Pooling Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2023 and effective
as of December 31, 2022 and (b) capital contributions made by or to Trinseo Holdings and its Subsidiaries to satisfy minimum capitalization
or solvency requirements under local law, provided that such contribution must be made for legitimate business purposes and not made for
the purposes of adversely affecting the credit position of the Lenders.

Casualty
Event means any event that gives rise to the receipt by a Person of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of
any equipment, fixed assets or real property (including any improvements thereon) to replace or repair such equipment, fixed assets or
real property.

Change of Control
shall be deemed to occur if:

14. (a) Parent ceases to own one hundred percent (100%) of
voting and economic interests of the Lead Borrower;

15.(b) Holdings ceases to own one hundred percent (100%) of voting and economic
interests of the Co-Borrower; or

16.(c) a change of control (or similar event) shall occur in
any document pertaining to any Incremental Equivalent Debt, the Trinseo Credit Agreement,
the 2025 Senior Notes, the 2029 SeniorSuper-Priority Revolving
Credit Agreement, the Second Lien Notes Indenture or, in each case, any refinancing
thereof and such Indebtedness is in an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount.

11

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, the consummation of the LuxCo Merger Transaction shall not constitute a Change of Control.

Class,
when used with respect to Term Loans, refers to those of such Term Loans that have the same terms and conditions (without regard to differences
in the Type of Term Loan, Interest Period, upfront fees, OID or similar fees paid or payable in connection with such Term Loan, or differences
in tax treatment (e.g. fungibility)).

Closing Date
means September 8, 2023.

Co-Borrower
has the meaning provided in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Code
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations related thereto.

Collateral
means the Collateral as defined in the Pledge and Security Agreement and all the
Collateral or Pledged Assets as defined in any other Collateral Document and any other assets pledged pursuant
to any Collateral Document; provided that in no event shall any Excluded Asset constitute Collateral.

Collateral Agent
means ALTER DOMUS (US) LLC, in its capacity as collateral agent or pledgee in its own name under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor
collateral agent.

Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement means, at any time, the requirement that:

17.
(a) on the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received each Collateral
Document to the extent required to be delivered on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 4.01 and Section 4.02, subject
to the limitations and exceptions of this Agreement, duly executed by each Loan Party thereto;

18.
(b) the Obligations shall have been secured by a first-priority security interest
in all the Equity Interests of the Borrowers;

19.
(c) the Obligations shall have been secured by a first-priority perfected security
interest in, and Mortgages on, substantially all tangible and intangible assets of the Lead Borrower, the Co-Borrower and each Guarantor
(including the Intercompany Parent Note, the Intercompany Note, other intercompany debt, accounts, inventory, equipment, investment property,
contract rights, securities, patents, trademarks, other intellectual property, other general intangibles, cash, bank and securities deposit
accounts, Real Property and proceeds of the foregoing), in each case, subject to exceptions and limitations otherwise set forth in this
Agreement and the Collateral Documents (to the extent appropriate in the applicable jurisdiction);

12

20.
(d) subject to limitations and exceptions of this Agreement and the Collateral
Documents, to the extent a security interest in and Mortgages on any Real Property is required under Section 6.11, Section
6.14 or Section 6.18 (each, a Mortgaged Property), the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) counterparts
of a Mortgage with respect to such Mortgaged Property duly executed and delivered by the record owner of such property in form suitable
for filing or recording in all filing or recording offices that the Administrative Agent may reasonably deem necessary or desirable in
order to create a valid and subsisting perfected Lien on the property and/or rights described therein in favor of the Administrative
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and evidence that all filing and recording taxes, stamp duty and fees have been paid or
otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being understood that if a mortgage tax or
notary fee or registration fee or other similar tax will be owed or calculated on the entire amount of the indebtedness evidenced hereby,
then the amount secured by the Mortgage shall be limited to 100% of the fair market value of the property at the time the Mortgage is
entered into if such limitation results in such mortgage tax being calculated based upon such fair market value), (ii) other than with
respect to Mortgaged Properties located in Luxembourg and any other jurisdiction, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent,
in which title insurance is not customary, fully paid policies of title insurance (or marked-up title insurance commitments having the
effect of policies of title insurance) on the Mortgaged Property that is owned in fee by the applicable Loan Party (the Mortgage
Policies) issued by a title insurance company reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent in form and substance and
in an amount reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (not to exceed 100% of the fair market value of the real properties covered
thereby), insuring the Mortgages to be valid subsisting Liens on the property described therein, free and clear of all Liens other than
Liens permitted pursuant to Section 7.01 and other Liens reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent each of which shall
(A) to the extent reasonably necessary, include such reinsurance arrangements (with provisions for direct access, if reasonably necessary)
as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, (B) contain a tie-in or cluster endorsement, if
available under applicable law (i.e., policies which insure against losses regardless of location or allocated value of the insured
property up to a stated maximum coverage amount) and (C) have been supplemented by such endorsements (or where such endorsements are
not available, opinions of special counsel, architects or other professionals reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent) as shall
be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent (which may include endorsements on matters relating to usury, first loss, last dollar,
zoning, contiguity, revolving credit, doing business, non-imputation public road access, variable rate, environmental lien, subdivision,
mortgage recording tax, separate tax lot, and so-called comprehensive coverage over covenants and restrictions, in each case only if
available after the applicable Loan Party uses commercially reasonable efforts), (iii) customary legal opinions (as determined with reference
to any applicable jurisdiction), addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent as to such matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, and (iv) a completed life of the loan Federal
Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination with respect to each U.S. Mortgaged Property and, to the extent required,
duly executed and acknowledged by the appropriate Loan Parties and evidence of flood insurance, in the event any improved parcel of U.S.
Mortgaged Property is located in a special flood hazard area, which evidence shall comply with the Flood Laws and be otherwise reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;

21.
(e) each deposit account or other bank account or securities account of the Borrowers
(other than any deposit account maintained by the Lead Borrower in Luxembourg strictly for administrative purposes with cash balance
at the end of any day not to exceed the greater of $0 and such minimum amount as required to be maintained by the Luxembourg banking
institution) be subject to a Control Agreement.

13

Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this definition or anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary:

(i)The foregoing definition shall not require and the Loan Documents shall not contain any requirements as to the creation or perfection
of pledges of, security interests in, Mortgages on, or the obtaining of title insurance, surveys, abstracts or appraisals or taking other
actions with respect to, Excluded Assets;

(ii)The Administrative Agent in its discretion may grant extensions of time for the creation or perfection of security interests in,
and Mortgages on, or obtaining of title insurance or taking other actions with respect to, particular assets (including extensions beyond
the Closing Date) or any other compliance with the requirements of this definition where it reasonably determines, in consultation with
the Lead Borrower, that the creation or perfection of security interests in, and Mortgages on, or obtaining of title insurance or taking
other actions, or any other compliance with the requirements of this definition cannot be accomplished without undue delay, burden or
expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required by this Agreement or the Collateral Documents; and

(iii)Liens required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be subject to exceptions
and limitations set forth in this Agreement and the Collateral Documents.

Collateral Documents
means, collectively, the Pledge and Security Agreement, the LimitedForeign
Guaranty, Limited Guarantorthe U.S. Security
Agreement,For Foreign Guarantors, the Trinseo Europe Security
Documents, the Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement, the 2025 Intercreditor Agreement, the Luxembourg Receivables Pledge Agreement,
the Intercompany Parent Note and accompanying allonge, any Intercompany Note and accompanying allonge, each Control Agreement, each of
the Mortgages, each of the local law security and pledge agreements entered into by the Foreign Guarantors
from time to time (including the German Security Documents), collateral assignments, security agreements, pledge agreements,
deeds of hypothecs, bonds, bond pledge agreements or other similar agreements delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Sections
4.01, 4.02, 6.11
or 6.14, prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Luxembourg Share Pledge Agreement and, on and after the Second Amendment
Effective Date, the Trinseo PLC Luxembourg Share Pledge Agreement, and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents that creates
or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent (as relevant), in each case for the benefit
of the Secured Parties.

Commitments
means, with respect to each Lender, such Lenders Tranche A Term Loan Commitments and,
the Tranche B Term Loan Commitments and Tranche C Term Loan Commitments.

Committed Loan Notice
means a written notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Term Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of SOFR Loans,
pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A.

14

Compensation Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(c)(iv)Section
2.12(c)(ii).

Conforming Changes
means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the
definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest
Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and frequency
of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices,
the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 3.05 and other technical, administrative or operational
matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit
the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative
Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines
that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent
decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

Consolidated EBITDA
has the meaning assigned to such term in the Trinseo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date (including all defined terms referred
to therein), provided that, (i) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Trinseo
Credit Agreement, amounts permitted to be added back pursuant to clause (x) of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA shall
be capped at 10% of pro forma Consolidated EBITDA (after giving effect to such add-back and all other permitted addbacks) for any period
and (ii) Aristech and Altuglas shall be considered Restricted Subsidiaries for the purposes
of the calculating Consolidated EBITDA.

Contractual Obligation
means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which
such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person,
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled
have meanings correlative thereto.

Control Agreement
means, with respect to any deposit account or any securities account, an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Collateral Agent, by and among the Collateral Agent, the financial institution or other Person at which such account is maintained and
the Loan Party maintaining such account, effective to grant control (as defined under the applicable UCC) over such account
to the Collateral Agent.

Corresponding Debt
has the meaning specified in Section 9.15(b).

Credit Extension
means each Borrowing.

Debtor Relief Laws
means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States and all other liquidation, dissolution, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the
benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, examinership, appointment of a business conciliator (conciliateur enterprises),
insolvency, winding up, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States, Luxembourg, Ireland or other applicable jurisdictions
from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.

15

Declined Proceeds
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b)(viii).

Default
means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both,
would be an Event of Default; provided that the Borrowers shall not be in deemed to be in Default during the first day of any grace
period set forth in Section 8.01(a).

Default Rate
means an interest rate equal to (a) the Base Rate plus (b) the Applicable Margin, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus
(c) 2.50% per annum; provided that, with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest
rate (including any Applicable Margin) otherwise applicable to such Term Loan plus 2.50% per annum, in each case, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable Laws.

Defaulting Lender
means, subject to Section 2.19(b), any Lender that, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent (a) has refused (which
refusal may be given verbally or in writing and has not been retracted) or failed to perform any of its funding obligations hereunder,
including in respect of its Term Loans, which refusal or failure is not cured within one Business Day after the date of such refusal or
failure, (b) has notified the Lead Borrower or Administrative Agent that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations or
has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations hereunder or under other agreements in which it commits
to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm in a manner satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent that it will comply with its funding obligations (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting
Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower), or (d)
has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, after the date of this Agreement, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under
any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person
charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed for it, (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action
or (iv) taken any action in furtherance of, or indicated its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment;
provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest
in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not
result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments
or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm
any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender
under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall
be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.19(b)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Lead
Borrower and each Lender.

16

Designated Lenders
means, collectively, (a) certain funds and accounts managed by Angelo, Gordon & Co. or one or more entities owned by such funds or
accounts and (b) certain funds or accounts managed by Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. or one or more entities owned by such funds or
accounts.

Disposition
or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction
and any sale or issuance of Equity Interests of a Loan Party) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer
or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith; provided
that the issuance of Equity Interests by Parent shall not constitute a Disposition by Parent.

Disqualified Equity
Interests means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which
it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable
(other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests or solely at the direction of the issuer), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or
otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale, so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of
a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Term Loans and all other Obligations that
are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely
for Qualified Equity Interests), in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is or becomes
convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in
each case, prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date.

Disqualified Institution
means those Persons (the list of all such Persons, the Disqualified Institutions List) that are (i) identified in
writing by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent prior to the date hereof, (ii) competitors of the Trinseo Lead Borrower and its
Subsidiaries (other than bona fide fixed income investors or debt funds) that are identified in writing by the Lead Borrower prior to
the date hereof and from time to time or (iii) Affiliates of such Persons set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above (in the case of
Affiliates of such Persons set forth in clause (ii) above, other than bona fide fixed income investors or debt funds) that are either
(a) identified in writing by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent from time to time or (b) clearly identifiable on the basis
of such Affiliates name; provided, that, to the extent Persons are identified as Disqualified Institutions in writing by
the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent after the Closing Date pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii)(a), the inclusion of such
Persons as Disqualified Institutions shall not retroactively apply to prior assignments or participations in respect of any Term Loan
under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lead Borrower, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, may from time to
time in its sole discretion remove any entity from the Disqualified Institutions List (or otherwise modify such list to exclude any particular
entity), and such entity removed or excluded from the Disqualified Institutions List shall no longer be a Disqualified Institution for
any purpose under this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

Disqualified Institutions
List has the meaning as set forth in the definition of Disqualified Institutions.

17

Dollar
and $ mean lawful money of the United States.

Dollar Amount
means, at any time, with respect to any Term Loan, the principal amount thereof then outstanding (or in which such participation is held).

Domestic Loan Party
means any Loan Party that is organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

EEA Financial Institution
means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA
Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a)
of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described
in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority
means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Eligible Assignee
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(a). For the avoidance of doubt, Eligible Assignee shall not include any
Disqualified Institution identified by the Lead Borrower prior to the effective date of any assignment under Section 10.07.

EMU Legislation
means the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or operation of a single or unified European
currency.

Environment
means indoor air, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, land surface, subsurface strata, and natural resources such
as wetlands, flora and fauna.

Environmental Laws
means any applicable Law, including common law, relating to the prevention of pollution or the protection of the environment and natural
resources, or to the protection of human health and safety as it relates to the environment.

Environmental Liability
means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of investigation and remediation, fines, penalties
or indemnities) directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law or any Environmental Permit,
(b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous
Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the Environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other
consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

Environmental Permit
means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required by any Environmental Law.

18

Equity Contribution
has the meaning specified in Section Section
4.01(k).

Equity Interests
means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares, interests, rights, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital
stock or share capital of (or other ownership or profit interests or units in) share premium such Person and all of the warrants, options
or other rights for the purchase, acquisition or exchange from such Person of any of the foregoing (including through convertible securities).

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued
thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate
means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is under common control with a Loan Party within the meaning of Section
414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA.

ERISA Event
means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan
subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA)
or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal
by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan, the insolvency under Title IV of ERISA of any Multiemployer Plan, or
the receipt of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate, of any notice that a Multiemployer Plan is in endangered or critical status under
Section 305 of ERISA; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate any Pension Plan, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as
a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer
Plan; (e) an event or condition which would reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination
of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) the failure to make a required contribution
to any Pension Plan that would result in the imposition of a lien or other encumbrance on a Loan Party or the provision of security under
Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 or 4068 of ERISA by a Loan Party, or the arising of such a lien or encumbrance, there being or
arising any unpaid minimum required contribution or accumulated funding deficiency (as defined or otherwise
set forth in Section 4971 of the Code or Part 3 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA), whether or not waived, the failure to satisfy the
minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code, whether or not waived, or a determination that any Pension Plan is, or is reasonably
expected to be, in at-risk status under Title IV of ERISA; (g) the occurrence of a nonexempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning
of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) with respect to a Pension Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in liability
to a Loan Party; or (h) the incurring of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under
Section 4007 of ERISA, by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate.

EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in
effect from time to time.

Event of Default
has the meaning specified in Section 8.01.

19

Excess Amortization
means the positive difference, if any, between (i) the amount of regularly scheduled amortization payments made in cash to the Lead Borrower
in respect of the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans and,
the 2023 Incremental Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) under and pursuant
to the Trinseo Credit Agreement in the aggregate on any amortization payment date under the Trinseo Credit Agreement and (ii) the amount
of regulatoryregularly scheduled amortization
required to be paid in cash by the Borrowers under Section 2.07(a) on the corresponding amortization payment date under this Agreement.

Excess Interest
means the positive difference, if any, between (i) the amount of interest paid in cash to the Lead Borrower in respect of the 2023 Refinancing
Term Loans and, the 2023 Incremental Term Loans
and the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) under and pursuant to the Trinseo Credit Agreement
in the aggregate for any Interest Period and (ii) the amount of interest required to be paid in cash by the Borrowers to the Lenders for
the same Interest Period in respect of the Term Loans.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Excluded Asset
means (i) a direct pledge of the JV Interests so long as such direct pledge would require consent of Chevron Phillips Chemical Company
LP and only to the extent and for so long as consent requirement is in effect; provided that proceeds and products of the JV Interests
do not constitute Excluded Assets and shall constitute Collateral and,
(ii) (x) prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Equity Interests that Parent owns in Trinseo Holdings.
and (y) on and after the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Equity Interests that Parent owns in Trinseo LuxCo and
(iii) the Excluded Assets as defined in the Pledge and Security Agreement.

Excluded Taxes
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a).

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Credit Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, and
any agreement pursuant to the implementation of the above with the United States Internal Revenue Service, the United States government
or any governmental or taxation authority in the United States, including the Agreement between the Government of the United States of
America and the Government of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to Improve International Tax Compliance and with respect to The United States
information reporting provisions commonly known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, and any rules, regulations or guidance enacted
thereunder or official interpretations thereof.

Fair Market Value
means with respect to the JV Interests, the fair market value as determined by the board of managers of the Co-Borrower in good faith
based on a valuation report prepared by an independent and unaffiliated third party valuation firm and dated within two weeks of signing
of the JV Sale (or such later date as reasonably agreed to by the Administrative Agent), which report shall be delivered to the Administrative
Agent; provided that if the Co-Borrower receives three or more bona fide bids from potential buyers in connection with the JV Sale process
there shall be no requirement for an unaffiliated third party valuation.

FCPA
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.22.

20

Federal Funds Rate
means, for any day, the greater of (a) the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days Federal
funds transactions by depositary institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on
its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the
Federal funds effective rate and (b) 0%.

FIRREA
means the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as amended.

First Lien Net Debt
has the meaning given to the term Consolidated First Lien Net Debt in the Trinseo Credit Agreement; provided that Outstanding
Amount of the Term Loans under this Agreement shall constitute First Lien Net Debt in lieu of the Outstanding Amount (as defined in the
Trinseo Credit Agreement) of 2023 Incremental Term Loans and,
2023 Refinancing Term Loans and 2025 Incremental Term Loans.

First Lien Net Leverage
Ratio means, with respect to any Test Period (as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement), the ratio of (a) First Lien
Net Debt as of the last day of such Test Period to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period.

Flood Laws
means collectively, (i) National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively revised the National Flood Insurance Act of
1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973) as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Insurance
Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (iii) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform
Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto.

Floor
means a rate of interest equal to 3.00%.

Foreign
Guarantors means, collectively, (a) Taiwan Trinseo Limited, (b) PT Trinseo Materials Indonesia and PT Trinseo Operating Indonesia,
(c) Trinseo Belgium BV and Trinseo Operating Belgium B.V., (d) Trinseo Deutschland GmbH, Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH,
Trinseo Deutschland RE GP GmbH and Trinseo Deutschland RE GmbH & Co. KG and (e) Trinseo Europe.

Foreign
Guaranty means that certain Amended and Restated Guaranty, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by the Foreign Guarantors
in favor of the Administrative Agent, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or modified from time to time in accordance with
the terms thereof and this Agreement. 

Foreign
Loan Party means any Loan Party that is not a Domestic Loan Party.

Foreign Pension
Plan means any occupational pension plan, fund (including, without limitation, any superannuation fund) or other similar program
established, contributed to or maintained outside the United States on a voluntary basis by any Loan Party (other than a Luxembourg Loan
Party), as a single employer or as part of a group of employers, primarily for the benefit of employees of any Loan Party residing outside
the United States, which plan, fund or other similar program provides, retirement income, and which plan is not subject to ERISA or the
Code.

21

Foreign
Loan Party means any Loan Party that is not a Domestic Loan Party.

FRB means
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

Fund
means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans
and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time; provided, however,
that if the Lead Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Lead Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate
the effect of any change occurring after the Closing Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or
if the Administrative Agent notifies the Lead Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such
purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such
provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective
until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.

German
Junior Pledge and Security Confirmation Agreements means (i) the junior ranking share pledge and confirmation agreement in relation
to the shares in Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH, dated on or about the Third Amendment Effective Date between Trinseo Deutschland
GmbH as pledgor, the Collateral Agent as pledgee and Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH as pledged company, (ii) the junior ranking
account pledge and confirmation agreement in relation to certain bank accounts of Trinseo Deutschland GmbH, dated on or about the Third
Amendment Effective Date between Trinseo Deutschland GmbH as pledgor and the Collateral Agent as pledgee (iii) the junior ranking account
pledge and confirmation agreement in relation to certain bank accounts of Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH, dated on or about
the Third Amendment Effective Date between Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH as pledgor and the Collateral Agent as pledgee
and (iv) the security confirmation and amendment agreement with respect to the Original German Security Assignment Agreements and the
Original German Security Transfer Agreements, dated on or about the Third Amendment Effective Date between Trinseo Deutschland GmbH and
Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH as security grantors and the Collateral Agent as collateral agent, each governed by German
law.

German
Loan Party means any Loan Party incorporated or established in Germany.

German
Security Documents means (i) the Original German Security Documents, (ii) the German Junior Pledge and Security Confirmation
Agreements and (iii) and any other German law governed agreement that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Collateral
Agent or any other Secured Party in connection with this Agreement.

German
Security Trust Agreement means the Original German Security Trust Agreement as amended and restated by the German Security Trust
Amendment Agreement and as further amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms
thereof).

22

German
Security Trust Amendment Agreement means the German law governed amendment and restatement agreement dated on or about the Third
Amendment Effective Date between, inter alios, the German Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent, pursuant to which the Original German
Security Trust Agreement shall be amended and restated.

Governmental Authority
means any nation or government, the European Union, any state, provincial or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority,
instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government.

Granting Lender
has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(j).

Guarantee
means, as to any Person, without duplication, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic
effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor)
in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay
(or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease
property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation
of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or
any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary
obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the
obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee
against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other
monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation is assumed by such Person (or any
right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation to obtain any such Lien); provided
that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case in the ordinary course
of business or consistent with past practice, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered
into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect
to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related
primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably
anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a
verb has a corresponding meaning.

Guaranteed Obligations
has the meaning specified in Section 11.01.

Guarantors
means each of Parent and, Holdings,
Aristech and Altuglas.

Guaranty
means, collectively, the guaranty of the Obligations by the Guarantors pursuant to this Agreement.

23

Hazardous Materials
means all materials, pollutants, contaminants, chemicals, wastes or any other substances, including petroleum or petroleum distillates,
asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, toxic mold, electromagnetic radio frequency or microwave
emissions, that are listed, classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic, or any similar term, pursuant to any Environmental Law.

Holdings
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

Incremental
Equivalent Debt has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(h).

Indebtedness
means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following:

22.
(a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of
such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments;

23.(b) the maximum amount (after giving effect to any prior drawings or reductions
which may have been reimbursed) of all outstanding letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank
guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds and similar instruments issued or created by or for the account of such Person;

24.(c) [reserved];

25.
(a) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property
or services (other than (i) trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business and (ii) any earn-out obligation until such
obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and is not paid within thirty (30) Business
Days after becoming due and payable);

26.
(b) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property
owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements and
mortgage, industrial revenue bond, industrial development bond and similar financings), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been
assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse;

27.
(c) all Attributable Indebtedness;

28.
(d) all obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Equity Interests
to the extent that the foregoing would constitute indebtedness or a liability in accordance with GAAP; and

29.
(e) to the extent not otherwise included above, all Guarantees of such Person
in respect of any of the foregoing.

The amount of Indebtedness
of any Person for purposes of clause (e)5
shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (i) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the fair market value of the
property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith.

Indemnified Liabilities
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.05.

24

Indemnified Taxes
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a).

Indemnitees
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.05.

Independent Manager
means an individual who is natural person and who: (i) for the five-year period prior to such persons appointment as Independent
Manager has not been, and during the continuation of such persons service as Independent Manager is not: (A) an employee, director,
stockholder, member, manager, partner or officer of any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates (other than such persons service as
an Independent Manager); (B) a customer, creditor, service provider or supplier of any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates (other than
such persons service as an Independent Manager); or (C) any member of the immediate family of a person described in the foregoing
clause (A) or (B); and (ii) has (A) prior experience as an Independent Manager for a corporation or limited liability company whose charter
or organizational documents required the unanimous consent of all Independent Managers thereof before such corporation or limited liability
company could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under
any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy; and (B) at least three years of employment experience with one or more entities
that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or placement services (including providing independent
managers) to issuers of structured finance instruments, agreements or securities.

Information
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08.

Insolvency Regulation
means Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast) as amended
by Regulation (EU) 2021/2260 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2021.

Intercompany Note
means a promissory note evidencing the intercompany Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.03(c), substantially in the form
of Exhibit E or such other intercompany note reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, as
amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

Intercompany Parent
Note means that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and between the Lead Borrower as lender and Trinseo
LuxCo as borrower, pursuant to which the Lead Borrower made available to Trinseo LuxCo a loan in the principal amount of $128,865,980.

Interest Payment
Date means, (a) as to any SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Term Loan, any day on which such
Term Loan is converted into a Base Rate Loan, any day on which payment of principal in respect of such SOFR Loan is made (whether as optional
or mandatory prepayment or as repayment) and the Maturity Date (whether by acceleration or otherwise); provided that if any Interest
Period for a SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period
shall also be Interest Payment Dates and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December,
any day on which payment of principal in respect of such Base Rate Loan is made (whether as optional or mandatory prepayment or as repayment)
and the Maturity Date (whether by acceleration or otherwise).

25

Interest Period
means, as to each SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a SOFR Loan
and ending on the date one (1), three (3) or six (6) months thereafter, as selected by the Lead Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice;
provided that:

30.
(a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business
Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such
Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day;

31.
(b) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month
(or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end
on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period;

32.
(c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date; and

33.
(d) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section
2.20(d) shall be available for specification in such Committed Loan Notice.

Irish
Mobility Regulations means the European Union (Cross-Border Conversions, Mergers and Divisions) Regulations 2023 (as amended).

Irregular Dividends
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b)(iii).

Investment
means, with respect to any Person, all investments by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the form of any direct or
indirect advance, loan or other extensions of credit (other than advances or extensions of credit to customers, suppliers, directors,
officers or employees of any Person in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice, and excluding any debt or extension
of credit represented by a bank deposit other than a time deposit) or capital contribution to (by means of any transfer of cash or other
property to others or any payment for property or services for the account or use of others), or the incurrence of a Guarantee of any
obligation of, or any purchase or acquisition of Equity Interests, Indebtedness or other similar instruments issued by, such other Persons
and all other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared on the basis of GAAP.

The amount of any Investment
outstanding at any time shall be the original cost of such Investment (with the fair market value of such Investment being measured at
the time such Investment is made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value) as reduced by any dividend, distribution, interest
payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount (including in respect of dispositions) received in cash or Cash Equivalents in respect
of such Investment; provided that the aggregate amount of such dividend, distribution, interest payment, return of capital, repayment
or other amount shall not exceed the original amount of such Investment.

IP
Rights means any trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, copyrights, patents,
patent rights, technology, domain names, software, trade secrets, know-how database rights, design rights and other intellectual property
rights. 

26

IP
RightsJefferies has the meaning set forth in Section
5.15Section 10.07(i).

Jefferies
Tranche C Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(i).

Junior Financing
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.13(a).

Junior Financing
Documentation means any documentation governing any Junior Financing.

JV Agreement
means that certain Limited Liability Company Agreement of Americas Styrenics LLC, dated as of May 2, 2008, by and between Chevron Phillips
Chemical Company LP and Trinseo LLC (as successor to The Dow Chemical Company), as amended prior to the Closing Date and as may be amended
after the Closing Date solely to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement.

JV Interests
means all Equity Interests of Americas Styrenics owned by Trinseo LLC, the Co-Borrower or any of their Affiliates at any time, which shall
in no event be less than 50% of the Equity Interests of Americas Styrenics.

JV Sale
means (a) a Disposition of all or a portion of the JV Interests or all or substantially all of the property or assets of Americas Styrenics,
or (b) any Disposition of non-cash proceeds received in connection with a transaction under clause (a) of this definition.

Laws
means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state, regional, provincial and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines,
regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration
thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative
orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority.

Lead Borrower
has the meaning provided in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Lead Borrower AoA
Amendment means that amendment of the corporate object set forth in the articles of association of the Lead Borrower, to be
enacted by notarial deed, which is to be executed on or around the Second Amendment Effective Date.

Lender
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement and their respective successors and assigns as permitted hereunder,
each of which is referred to herein as a Lender.

Lender Fee Letter
means that certain fee letter dated as of the date hereofClosing
Date, by and between Borrowers and the Lenders, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time.

Lending Office
means, as to any Lender, such office or offices as such Lender may from time to time notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference,
priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other
title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to Real Property, and any Capitalized Lease having
substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

27

Limited
Guarantor Security Agreement means a security agreement governed by the laws of the State of New York, to
be entered into after the Closing Date by the Limited Guarantors in favor of the Collateral
Agent, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or modified
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and this Agreement.

Limited
Guarantors means certain Affiliates of the Borrowers party to the Limited Guaranty and the Limited Guarantor
Security Agreement.

Limited
Guaranty means that certain Limited Guaranty, governed by the laws of the State of New York, entered into
after the Closing Date by the Limited Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent,
as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and this Agreement.

Liquidity
means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) cash and Cash Equivalents (as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement and
the Super-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement, in each case in effect on the date hereofThird
Amendment Effective Date), (b) the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Credit Commitments (as such term is defined in the
TrinseoSuper-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement)
available to be borrowed as of such date and (c) availability under Permitted Securitizations (as such term is defined in the Trinseo
Credit Agreement) as of such date not to exceed $150,000,000 in the aggregate.

Loan Documents
means, collectively, (a) this Agreement, (b) the Term Notes, (c) the Collateral Documents, (d) the Agent Fee Letter, (e) the Lender Fee
Letter,and (f) the
Limited Guaranty and (g) any other amendment or joinder to this Agreement.

Loan Parties
means, collectively, each Borrower and each Guarantor.

LuxCo Merger Transaction
means the transfer by Trinseo LuxCo of 100% of its Equity Interests in the Lead Borrower to Successor Parent.

Luxembourg
means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

Luxembourg Guarantor
means a Guarantor incorporated in Luxembourg.

Luxembourg Insolvency
Event means, in relation to any Luxembourg Loan Party or any of its assets, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other
procedure or step in relation to bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation volontaire
ou judiciaire), administrative dissolution without liquidation (dissolution administrative sans liquidation), moratorium or
reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), or any of the out-of court or in-court reorganization procedures as provided for in
the Luxembourg law of 7 August 2023 on the preservation of enterprises and modernizing bankruptcy law, fraudulent conveyance (actio
pauliana), general settlement with creditors, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally.

28

Luxembourg Loan
Party means a Loan Party incorporated in Luxembourg.

Luxembourg Receivables
Pledge Agreement means the Luxembourg law governed receivables pledge agreement, dated as of the date hereof, pursuant to which
the Lead Borrower pledges to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, all receivables due to it, including in respect of
the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans and, the 2023
Incremental Term Loans, the 2025 Incremental Term Loans and the Intercompany Parent Note.

Luxembourg Share
Pledge Agreement means the Luxembourg law governed share pledge agreement, dated as of the date hereof, pursuant to which the
Parent pledges to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, all the shares issued by the Lead Borrower.

Make-Whole Amount
means as of the date of any JV Sale or Applicable Prepayment Premium Event, as applicable, an amount equal to the excess of (i) the present
value at the prepayment date, refinancing date or acceleration date, as applicable, of (1) the principal amount of the Term Loans subject
to the JV Sale or Applicable Prepayment Premium, plus (2) all required remaining scheduled interest payments due on the Term Loans subject
to the JV Sale or Applicable Prepayment Premium, through the applicable No Call Expiration Date, assuming that the rate of interest will
be equal to the rate of interest in effect on the date of notice of prepayment, refinancing or acceleration, other than accrued but unpaid
interest as of such prepayment, refinancing or acceleration date, plus (3) the Applicable Sale Premium or the Applicable Prepayment Premium,
as applicable, payable as if such prepayment, refinancing or acceleration occurred on the day immediately following the applicable No
Call Expiration Date, in each case, computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points per annum, over (ii)
the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan subject to the JV Sale or Applicable Prepayment Premium as at the applicable date.

Margin Stock
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U of the FRB.

Material Adverse
Effect means a (a) material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, liabilities (actual or contingent) or financial
condition of the Borrowers, taken as a whole; (b) material adverse effect on the ability of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to fully
and timely perform any of their payment obligations under any Loan Document to which any of the Loan Parties is a party; or (c) material
adverse effect on the rights and remedies available to the Lenders or the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document.

Maturity Date
means May 3, 2028.

Maximum Rate
has the meaning specified in Section 10.10.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Mortgage Policies
has the meaning specified in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

29

Mortgaged Properties
has the meaning specified in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

Mortgages
means collectively, the deeds of trust, trust deeds, debentures, hypothecs and mortgages made by the Loan Parties in favor or for the
benefit of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties creating and evidencing a Lien on a Mortgaged Property in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and any other mortgages executed and delivered pursuant to Section 6.11,
Section 6.14 and Section 6.18.

Multiemployer Plan
means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate
makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five (5) plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions.

Nationally Recognized
Statistical Rating Organization means a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 436
under the Securities Act.

Net Proceeds
means:

34.
(a) 100% of the cash proceeds actually received by the applicable Loan Party
(including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase
price adjustment receivable or otherwise as and when received) from any Disposition or Casualty Event,
net of (i) attorneys fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related
search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, required debt payments and required payments of other
obligations (including without limitation principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts) (other than pursuant
to the Loan Documents), other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred in connection therewith,
(ii) [reserved], (iii) taxes actually paid as a result thereof after taking into account the Loan Parties available tax attributes
(including any net operating losses), and (iv) the amount of any reasonable reserve established in accordance with GAAP against
any adjustment to the sale price or any liabilities (other than any taxes deducted pursuant to clause (iii) above) (x) related
to any of the applicable assets and (y) retained by the applicable Loan Party (however, the amount of any subsequent reduction of such
reserve (other than in connection with a payment of such liability) shall be deemed to be Net Proceeds of such Disposition or
Casualty Event occurring on the date of such reduction); and

35.
(b) 100% of the cash proceeds from the incurrence, issuance or sale by any Loan
Party of any Indebtedness, net of all taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof and fees (including investment
banking fees and discounts), commissions, costs and other expenses, in each case incurred in connection with such issuance or sale.

For purposes of calculating
the amount of Net Proceeds, fees, commissions and other costs and expenses payable to the applicable Loan Party shall be disregarded.

No Call Expiration
Date means (a) with respect to the repayment or prepayment of any Term Loans (other than the Tranche
C Term Loans) (i) in connection any JV Sale, the date that is 12 month anniversary of the Closing Date and (ii)
in connection with any Applicable Prepayment Premium Event, the date that is 18 month anniversary of the Closing Date and (b)
with respect to the repayment or prepayment of any Tranche C Term Loans, (i) in connection any JV Sale, the
date that is 12 month anniversary of the Third Amendment Effective Date and (ii) in connection with any Applicable Prepayment
Premium Event, the date that is 18 month anniversary of the Closing Date.

30

Non-Consenting Lender
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.07(d).

Non-Defaulting Lender
means, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender.

Obligations
means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or
otherwise with respect to any Term Loan, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent,
due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against
any Loan Party of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether
such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of the
Loan Parties under the Loan Documents include (a) the obligation (including guarantee obligations) to pay principal, interest, the Make-Whole
Amount, the Applicable Sale Premium, the Applicable Prepayment Premium, reimbursement obligations, charges, expenses, fees, Attorney Costs,
indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of any Loan Party to reimburse
any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Lender, in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of such Loan
Party.

OFAC
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.22(b).

Officers
Certificate means, with respect to any Person, a certificate signed by one Responsible Officer of such Person.

OID means
original issue discount.

Organization Documents
means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation, the articles of association, the bylaws and
the unanimous shareholder agreements or declarations (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S.
jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and the operating
or limited liability company agreement (or equivalent or comparable documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) or articles of
association; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the articles of association,
the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice
with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction
of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity.

Original
German Pledge Agreements means (i) the share pledge agreement in relation to the shares in Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft
mbH, dated 14 November 2023, between Trinseo Deutschland GmbH as pledgor, the Collateral Agent as pledgee and Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft
mbH as pledged company, deed no. F5287/2023 of notary public Dr. Sebastian Franck, Munich, Germany, (ii) the account pledge agreement,
dated 2 February 2024, between Trinseo Deutschland GmbH as pledgor and the Collateral Agent as pledgee in relation to certain bank accounts
of Trinseo Deutschland GmbH and (iii) the account pledge agreement, dated 2 February 2024, between Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft
mbH as pledgor and the Collateral Agent as pledgee in relation to certain bank accounts of Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH,
each governed by German law.

31

Original
German Security Assignment Agreements means (i) the security assignment agreement dated 2 February 2024 between Trinseo Deutschland
GmbH as assignor and the Collateral Agent as collateral agent and assignee, in relation to certain trade, intercompany and insurance receivables
of Trinseo Deutschland GmbH and (ii) the security assignment agreement dated 2 February 2024 between Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft
mbH as assignor and the Collateral Agent as collateral agent and assignee, in relation to certain trade, intercompany and insurance receivables
of Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH.

Original
German Security Documents means (i) the Original German Pledge Agreements, (ii) the Original German Security Assignment Agreements
and (iii) the Original German Security Transfer Agreements.

Original
German Security Transfer Agreements means (i) the security transfer agreement dated 2 February 2024 between Trinseo Deutschland
GmbH as transferor and the Collateral Agent as collateral agent and assignee, in relation to certain inventory of Trinseo Deutschland
GmbH and (ii) the security transfer agreement dated 2 February 2024 between Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft mbH as transferor
and the Collateral Agent as collateral agent and assignee, in relation to certain inventory of Trinseo Deutschland Anlagengesellschaft
mbH.

Original
German Security Trust Agreement means the German law governed security trust agreement setting out the terms for the holding and/or
administration of any German law governed Collateral Documents by the Collateral Agent, dated 2 February 2024 and made between, inter
alios, the German Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent.

Other Connection
Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient
and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party
to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction
pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document).

Other Taxes
has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(a).

Outstanding Amount
means with respect to the Term Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding Dollar Amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings
and prepayments or repayments of Term Loans occurring on such date.

Parallel Debt
has the meaning specified in Section 9.15(b).

Parent
shall mean (i) prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, Trinseo LuxCo and (ii) on and after the Second Amendment Effective Date,
Successor Parent.

32

Participant
has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(e).

Participant Register
has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(e).

Participating Member
State means each state so described in any EMU Legislation.

PBGC
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

Pension Plan
means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan
or Foreign Pension Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by any Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any
ERISA Affiliate, and such plan for the five-year period immediately following the latest date on which any Loan Party or Subsidiary maintained,
contributed to or had an obligation to contribute to such plan.

Perfection Certificate
means a certificate in the form of Exhibit II to the Security Agreement or any other form reasonably approved by the Collateral Agent,
as the same shall be supplemented from time to time.

Periodic Term SOFR
Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR.

Permitted Investment
means:

(a)ownership of Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary existing as of the Closing Date or, with respect to the ownership
of Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower by Successor Parent, existing on and after the Second Amendment Effective Date;

(b)(a) unsecured and subordinated Investments made by a Loan Party in another
Loan Party evidenced by and subject to an intercompany subordination agreement with respect to the Obligations;

(c)(b) ownership by the Co-Borrower of the JV Interests;

(d)(c) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents;

(e)(d) Investments consisting of the 2023 Incremental Term Loans and,
the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans, the 2025 Incremental Term Loans or any proceeds or
distributions therefrom;

(f)(e) Investments received in connection with any Disposition permitted under
Section 7.05;

(g)(f) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of Uniform
Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit;

(h)(g) the Intercompany Parent Note; and

(i)Investments in connection with the Third Amendment Transactions; 

33

(j)(h) any unsecured Guarantee by any Loan Party of the obligations of any
Affiliate of such Loan Party to suppliers, distributors, customers and licensees in the ordinary course of business.;

(k)to the extent constituting an Investment, any Permitted Relocation; and 

(l)solely with respect to Aristech or Altuglas:

(i)Investments in the form of deposits made to Trinseo Ireland Global IHB Limited using cash generated by Aristech and Altuglas,
as applicable, in the ordinary course of business, which loans shall be made in the ordinary course and consistent with past practice;
provided, that neither Aristech nor Altuglas shall make any additional investments pursuant to this clause (i) following (x) the occurrence
and during the continuance of a Default or Event of Default and (y) other than in connection with an Event of Default pursuant to Section
8.01(f) or Section 8.01(g), upon written notice from the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders);

(ii)[reserved];

(iii)Investments in cash, Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities;

(iv)Investments in receivables owing to Aristech or Altuglas created or acquired in the ordinary course of business;

(v)Investments (i) in payroll, travel, entertainment expenses, moving expenses and similar advances to cover matters that are expected
at the time of such advances ultimately to be treated as expenses for accounting purposes and that are made in the ordinary course of
business or (ii) [reserved];

(vi)[reserved];

(vii)Investments received in settlement of debts created in the ordinary course of business and owing to Aristech or Altuglas or
in exchange for any other Investment or accounts receivable held by Aristech or Altuglas, or as a result of foreclosure, perfection or
enforcement of any Lien, or in satisfaction of judgments or pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar arrangement including upon
the bankruptcy or insolvency of a debtor or otherwise with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to
any secured Investment in default;

(viii)Investments made as a result of the receipt of non-cash consideration from a sale or other disposition of property or assets,
including a Disposition;

(ix)Investments existing or pursuant to agreements or arrangements in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date or made pursuant
to binding commitments in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date, in each case, as set forth on Schedule 1.01E, and any modification,
replacement, renewal or extension thereof; provided that the amount of any such Investment or binding commitment may not be increased
except (a) as required by the terms of such Investment or binding commitment as in existence on the Third Amendment Effective Date or
(b) as otherwise permitted under this Agreement;

34

(x)[reserved];

(xi)pledges or deposits with respect to leases or utilities provided to third parties in the ordinary course of business or Liens
permitted under Section 7.01;

(xii)[reserved];

(xiii)Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of assets, services, inventory, supplies, materials and equipment or licenses
or leases of intellectual property, in any case, in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with this Agreement;

(xiv)[reserved];

(xv)[reserved];

(xvi)[reserved];

(xvii)Investments consisting of licensing of intellectual property pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons;

(xviii)[reserved];

(xix)[reserved];

(xx)[reserved];

(xxi)any Investment arising out of, or in connection with, Cash Management Practices;

(xxii)any Investment by Aristech and Altuglas in (x) a Securitization Subsidiary or (y) any other Person in connection with a Permitted
Securitization, including Investments of funds held in accounts permitted or required by the arrangement governing such Permitted Securitization
or any related Indebtedness; provided that such Investment is in the form of a purchase money obligation, contribution of additional Securitization
Assets or equity interests;

(xxiii)advances, loans or extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business by Aristech or Altuglas and Investments consisting
of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of
business;

(xxiv)Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of Uniform Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for collection or
deposit and Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with industry practice;

(xxv)any Investment in securities or other assets not constituting Cash Equivalents and received in connection with a Disposition
made under Section 7.05 or any other disposition of assets not constituting a Disposition;

(xxvi)Investments in prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection and lease, utility and workers compensation, performance
and similar deposits entered into as a result of the operations of the business in the ordinary course of business; and

35

(xxvii)Investments made in the ordinary course of business in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client contracts and
loans or advances made to distributors in the ordinary course of business.

For the avoidance of doubt,
no Loan Party (other than Parent) shall form or acquire any Subsidiary after the Closing Date.

Permitted
Refinancing means, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension of any
Indebtedness of such Person; provided that (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal
amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended except
by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other amounts owing or paid related to such Indebtedness, plus
fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension
and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder which could have been drawn prior to such refinancing, (b) other
than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(j)(v), such modification, refinancing,
refunding, renewal, replacement or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and has a Weighted
Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced,
refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, (c) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant
to Section 7.03(j)(v), at the time thereof, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing,
(d) if such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is Junior Financing, to the extent such Indebtedness
being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, such modification,
refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms at least as
favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed,
replaced or extended, (e) to the extent such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is secured
by the Collateral and/or subject to intercreditor arrangements for the benefits of the Lenders, such modification, refinancing, refunding,
renewal, replacement or extension is either (1) unsecured or (2) secured and, if secured, subject to intercreditor arrangements on terms
at least as favorable (including with respect to priority) to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness
being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, and such modification refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement
or extension is incurred only by one or more Persons who is an obligor of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed,
replaced or extended, (f) any such modification, refinancing, renewal, replacement, or extension has the same primary obligor and the
same (or fewer) guarantors as the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended and (g) if such Indebtedness
being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is unsecured, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal,
replacement or extension is unsecured. Any reference to a Permitted Refinancing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be
interpreted to mean (a) a Permitted Refinancing of the subject Indebtedness and (b) any further refinancings constituting a Permitted
Refinancing of the Indebtedness resulting from a prior Permitted Refinancing.

36

Permitted
Relocation means a cross-border conversion by a Luxembourg Loan Party in accordance with Part 2, Chapter 3 of the Irish Mobility
Regulations and the corresponding Luxembourg legislation where:

(a)the proposed converted company (within the meaning of the Irish Mobility Regulations) is an Irish company; and

(b)on the date of the cross-border conversion no Default or Event of Default has occurred and no Default or Event of Default would
occur as a result of the cross-border conversion; and

(c)the cross-border conversion does not materially and adversely affect the value and enforceability of the guarantees and Collateral
granted by the converting Luxembourg Loan Party; and 

(d)the Collateral Agent receives Irish law governed all asset Collateral substantially equivalent to the corresponding Luxembourg
law governed all asset Collateral in existence immediately prior to the cross-border conversion; and 

(e)if the shares in the converting Luxembourg Loan Party were subject to the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent immediately
prior to such cross-border conversion, the Collateral Agent will receive (provided this does not have the effect of (A) materially and
adversely affecting the value of the relevant Collateral or (B) materially and adversely affecting the enforceability of the relevant
guarantees and Collateral) substantially equivalent Irish law governed Collateral over those shares.

Permitted
Securitization has the meaning given to such term in the Trinseo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective
Date.

Person
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental
Authority or other entity.

PIK Interest Election
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08(c).

Plan
means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by any Loan Party or Subsidiary
or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate, and such plan
for the five-year period immediately following the latest date on which any Loan Party or an ERISA Affiliate maintained, contributed to
or had an obligation to or have had an obligation to contribute to, or otherwise to have liability with respect to such plan.

Pledge
and Security Agreement means the Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective
Date, by and among Holdings, Co-Borrower, Aristech, Altuglas and the Collateral Agent, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented
or modified from time to time.

37

Prime Rate
means the rate of interest per annum last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if
The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the FRB in Federal Reserve
Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted
therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the FRB (as determined
by the Administrative Agent). Any change in the Prime Rate shall take effect at the opening of business on the day such change is publicly
announced or quoted as being effective.

Pro Rata Share
means, with respect to each Lender at any time a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator
of which is the amount of the outstanding Commitments and Term Loans of such Lender at such time and the denominator of which is the amount
of the outstanding Aggregate Commitments and Term Loans of all Lenders at such time.

Projections
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(c).

PTE means
a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.

Qualified Equity
Interests means any Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests.

Quarterly Financial
Statements means unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of comprehensive income and cash
flows of Americas Styrenics for the most recent fiscal quarters (other than the fourth fiscal quarter) after the date of the applicable
Annual Financial Statements and ended at least forty-five (45) days prior to the Closing Date.

R.C.S. Luxembourg
means the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (Registre de Commerece et des Socits, Luxembourg).

Real Property
means, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold, mineral or other estate) in and to any and all parcels of
or interests in real property owned or leased by any Person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all
easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles
and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof.

Recipient
means any Lender or Agent.

Redemption Premium
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(d).

Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(d).

Release
means any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing,
depositing, dispersing or migrating in, into, onto or through the Environment or from or through any facility, property or equipment.

38

Reportable Event
means any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA, with respect to a Pension Plan, other than events for which the notice
period is waived under applicable regulations as in effect on the date hereof.

Required Lenders
means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having more than 50% of the sum of the (a) Total Outstandings and (b) Aggregate Commitments;
provided that, Required Lenders shall include each Designated Lender for so long as such Designated Lender (together with its managed
funds and accounts) holds at least 50% of the Total Outstandings that were held by such Designated Lender (together with its managed funds
and accounts) as of the Closing Date less any voluntary or mandatory prepayments of Term Loans; provided, further,
that the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination
of Required Lenders.

Responsible Officer
means the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer or other similar
officer or a manager (grant) or a director (adminstrateur) of a Loan Party and, as to any document delivered on
the Closing Date, any secretary, authorized signatory or assistant secretary of such Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that
is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted
on behalf of such Loan Party.

Restricted Investment
means an Investment other than a Permitted Investment.

Restricted
Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 11.09(a).

Restricted Payment
means (i) any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interest of any
Loan Party, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account
of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interest, or on account
of any return of capital to a Loan Partys stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof) and (ii) any Restricted
Investment.

Restricted Subsidiary
has the meaning assigned to such term in each of the Trinseo Credit Agreement, the 2025 Notes and the
2029 Notesand the Super-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement, as applicable.

S&P
means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor thereto.

Same Day Funds
means immediately available funds.

Sanctioned Country
means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is the subject or target of any Sanctions.

Sanctioned Person
means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department
of State, the European Union or HerHis Majestys
Treasury of the United Kingdom or the Swiss State Secretariat for Economic Affairs SECO or the Swiss Directorate
of International Law, (b) any Person organized or ordinarily resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person controlled
(as determined by applicable law) by any Person or Persons described in the foregoing clause (a).

39

Sanctions
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.22(b).

SEC means
the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

Second Amendment
Effective Date means December []12,
2024.

Second
Lien Collateral Documents has the meaning given to the term Collateral Documents in the Second Lien Notes Indenture.

Second
Lien Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and
among the Collateral Agent, the Second Lien Trustee and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as Junior Notes Collateral Agent, as may be amended, restated,
amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms thereof.

Second
Lien Notes means secured notes due May 3, 2029, issued pursuant to the Second Lien Notes Indenture in the aggregate original principal
amount of $379,494,400.

Second
Lien Notes Documents means the Second Lien Notes Indenture and all other Note Documents (as defined therein), each as may be amended,
modified, supplemented, replaced or refinanced to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement.

Second
Lien Notes Indenture means the Indenture, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Lead Borrower, the guarantors
party thereto and the Second Lien Trustee, in respect of the Second Lien Notes, as may be amended, modified, supplemented, replaced or
refinanced to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement and the Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement.

Second
Lien Trustee means The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee under the Second Lien Notes Indenture.

Secured Parties
means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders, the Supplemental Agents and each co-agent or sub-agent
appointed by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Security
Agreement means the Pledge and Security Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit
D.

Securitization
Assets has the meaning given to such term in the Trinseo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date.

40

Security
Agreement SupplementSecuritization Subsidiary has the meaning specifiedgiven
to such term in the SecurityTrinseo Credit
Agreement as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date.

SOFR
means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR Administrator
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Borrowing
means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing.

SOFR Loan
means a Term Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base
Rate.

Solvent
and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person (other than a Person organized under Luxembourg law) on any date of
determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities,
including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the
amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person
does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons ability to pay such debts
and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is able to pay all that Persons debts as and when they become due and payable (or,
with respect to any Person incorporated under Irish law, is not unable to pay its debts as and when they become due) and does not fail
or admit in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due, and (e) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction,
and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Persons property would constitute an unreasonably small
capital. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances
existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. With respect to
any Person organized under Luxembourg law, Solvent and Solvency means such Person is not unable to pay its
debts (in particular, it is not in a state of cessation of payments (cessation des paiements) and has not lost its commercial creditworthiness
(branlement de crdit)) and would not become unable to do so.

SPC has
the meaning specified in Section 10.07(j).

Specified
IP means, collectively, (a) the Specified IP Rights and (b) the Specified IP License Agreements. Schedule 5.15 contains a true
and complete list of all patents, trademarks, service marks and copyrights included in the Specified IP that are subject to a registration
or pending application for registration with a Governmental Authority as of the Third Amendment Effective Date.

Specified
IP License Agreements means the Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement, dated January 1, 2022, entered into between
Trinseo Europe, as licensor, and Altuglas, as licensee, with respect to the use of IP Rights that are necessary to operate the businesses
of Altuglas (Altuglas IP License Agreement), and the Technology License Agreement, dated September 1, 2021, entered into
between Trinseo Europe, as licensor, and Aristech, as licensee, with respect to the use of IP Rights that are necessary to operate the
businesses of Aristech (Aristech IP License Agreement).

41

Specified
IP Rights means all IP Rights in North America owned or Controlled by Trinseo Europe that are necessary to operate the businesses
of Aristech and Altuglas, respectively, as currently conducted, provided that the Specified IP Rights shall not include (i) any Trinseo
Marks (except any rights to use the Trinseo Marks that are licensed to Aristech or Altuglas pursuant to the Specified IP License Agreements
or the Amended and Restated Specified IP License Agreements); or (ii) any intent-to-use trademark applications prior to the filing of
a Statement of Use or an Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto, only to the extent, if any, that, and
solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such
intent-to-use trademark application or any registration issuing therefrom under applicable law. For the purposes of this definition, Controlled
means, with respect to any IP Rights, the right to grant a license or sublicense, as applicable, without (i) violating the terms of any
agreement or other arrangement with any other Person; (ii) requiring any consent, approvals or waivers from any other Person; (iii) requiring
the payment of material compensation to any other Person, or resulting in the acceleration of payments to any other Person or diminishment
of any royalties payable to Trinseo Europe; or (iv) incurring any additional material obligation under any agreement or other arrangement
with any other Person.

Subsidiary
of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which (i) a majority
of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other
than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, (ii)
more than half of the issued share capital is at the time beneficially owned or (iii) the management of which is otherwise controlled,
directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.

Successor Parent
shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.

Super-Priority
Revolving Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Trinseo
Lead Borrower, Trinseo Holdings, Trinseo Ireland Holdings Limited, as Intermediate Holdings, Trinseo Co-Borrower, certain of Trinseo Lead
Borrowers subsidiaries identified therein, the senior lenders (as named therein) and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as the administrative
agent and collateral agent for the lenders, together with the related documents thereto (including the revolving loans thereunder, any
letters of credit and reimbursement obligations related thereto, any Guarantees and security documents), as amended, extended, renewed,
restated, refunded, replaced, refinanced, supplemented, modified or otherwise changed from time to time.

Supplemental Agent
has the meaning specified in Section 9.13(a) and Supplemental Agents shall have the corresponding meaning.

Supplier
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(i).

42

Swiss
Federal Tax Administration means the tax authorities referred to in article 34 of the Federal Act on Anticipatory Tax of 13 October
1965 (Bundesgesetz ber die Verrechnungssteuer).

Swiss
Guarantor means a Guarantor incorporated in Switzerland and/or a provider of a security interest under a Collateral Document incorporated
in Switzerland.

Swiss
Security means any Lien created under a Collateral Document which is governed by Swiss law.

Swiss
Withholding Tax means any withholding tax in accordance with the Federal Act on Anticipatory Tax of 13 October 1965 (Bundesgesetz
ber die Verrechnungssteuer).

Taxes
means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees
or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, addition to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term Borrowing
means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term Loans of the same Type and, in the case of SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period
made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(a).

Term Loan
means any Tranche A Term Loan and, Tranche B
Term Loan and Tranche C Term Loan.

Term Note
means a promissory note of the Borrowers payable to any Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit B
hereto, evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Lender resulting from the Term Loans made by such Lender.

Term SOFR
means:

(1)for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest
Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided however
that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable
tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published
by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate
for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is
not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and

(2)for any calculation with respect to an Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the
day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided however that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by
the Term SOFR Administrator, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator
on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by
the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day;

43

provided,
further, that if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso under clause (a1)
or clause (b2) above) shall ever be less than
the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor.

Term SOFR Administrator
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate (or a successor administrator of the
Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and in consultation with the Lead Borrower).

Term SOFR Reference
Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Third
Amendment means that certain Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, by and among,
Parent, Holdings, the Borrowers, the other Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent.

Third
Amendment Effective Date means January 17, 2025.

Third
Amendment Transactions means the Transactions (as such term is defined in the Transaction Support Agreement) described in the Transaction
Support Agreement.

Threshold Amount
means $10,000,000.

Total Outstandings
means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Term Loans.

Tranche A Term Loan
means the term loans made by the Lenders to the Borrowers on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.01(a).

Tranche A Term Loan
Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make Tranche A Term Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(a)
in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 1.01A under the
caption Tranche A Term Loan Commitment. The aggregate amount of the Tranche A Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date
is $128,865,980.

Tranche B Term Loan
means the term loans made by the Lenders to the Borrowers on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.01(b).

44

Tranche B Term Loan
Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make Tranche B Term Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(b)
in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 1.01B under the
caption Tranche B Term Loan Commitment. The aggregate amount of the Tranche B Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date
is $948,385,311.

Tranche
C Term Loan means the term loans made by the Tranche C Lenders to the Borrowers on the Third Amendment Effective Date pursuant
to Section 2.01(c).

Tranche
C Term Loan Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make Tranche C Term Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section
2.01(c) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 1.01D under
the caption Tranche C Term Loan Commitment. The aggregate amount of the Tranche C Term Loan Commitments on the Third Amendment
Effective Date is $115,000,000.

Transaction Expenses
means any fees or expenses incurred or paid by the Loan Parties in connection with the Transactions, this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

Transaction
Support Agreement means that certain Transaction Support Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2024, by and among the parties thereto,
together with all annexes, exhibits, schedules, and attachments thereto and, as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Transactions
means, collectively, (a) the funding of the Tranche A Term Loans on the Closing Date, (b) the issuance by Trinseo LuxCo of the Intercompany
Parent Note and the concurrent contribution of the proceeds thereof by Trinseo LuxCo to Trinseo Holdings and by Trinseo Holdings to Trinseo
Materials (as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement) on the Closing Date, (c) contribution by Trinseo LLC of the JV Interests to the
Co-Borrower, (d) the funding of the Tranche B Term Loans on the Closing Date, (e) entry into 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment,
(f) the refinancing in full of the 2018 Refinancing Term Loans (as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement) with the proceeds of the 2023
Refinancing Term Loans together with cash on hand on the Closing Date, (g) the redemption of not less than $385,000,000 of the principal
amount of the 2025 Senior Notes with the proceeds of the 2023 Incremental Term Loans and cash on hand and (h) the payment of Transaction
Expenses.

Treasury Rate
means with respect to a prepayment, refinancing or acceleration occurring at any time prior to the applicable No Call Expiration Date,
the yield to maturity at the time of computation of United States Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published
in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15(519) that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days prior
to such date of prepayment, refinancing or acceleration (or, if such Federal Reserve Statistical Release referred to in the previous parenthetical
is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data)) most nearly equal to the period from such date of prepayment,
refinancing or acceleration to the applicable No Call Expiration Date; provided that if the period from such prepayment date to
the applicable No Call Expiration Date is not equal to the constant maturity of the United States Treasury security for which a weekly
average yield is given, the weekly average yield on actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity
of one year shall be used.

45

Triggering Event
has the meaning set forth in Schedule 1.01C.

Trinseo Administrative
Agent means Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as the administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders under the Trinseo
Credit Agreement, together with its successors and assigns.

Trinseo Credit Agreement
means the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2017 by and among the Trinseo Lead Borrower, Trinseo Holdings, Trinseo Ireland Holdings
Limited, as Intermediate Holdings, Trinseo Co-Borrower, certain of Trinseo Lead Borrowers subsidiaries identified therein, the
senior lenders (as named therein) and Trinseo Administrative Agent, together with the related documents thereto (including the revolving
loans thereunder, any letters of credit and reimbursement obligations related thereto, any Guarantees and security documents), as amended,
extended, renewed, restated, refunded, replaced, refinanced, supplemented, modified or otherwise changed from time to time, including
pursuant to the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment and,
the 2024 LuxCo Merger Amendment (as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement) and
the 2025 Incremental Amendment.

Trinseo Co-Borrower
means Trinseo Materials Finance, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

Trinseo
Europe means Trinseo Europe GmbH, a Swiss limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschrnkter Haftung) organized
and existing under the laws of Switzerland. 

Trinseo
Europe Security Documents means, collectively, (i) that certain Security Agreement, (ii) that certain Intellectual Property Rights
Pledge Agreement and (iii) that certain Quota Pledge Agreement, in each case, governed by the laws of Switzerland, by Trinseo Europe in
favor of the Collateral Agent, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and as amended, amended and restated,
supplemented or modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and this Agreement.

Trinseo Holdings
means (i) prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, Trinseo Holding S. r.l., a private limited liability company (socit
responsabilit limite), incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office
at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, registered with the R.C.S. Luxembourg under number B153582 and (ii) on and after the Second
Amendment Effective Date, Trinseo LuxCo.

Trinseo Lead Borrower
means (i) prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, Trinseo Materials Operating S.C.A., a partnership limited by shares (socit
en commandite par actions) incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal,
L-2449 Luxembourg, registered with the R.C.S. Luxembourg under number B153586 and (ii) on and after the Second Amendment Effective Date,
Trinseo Holding S. r.l., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite),
incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, registered
with the R.C.S. Luxembourg under number B153582.

46

Trinseo LuxCo
shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.means
Trinseo Luxco S. r.l., a private limited liability company (socit
responsabilit limite), incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office
at 26, boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, registered with the R.C.S. Luxembourg under number B153577.

Trinseo Loan Party
means, each of Trinseo Lead Borrower, Trinseo Co-Borrower and each other Loan Party as such term is defined in the Trinseo
Credit Agreement.

Trinseo
Marks means the TRINSEO trademark, including any word mark, service mark, design, logo, branding, corporate name,
or other source or business identifiers related thereto, whether or not registered, and any derivation, variation, translation or adaptation
thereof, together with all applications, registrations, renewals and extensions thereof and all goodwill associated with any of the foregoing.

Trinseo PLC Luxembourg
Share Pledge Agreement means, the Luxembourg law governed share pledge agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective
Date, pursuant to which Successor Parent pledges to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, all the shares issued by the
Lead Borrower.

Type
means, with respect to a Term Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan.

Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Uniform Commercial
Code or UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may from time to time be in effect in the State of
New York or the Uniform Commercial Code (or similar code or statute) of another jurisdiction, to the extent it may be required to apply
to any item or items of Collateral.

United States
and U.S. mean the United States of America.

U.S. Government
Securities Business Days means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes
of trading in United States government securities.

U.S.
Security Agreement For Foreign Guarantors means that certain Security Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2023, by the Foreign Guarantors
party thereto in favor of the Collateral Agent, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or modified from time to time in accordance
with the terms thereof and this Agreement, including as amended and restated on the Third Amendment Effective Date.

USA Patriot Act
means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public
Law 107-56.

47

VAT means
(a) any tax imposed in compliance with the Council Directive of November 28, 2006 on the common system of value added tax (EC Directive
2006/112) and (b) any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in a member state of the European Union in substitution for, or levied
in addition to, such tax referred to in clause (a) above, or imposed elsewhere.

Weighted Average
Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (i) the sum
of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the amount of each then remaining scheduled installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or
other required scheduled payments of principal, including payment at final scheduled maturity, in respect thereof, by (b) the number of
years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (ii) the then outstanding
principal amount of such Indebtedness; provided, that the effects of any prepayments made on such Indebtedness shall be disregarded
in making such calculation.

wholly owned
means, with respect to a Subsidiary of a Person, a Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Equity Interests of which (other than
(x) directors qualifying shares and (y) shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Law) are owned
by such Person and/or by one or more wholly owned Subsidiaries of such Person.

Write-Down and Conversion
Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority
from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described
in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.

Section
1.02Luxembourg Terms. Luxembourg legal concepts expressed in English terms in this Agreement may not correspond
to the original Luxembourgish, French or German terms relating thereto. Without prejudice to the generality of any provision of this
Agreement, in this Agreement where it relates to a Luxembourg Loan Party, a reference to:

(a)a winding-up, administration or dissolution includes, without limitation, bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary
or judicial liquidation (liquidation volontaire ou judiciare), administrative dissolution without liquidation (dissolution administrative
sans liquidation), moratorium or reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement) or any of the
out of court or in-court reorganization procedures as provided for in the Luxembourg law of 7 August 2023 on the preservation of enterprises
and modernizing bankruptcy law, fraudulent conveyance (actio pauliana), general settlement with creditors, reorganization
or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally;

(b)a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar officer includes,
without limitation, a juge dlgu, commissaire, juge-commissaire, mandataire ad hoc, administrateur provisoire,
liquidateur, or curateur, mandataire de justice
or conciliateur mandataire de justice or conciliateur;

(c)a lien or security interest includes, without limitation, any hypothque, nantissement, gage,
privilge, transfert de proprit titre de garantie, gage sur fonds de commerce, droit de rtention,
and any type of security in rem (sret relle) or agreement or arrangement having a similar effect and any
transfer of title by way of security;

48

(d)a guarantee includes any garantie which is independent from the debt to which it relates, any professional payment
guarantee (garantie professsionelle de paiement) within the meaning of the Luxembourg law on professional payment guarantees dated
10 July 2020, and any suretyship (cautionnement) within the meaning of Articles 2011 et seq. of the Luxembourg Civil Code;

(e)a person being unable to pay its debts includes that person being in a state of cessation of payments (cessation de paiements);
and

(f)Organization Documents includes its up-to-date (restated) articles of association (statuts coordonns);

(g)a manager includes a grant;

(h)an agent includes, without limitation, a mandataire;

(i)creditors process or attachment means an executory attachment (saisie excutoire) or a conservatory attachment
(saisie conservatoire);

(j)Equity Interests includes parts sociales;

(k)gross negligence means faute lourde;

(l)willful misconduct means dol or faute dolosive; and

(m)commencing negotiations with two or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness includes any
negotiations conducted in order to reach an amicable agreement (accord amiable).

Section
1.03Reserved.

Section
1.04Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless
otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document:

(a)The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms.

(b)The words herein, hereto, hereof and hereunder and words of similar
import when used in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof.

(c)Article, Section, Exhibit and Schedule references are to the Loan Document in which such reference appears.

(d)The term including is by way of example and not limitation.

49

(e)The term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports,
financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form.

(f)In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means
from and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the
word through means to and including.

(g)Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect
the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

Section
1.05Accounting Terms. (a)(a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be
construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted
pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein.

(b)Notwithstanding any changes in GAAP after the Closing Date, any lease of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries that would be
characterized as an operating lease under GAAP in effect on December 31, 2018 (whether such lease is entered into before or after the
Closing Date) shall not constitute Indebtedness or Attributable Indebtedness under this Agreement or any other Loan Document as a result
of such changes in GAAP.

Section
1.06Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Lead Borrower pursuant to this Agreement
(or required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement) shall be calculated by dividing the
appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is
expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding up if there is no nearest number).

Section
1.07References to Agreements, Laws, Etc. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references to Organization
Documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments,
restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, extensions,
supplements and other modifications are permitted by the Loan Documents; and (b) references to any Law shall include all statutory and
regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law.

Section
1.08Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to
United States Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable).

Section
1.09Timing of Payment of Performance. When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant,
duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other
than as described in the definition of Interest Period) or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day.

50

Section
1.10Reserved.

Section
1.11Currency Equivalents. For purposes of any computation determining compliance with any incurrence or expenditure
tests set forth in Article VI and Article VII or any definitions contained in Section 1.01, any amounts so incurred, expended or utilized
(to the extent incurred, expended or utilized in a currency other than Dollars) shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the Exchange
Rate (or on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) as in effect on the date of such incurrence,
expenditure or utilization under any provision of any such Section or definition that has an aggregate Dollar limitation provided for
therein (and to the extent the respective incurrence, expenditure or utilization test regulates the aggregate amount outstanding at any
time and it is expressed in terms of Dollars, all outstanding amounts originally incurred or spent in currencies other than Dollars shall
be converted into Dollars on the basis of the Exchange Rate (or on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent) as in effect on the date of any new incurrence, expenditure or utilization made under any provision of any such Section that regulates
the Dollar amount outstanding at any time).

Section
1.12Reserved2025 Transactions..

Each Lender hereby acknowledges
and agrees that the 2025 Transactions, whether consummated prior to, on or after the Third Amendment Effective Date, shall be and are
permitted under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document.

Section
1.13Reserved.

Section
1.14Reserved.

Section
1.15Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have
any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related
to Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition
thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition
or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or
produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate,
Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any
Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the
calculation of Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark
Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select
information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other
Benchmark, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including
direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise
and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information
source or service.

51

Article
II

The Commitments and Credit Extensions

Section
2.01Term Loans.

(a)Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender with a Tranche A Term Loan Commitment severally, and not jointly,
agrees to make the Tranche A Term Loans to the Borrowers on the Closing Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such Lenders
Tranche A Term Loan Commitment.

(b)Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender with a Tranche B Term Loan Commitment severally, and not jointly,
agrees to make the Tranche B Term Loans to the Borrowers on the Closing Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such Lenders
Tranche B Term Loan Commitment.

(c)Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender with a Tranche C Term Loan Commitment severally, and not jointly,
agrees to make the Tranche C Term Loans to the Borrowers on the Third Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed the
amount of such Lenders Tranche C Term Loan Commitment.

(d)(c) Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(a)and, (b) and (c)
and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term Loans may be Base Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as further provided herein.

Section
2.02Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans. (a) Each Term Borrowing, each conversion of Term
Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of SOFR Loans shall be made upon the Lead Borrowers irrevocable notice
to the Administrative Agent, which must be given in writing or via electronic mail. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative
Agent not later than 4:00 p.m. (New York, New York time) one day prior to the Closing Date, with respect to the Borrowings on the Closing
Date, and with respect to any other Borrowing, conversion or continuation, 1:00 p.m. (New York, New York time) (i) three (3) Business
Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, or conversion of Base Rate Loans to, SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars and (ii)
one (1) Business Day before the requested date of any Borrowing of, or conversion of SOFR Loans to, Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars.
Each notice by the Lead Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must be a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and
signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower and delivered to the Administrative Agent. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation
of SOFR Loans shall be in a minimum Dollar Amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of a Dollar Amount of $1,000,000 in excess thereof.
Each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a minimum Dollar Amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of a Dollar
Amount of $500,000 in excess thereof. Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Borrowers are requesting a Term Borrowing,
a conversion of Term Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of SOFR Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion
or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Term Loans to be borrowed, converted
or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Term Loans are to be converted, (v) if applicable, the duration
of the Interest Period with respect thereto and (vi) the Borrowers wiring instructions. If with respect to SOFR Loans, the Lead
Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Lead Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting
a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Class of Term Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any such automatic
conversion pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect
with respect to the applicable SOFR Loans. If the Lead Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of SOFR Loans
in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of
one (1) month.

52

(d)Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Pro
Rata Share of the applicable Class of Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Lead Borrower,
the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation described
in Section 2.02(a). In the case of each Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Term Loan available to the Administrative
Agent in Dollars in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agents Office not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York, New York time) on the
Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon receipt of all requested funds, the Administrative Agent shall make
all funds so received available to the Borrowers in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent by wire transfer of such funds,
in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Lead Borrower.

(e)Except as otherwise provided herein, a SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such
SOFR Loan unless the Borrowers pay the amount due, if any, under Section 3.05 in connection therewith. During the existence of
an Event of Default, at the election of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, no Term Loans denominated in Dollars may be
requested as, converted to or continued as SOFR Loans.

(f)The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest
Period for SOFR Loans upon determination of such interest rate. The determination of the Term SOFR by the Administrative Agent shall be
conclusive in the absence of manifest error. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the
Borrower and the Lenders of any change in the Prime Rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public
announcement of such change.

(g)After giving effect to all Term Borrowings, all conversions of Term Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of
Term Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than five (5) Interest Periods in effect.

53

(h)The failure of any Lender to make the Terms Loans to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender
of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Term Loans on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the
failure of any other Lender to make the Term Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.

(i)Each Lender may, at its option, make any Term Loan available to any Borrower by causing any foreign or domestic branch or Affiliate
of such Lender to make such Term Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of such Borrower
to repay such Term Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject in each case to Sections 3.01 and 3.04 hereof.

Section
2.03Reserved

Section
2.04Reserved

Section
2.05Prepayments. (a) (i) The Borrowers may, upon notice by the Lead Borrower to the Administrative
Agent, at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay at par plus the Applicable Prepayment Premium, if any, any Class or Classes
of Term Loans; provided that (1) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (A) 1:00 p.m. (New York, New
York time) three (3) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of SOFR Loans (unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent)
and (B) 11:00 a.m. (New York, New York time) one (1) Business Day prior to the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans; (2) any prepayment
of SOFR Loans shall be in a principal Dollar Amount of $5,000,000, or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; and (3) any prepayment
of Base Rate Loans shall be in a minimum principal amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof or, in each
case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such prepayment notice shall specify the date and amount of
such prepayment and the Class(es) and Type(s) of Term Loans and the order of Borrowing(s) to be prepaid. The Administrative Agent will
promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lenders Pro Rata Share of such prepayment.
If such notice is given by the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice
shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a SOFR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon,
together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. In the case of each prepayment of Loans pursuant to this
Section 2.05(a), the Borrower may in its sole discretion select the Borrowing or Borrowings to be repaid, and such payment shall
be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares or other applicable share provided for under this Agreement.

(i)[Reserved].

(ii)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Lead Borrower may rescind any notice of prepayment under
Section 2.05(a)(i) if such prepayment would have resulted from a refinancing of all outstanding Term Loans, which refinancing shall
not be consummated or shall otherwise be delayed.

(iii)Each prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(a)(i) shall be applied to one or more Classes of Term Loans as directed by the
Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent by written notice at or prior to the time of such prepayment or, to the extent the Lead Borrower
has not provided such notice to the Administrative Agent by the time of such prepayment, ratably across each class of Term Loans. Each
prepayment of any Class of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(a)(i) shall reduce future scheduled amortization payments of principal
thereof pursuant to Section 2.07(a) as directed by the Lead Borrower by written notice to the Administrative Agent at or prior
to the time of such prepayment or, to the extent the Lead Borrower has not provided such notice to the Administrative Agent by the time
of such prepayment, in the direct order of maturity to the applicable Class of Term Loans.

54

(iv)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.05, the Lenders may reject in accordance with the procedures
set forth Section 2.05(b)(viii) any voluntary prepayment made with the proceeds of an intercompany loan that is made by a LimitedForeign
Guarantor to the Lead Borrower in lieu of a payment that is required to be made directly under the LimitedForeign
Guaranty, in each case, as a result of the sale of any assets of, or the Equity Interests in, any LimitedForeign
Guarantor.

(e)Mandatory. (i) [Reserved]

. (i) If either of Aristech or
Altuglas Disposes of any property or assets pursuant to Section 7.05(f)(xiv) or (xxi) or any Casualty Event occurs with respect to any
property or assets of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, then Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, shall cause to be prepaid on or
prior to the date which is five (5) Business Days after the date of the realization or receipt thereby of such Net Proceeds an aggregate
principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to 100% of all Net Proceeds realized or received (minus the amount of interest due
and owing thereon); provided, that, if no Event of Default exists and Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, intends in good faith
to use any portion of such proceeds to acquire, maintain, develop, construct, improve, upgrade or repair assets useful in the business
of the Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, in each case within 180 days of such receipt, such portion of such proceeds shall not be
required to be used to repay the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(i), except to the extent not, within 180 days of such receipt,
so used to acquire, maintain, develop, construct, improve, upgrade or repair assets useful in the business of the Aristech or Altuglas,
in which case Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, shall cause to be prepaid on the date that is 180 days following the receipt of such
Net Proceeds an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans (minus the amount of interest due and owing therein) in an amount equal to the
portion of Net Proceeds that have not been so reinvested.

(i)JV Sale. Upon the occurrence of any JV Sale, the Borrowers shall cause to be prepaid on or prior to the date which is two
(2) Business Days after the date of realization or receipt by the Co-Borrower or any other Loan Party of any Net Proceeds, an aggregate
principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to 100% of all Net Proceeds so realized or received (minus the amount of interest and
Applicable Sale Premium due and owing thereon), together with accrued interest to the date of such payment on the aggregate principal
amount of Term Loans so prepaid and the Applicable Sale Premium, if any.

(ii)JV Dividends. Upon the receipt by the Co-Borrower of any cash dividends from Americas Styrenics (other than (i) dividends
received on account of a JV Sale and (ii) Excess Cash Distributions (as such term is defined in the JV Agreement)) (such dividends,
Irregular Dividends), in excess of $5,000,000 in any fiscal year (the Annual Threshold), the
Co-Borrower shall cause to be prepaid on or prior to the date which is three (3) Business Days after the date of realization or receipt
by the Co-Borrower of such Irregular Dividends in excess of the Annual Threshold, an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans in an amount
equal to (A) 100% of such Irregular Dividends in excess of the Annual Threshold (minus the amount of interest and Applicable Sale Premium
due and owing thereon), together with accrued interest to the date of such payment on the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans so
prepaid and the Applicable Sale Premium, if any.

55

(iii)Trinseo Credit Agreement. (A) If the Lead Borrower receives any proceeds as a result of any mandatory prepayment of the
2023 Refinancing Term Loans or, the 2023 Incremental
Term Loans or the 2025 Incremental Term Loans pursuant to Sections 2.05(b)(i) or 2.05(b)(ii) of the Trinseo Credit Agreement
or any functionally equivalent provisions thereunder, the Borrowers shall cause to be prepaid on or prior to the date which is two (2)
Business Days after the date of receipt of such proceeds an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to 100% of such
proceeds (minus the amount of interest due and owing thereon), together with all accrued interest to the date of such payment on the aggregate
principal amount of Term Loans so prepaid, but without any premium or penalty.

(B) If
the Lead Borrower receives any proceeds as a result of (x) any voluntary prepayment of the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans or,
the 2023 Incremental Term Loans or the 2025 Incremental Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(a)
of the Trinseo Credit Agreement or any functionally equivalent provision thereunder or (y) any mandatory prepayment of the 2023 Refinancing
Term Loans or, the 2023 Incremental
Term Loans or the 2025 Incremental Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(iii) of the Trinseo Credit Agreement or any functionally
equivalent provision thereunder, the Borrowers shall cause to be prepaid on or prior to the date which is two (2) Business Days after
the date of receipt of such proceeds an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to 100% of such proceeds (minus the
amount of interest and Applicable Sale Premium due and owing thereon), together with all accrued interest to the date of such payment
on the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans so prepaid and the Applicable Prepayment Premium.

(iv)Excess Interest and Excess Amortization. Following the JV Sale, if (A) the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, calculated on
a pro forma basis in accordance with Section 1.10 of the Trinseo Credit Agreement, exceeds 3.503.75:1.00
as of the most recently ended Test Period (as such term is defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement) following
the JV Sale and (B) the Lead Borrower receives any Excess Interest or Excess Amortization at any time following
the JV Sale, the Borrowers shall cause to be prepaid on or prior to the date which is two (2) Business Days after the date
of receipt of such Excess Interest or Excess Amortization an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to 100% of Excess
Interest and Excess Amortization (minus the amount of interest due and owing thereon), together with accrued interest to the date of such
payment on the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans so prepaid, but without any premium or penalty.

(v)Indebtedness. If any Loan Party incurs or issues any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness not prohibited under Section
7.03), the Borrowers shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to 100% of all Net Proceeds
received therefrom on or prior to the date which is one (1) Business Day after such Net Proceeds are received by any Loan Party, together
with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and the Applicable Prepayment Premium thereon.

56

(vi)Each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) (A) shall be applied ratably to each Class of Term Loans
then outstanding (other than any such Incremental Term Loans that are junior to the Tranche A Term Loans and,
the Tranche B Term Loans and the Tranche C Term Loans in right of payment or right of security),
(B) shall be applied, with respect to future amortization applicable to each such Class for which prepayments will be made, in a manner
determined at the discretion of the Lead Borrower in the applicable notice and, if not specified, in direct order of maturity to repayments
thereof required pursuant to Section 2.07(a); provided that any mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(ii), (iii)
and (v) shall be applied in the inverse order of maturity and (C) shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective
Pro Rata Share of each such Class of Term Loans, subject to clause (viii) of this Section 2.05(b).

(vii)The Lead Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans required to be made
pursuant to (A) clause (i), (ii) or (vi) of this Section 2.05(b) by 4:00
p.m. (New York, New York time) one (1) Business Day prior to the date of such prepayment and (B) clauses (iii), (iv)(iv) or
(v) of this Section 2.05(b) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall
specify the date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment. The Administrative
Agent will promptly notify each Lender of the contents of the Lead Borrowers prepayment notice and of such Lenders Pro Rata
Share of the prepayment. Each Lender may reject all or a portion of its Pro Rata Share of (x) any mandatory prepayment (such declined
amounts, the Declined Proceeds) of Term Loans required to be made pursuant to clauses (iii), (iv) and
(v) of this Section 2.05(b) and/or (y) a voluntary prepayment made pursuant to Section 2.05(a) with the proceeds
of an intercompany loan that is made by a LimitedForeign
Guarantor to the Lead Borrower in lieu of a payment that is required to be made directly under the LimitedForeign
Guaranty, in each case, as a result of the sale of any assets of, or the Equity Interests in, any LimitedForeign
Guarantor, in each case by providing written notice (each, a Rejection Notice) to the Administrative Agent and the
Lead Borrower no later than 4:00 p.m. one Business Day prior to such prepayment. Each Rejection Notice from a given Lender shall specify
the principal amount of the mandatory repayment of Term Loans to be rejected by such Lender. If a Lender fails to deliver a Rejection
Notice to the Administrative Agent within the time frame specified above or such Rejection Notice fails to specify the principal amount
of the Term Loans to be rejected, any such failure will be deemed an acceptance of the total amount of such mandatory prepayment of Term
Loans. Any Declined Proceeds shall be offered to the Lenders not so declining such prepayment on a pro rata basis in accordance with the
amounts of the Term Loans of such Lender (with such non-declining Lenders having the right to decline any prepayment with Declined Proceeds
at the time and in the manner specified by the Administrative Agent). To the extent such non-declining Lenders elect to decline their
Pro Rata Share of such Declined Proceeds, any Declined Proceeds remaining thereafter shall be retained by the Borrowers (such remaining
Declined Proceeds, the Borrower Retained Prepayment Amounts). Notwithstanding the foregoing and solely to the extent
there are any Declined Proceeds in connection with any prepayment pursuant to clause (iv) of this Section 2.05(b), the Lead
Borrower shall (x) decline an equivalent amount of Net Proceeds that are due to the Lead Borrower in its capacity as the 2023 Refinancing
Term Loan Lender or the 2023 Incremental2025
Term Loan Lender, as applicable, under and pursuant to the Trinseo Credit Agreement and (y) prepay the Term Loans of each Lender that
has accepted or was deemed to accept such prepayment in accordance with such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the Net Proceeds actually
received from the Trinseo Lead Borrower.

57

(f)Funding Losses, Etc. All prepayments under this Section 2.05 shall be made together with, in the case of any
such prepayment of a SOFR Loan on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period therefor, any amounts owing in respect of such
SOFR Loan pursuant to Section 3.05.

(g)JV Sale; Applicable Prepayment Premium Event. If any JV Sale or Applicable Prepayment Premium Event, as applicable, occurs,
then the Borrowers will pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares, the
Applicable Sale Premium, in the case of a JV Sale, and the Applicable Prepayment Premium in the event of an Applicable Prepayment Premium
Event (as applicable, the Redemption Premium). In any such case, the Redemption Premium shall constitute part of
the Obligations payable by the Borrowers (and guaranteed by the Guarantors) in respect of the Term Loans, which Obligations are guaranteed
by the Guarantors and secured by the Collateral, and constitutes liquidated damages, not unmatured interest or a penalty, as the actual
amount of damages to the Lenders as a result of any JV Sale or the relevant Applicable Prepayment Premium Event, as applicable, would
be impracticable and extremely difficult to ascertain. The Redemption Premium is provided by mutual agreement of the Borrowers and the
Guarantors and the Lenders as a reasonable estimation and calculation of such actual lost profits and other actual damages of such Lenders.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that upon the occurrence of any JV Sale or any Applicable
Prepayment Premium Event, as applicable, the Redemption Premium shall be automatically and immediately due and payable as though any Term
Loans subject to such JV Sale or such Applicable Prepayment Premium Event were voluntarily prepaid as of the earliest such date and shall
constitute part of the Obligations payable by the Borrowers (and guaranteed by the Guarantors) in respect of the Term Loans, which Obligations
are secured by the Collateral. The Redemption Premium shall also be automatically and immediately due and payable if the Term Loans are
satisfied, released or discharged by foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise), deed in lieu of foreclosure or
by any other means. THE BORROWERS AND THE GUARANTORS HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE (TO THE FULLEST EXTENT THEY MAY LAWFULLY DO SO) THE PROVISIONS
OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR OTHER LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING REDEMPTION PREMIUM IN CONNECTION
WITH ANY SUCH EVENTS, ANY RESCISSION OF SUCH ACCELERATION OR THE COMMENCEMENT OF ANY BANKRUPTCY OR INSOLVENCY EVENT. The Borrowers and
the Guarantors expressly agree (to the fullest extent it and they may lawfully do so) that with respect to the Redemption Premium payable
under the terms of this Agreement: (i) the Redemption Premium is reasonable and is the product of an arms length transaction between
sophisticated business parties, ably represented by counsel; (ii) the Redemption Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then-prevailing
market rates at the time payment is made; (iii) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and the Borrowers and the Guarantors
giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the Redemption Premium; and (iv) the Borrowers and the Guarantors
shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this paragraph. The Borrowers and the Guarantors expressly
acknowledge that their agreement to pay the Redemption Premium as herein described is a material inducement to the Lenders agreement
to enter into this Agreement.

Section
2.06Termination or Reduction of Commitments.

(a)[Reserved].

58

(b)Mandatory. The Tranche A Term Loan Commitment and the Tranche B Term Loan Commitment of each Lender shall be automatically
and permanently reduced to $0 upon the funding of Tranche A Term Loans and the Tranche B Term Loans, as applicable, on the Closing Date.
The Tranche C Term Loan Commitment of each Lender shall be automatically and permanently reduced to $0 upon
the funding of Tranche C Term Loans on the Third Amendment Date.

(c)[Reserved].

Section
2.07Repayment of Loans.

(a)Term Loans. (i) The Borrowers shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders (A) on the
first Business Day of each April, July, October and January, (x) in the case of the Tranche A Term Loans
and the Tranche B Term Loans, commencing January 2, 2024 and (y) in the case of the Tranche C
Term Loans, commencing July 1, 2025, an aggregate principal amount equal to (x) in the case of
Term Loan (other than the Tranche C Term Loans), 0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans (other
than the Tranche C Term Loans) as of the Closing Date and (y) in the case of the Tranche C Term Loans, 0.25% of the aggregate principal
amount of the Tranche C Term Loans as of the first borrowing thereof (in each case, which payments shall be reduced as a result
of the application of prepayments in accordance with the order of priority set forth in Section 2.05) and (B) on the Maturity Date,
the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans outstanding on such date.

(b)Reserved.

(c)Reserved.

Section
2.08Interest. (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08(b), (i) each Term Loan that is maintained
as a SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to
the sum of (A) the Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus (B) the Applicable Margin therefor and (ii) each Term Loan that is maintained
as a Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per
annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin therefor.

(d)During the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), the Borrowers shall pay interest on past
due amounts owing by it hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable Laws; provided that no interest at the Default Rate shall accrue or be payable to a Defaulting Lender so
long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender. Accrued and unpaid interest on such amounts (including interest on past due interest)
shall be due and payable upon demand.

59

(e)Interest on each Term Loan shall be due and payable in cash in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at
such other times as may be specified herein; provided that upon six (6) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative
Agent at any time on or prior to the 24 month anniversary of the Closing Date, the Borrowers may
elect for any Interest Period to pay in kind up to 50% of interest on the Applicable Margin that accrues on
or prior to the date that is the 24 month anniversary of the Closing Date
(such election, a PIK Interest Election) (it being understood that all interest accruing
on the Term Loans shall be paid in cash on and after the date that is the 24 month anniversary after the Closing Date). In
the event the Borrowers make a PIK Interest Election, the portion of the Applicable Margin that is paid in kind shall be increased by
100 basis points. For the avoidance of doubt, for any period during which a PIK Interest Election is in effect, (i) in the case of any
Term Loan maintained as a Base Rate Loan, 3.75% of the Applicable Margin shall be payable in cash and 4.75% of the Applicable Margin shall
be paid in kind and (ii) in the case of any Term Loan maintained as a SOFR Loan, 4.25% of the Applicable Margin shall be payable in cash
and 5.25% of the Applicable Margin shall be paid in kind. Any portion of accrued interest on any Term Loan that is paid in kind pursuant
to this Section 2.08(c) shall automatically, by operation of the terms hereof, without the requirement for any Person to take any
action or cause anything to be done in order to effectuate such payment, be deemed paid on the due date therefor, by deeming the equivalent
Dollar Amount of such accrued interest to be automatically capitalized as an equivalent principal amount of the Term Loans, and, accordingly,
such accrued interest amount shall be compounded onto, and added to the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans outstanding immediately
after to such payment. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and
before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.

(f)[Reserved].

(g)[Reserved].

(h)In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes
from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such
Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan
Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes
in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR.

Section
2.09Fees.

(a)Administrative Agent Fee. The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, the administrative
agent fees as have been previously agreed in writing or as may be agreed in writing from time to time, including but not limited to, those
set forth in the Agent Fee Letter.

(b)Lender Fee. The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender on the Closing
Date, the fees set forth in the Lender Fee Letter.

(c)Other Fees. EachWith respect to the
Term Loans (other than the Tranche C Term Loans), each of the Applicable Sale Premium and the Applicable Prepayment Premium
shall be deemed earned upon the Closing Date and shall be payable upon any JV Sale or Applicable Prepayment Premium Event, if any, in
respect of the Term Loan (other than the Tranche C Term Loans) subject to such Applicable Sale
Premium or the Applicable Prepayment Premium, as applicable. With respect to the Tranche C Term Loans, each
of the Applicable Sale Premium and the Applicable Prepayment Premium shall be deemed earned upon the Third Amendment Effective Date and
shall be payable upon any JV Sale or Applicable Prepayment Premium Event, if any, in respect of the Tranche C Term Loans subject to such
Applicable Sale Premium or the Applicable Prepayment Premium, as applicable.

60

Section
2.10Computation of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans when the Base Rate is
determined by the Prime Rate shall be made on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty-five (365) days, or three hundred
and sixty-six (366) days, as applicable, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis
of a three hundred and sixty (360) day year and actual days elapsed. Interest shall accrue on each Term Loan for the day on which the
Term Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Term Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Term Loan or such portion is
paid; provided that any Term Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest
for one (1) day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for
all purposes, absent manifest error.

Section
2.11Evidence of Indebtedness. (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one
or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and evidenced by one or more entries in the Register maintained by the Administrative
Agent, acting solely for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 5f.103-1(c), as non-fiduciary agent for the Borrowers, in each case in
the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be prima facie
evidence absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the interest and payments
thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers
hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained
by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative
Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made to the Borrowers, the Borrowers shall execute
and deliver to such Lender a Term Note payable to such Lender, which shall evidence such Lenders Term Loans in addition to such
accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Term Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and
maturity of its Term Loans and payments with respect thereto.

(d)[Reserved].

(e)Entries made in good faith by the Administrative Agent in the Register pursuant to Section 2.11(a), and by each Lender in
its account or accounts pursuant to Section 2.11(a), shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of principal and interest
due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrowers to, in the case of the Register, each Lender and, in the case of such
account or accounts, such Lender, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, absent manifest error; provided that the failure
of the Administrative Agent or such Lender to make an entry, or any finding that an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account
or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

61

Section
2.12Payments Generally. (a) All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made without condition or deduction
for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder
shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative
Agents Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 4:00 p.m. (New York, New York time) on the dates specified herein.
The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share as provided herein) of
such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lenders applicable Lending Office. All payments received by the
Administrative Agent after 4:00 p.m. (New York, New York time) in the case of payments in Dollars may, at the Administrative Agents
discretion, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue.

(d)If any payment to be made by the Borrowers shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next
following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be; provided
that, if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of SOFR Loans to be made in the next succeeding calendar month,
such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day.

(e)Unless the Lead Borrower or any Lender has notified the Administrative Agent, prior to the date any payment is required to be made
by it to the Administrative Agent hereunder, that the Borrowers or such Lender, as the case may be, will not make such payment, the Administrative
Agent may assume that the Borrowers or such Lender, as the case may be, has timely made such payment and may (but shall not be so required
to), in reliance thereon, make available a corresponding amount to the Person entitled thereto. If and to the extent that such payment
was not in fact made to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds, then:

(i)if the Borrowers failed to make such payment, each Lender shall forthwith on demand repay to the Administrative Agent the
portion of such assumed payment that was made available to such Lender in Same Day Funds, together with interest thereon in respect of
each day from and including the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to such Lender to the date such amount
is repaid to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the applicable Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect; and

(ii)if any Lender failed to make such payment, such Lender shall forthwith on demand pay to the Administrative Agent the amount
thereof in Same Day Funds, together with interest thereon for the period from the date such amount was made available by the Administrative
Agent to the Borrowers to the date such amount is recovered by the Administrative Agent (the Compensation Period)
at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. When such Lender makes payment to the Administrative
Agent (together with all accrued interest thereon), then such payment amount (excluding the amount of any interest which may have accrued
and been paid in respect of such late payment) shall constitute such Lenders Term Loan included in the applicable Borrowing. If
such Lender does not pay such amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agents demand therefor, the Administrative Agent may make
a demand therefor upon the Borrowers, and the Borrowers shall pay such amount to the Administrative Agent, together with interest thereon
for the Compensation Period at a rate per annum equal to the rate of interest applicable to the applicable Borrowing. Nothing herein shall
be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent
or the Lead Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder.

62

A notice of the Administrative
Agent to any Lender or the Lead Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this Section 2.12(c) shall be conclusive, absent
manifest error.

(a)If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Term Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the
foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Borrowers by the Administrative Agent because
the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms
hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.

(b)The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Term Loans are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Term
Loan shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for
the failure of any other Lender to so make its Term Loan.

(c)Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Term Loan in any particular place or manner or
to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Term Loan in any particular place or
manner.

(d)Whenever any payment received by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents is insufficient
to pay in full all amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents on any date, such payment shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent and applied by the Administrative Agent and
the Lenders in the order of priority set forth in Section 8.03. If the Administrative Agent receives funds for application to the Obligations
of the Loan Parties under or in respect of the Loan Documents under circumstances for which the Loan Documents do not specify the manner
in which such funds are to be applied, the Administrative Agent may (to the fullest extent permitted by mandatory provisions of applicable
Law), but shall not be obligated to, elect to distribute such funds to each of the Lenders in accordance with such Lenders Pro
Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all Term Loans or other Obligations then owing to such Lender.

Section
2.13Sharing of Payments. (a) If, other than as expressly provided elsewhere herein, any Lender shall
obtain on account of the Term Loans made by it any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of setoff,
or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other share contemplated hereunder) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) notify
the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Term Loans made by them as shall
be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment in respect of such Term Loans or such participations, as the
case may be, pro rata with each of them; provided that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from
the purchasing Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into
by the purchasing Lender in its discretion), such purchase shall to that extent be rescinded and each other Lender shall repay to the
purchasing Lender the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount equal to such paying Lenders ratable share (according
to the proportion of (i) the amount of such paying Lenders required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing
Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered, without
further interest thereon. The Borrowers agree that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable Law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of setoff, but subject to Section 10.09) with
respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrowers in the amount of such participation.
The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations
purchased under this Section 2.13 and will in each case notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender
that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices,
requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to
the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased.

63

(d)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) the provisions of the preceding
Section 2.13(a) shall be subject to (x) the express provisions of this Agreement which require, or permit, differing payments to
be made to non-Defaulting Lenders as opposed to Defaulting Lenders and (y) the express provisions of Section 3.07, which permit
disproportionate payments with respect to the Term Loans as, and to the extent, provided therein.,
and (ii) any Lender may obtain and retain (without any requirement to share) any payment on account of the Term Loans in excess of its
ratable share (or other share contemplated hereunder) to the extent such payment was received in connection with any transaction or series
of related transactions with respect to which each then existing Lender is offered a bona fide opportunity to participate on the same
terms (other than bona fide backstop, put option, arrangement or restructuring fees or premiums) as offered to all other participants
(or their affiliates); provided, however, that if any such Lender does not accept an offer to participate in such transaction or series
of related transactions to the extent of its pro rata share, such Lender shall be deemed to have declined such offer.

Section
2.14Reserved.

Section
2.15Reserved.

Section
2.16 Incremental Credit Extensions. 

Section
2.16(a) Reserved.

(b)
Reserved. 

(c)
Reserved. 

(d)
Reserved. 

(e)
Reserved. 

(f)
Reserved.

64

(g)
Reserved.

(h)
Incremental Equivalent Debt. The Borrowers may, upon notice by
the Lead Borrower to the Administrative Agent, at any time after the Closing Date, issue, incur or otherwise obtain Indebtedness of Borrowers
in respect of a single series of senior or subordinated notes or loans (which may be unsecured or secured solely on a junior lien basis
to the Term Loans), and, in the case of notes, issued in a public offering, Rule 144A or other private placement or bridge in lieu of
the foregoing (the Incremental Equivalent Debt); providedthat (i) the aggregate principal amount of Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred or issued under this clause (h) does not
exceed $115,000,000, (ii) no Person other than a Loan Party shall provide a Guarantee or otherwise be an obligor with respect to such
Incremental Equivalent Debt, (iii) the obligations in respect thereof shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset other than the Collateral,
(iv) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or
would exist immediately after giving effect to such incurrence, (v) the security agreements and other collateral documents relating to
such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be substantially similar to the Collateral Documents (with such differences as are reasonably satisfactory
to the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion), (vi) such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be subject to a lien subordination and intercreditor
arrangement reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Borrower and the Required Lenders, (vii) such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall have a
final maturity date which is no earlier than 91 days after the then Maturity Date and a Weighted Average Life to Maturity which is no
shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term Loans, (viii) such Incremental Equivalent Debt that is junior in right
of payment or security with respect to the Term Loans may only participate in any such mandatory repurchases and prepayments with respect
to customary offers to repurchase and prepayment events upon an asset sale or event of loss on a junior basis to the Term Loans, (ix)
[reserved] and (x) except as otherwise set forth in this clause (h), such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall have terms and conditions
(other than with respect to pricing, fees, rate floors and optional prepayment or redemption terms) substantially similar to, or (taken
as a whole) no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower) to the lenders or holders providing such Incremental Equivalent
Debt, than those applicable to the Term Loans (except for covenants or other provisions (a) conformed (or added) in the Loan Documents,
for the benefit of the Lenders holding the Term Loans, pursuant to an amendment thereto subject solely to the reasonable satisfaction
of the Required Lenders or (b) applicable only to periods after the Maturity Date at the time of the issuance or incurrence of such Incremental
Equivalent Debt). The Borrowers will use the proceeds of the Incremental Equivalent Debt (if any) solely to exchange, redeem or refinance
in full the 2025 Senior Notes that remain outstanding after the Closing Date.

(i)
Reserved.

(j)
This Section 2.16shall supersede any provisions in Section
2.13or Section 10.01to the contrary.

Section
2.17Reserved.

Section
2.18Reserved.

65

Section
2.19Defaulting Lenders.

(a)Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender,
then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:

(i)Waivers and Amendments. That Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent
with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 10.01.

(ii)Reallocation of Payments. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative
Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise)
shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any
amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the funding of any Term Loan in respect
of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative
Agent; third, to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if
(x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Term Loans in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded
its appropriate share and (y) such Term Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.03 were satisfied
or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Term Loans of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to
being applied to the payment of any Term Loans of that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to
a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that
Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.

(iii)Reserved.

(b)Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in writing that a Defaulting Lender should
no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective
date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that
portion of outstanding Term Loans of the other Lenders, whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that
except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute
a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender.

Section
2.20Borrower Obligations Joint and Several. (a) Each Borrower hereby designates and appoints the Lead Borrower
as its agent, attorney-in-fact and legal representative on its behalf for all purposes, including issuing Committed Loan Notices; giving
instructions with respect to the disbursement of the proceeds of the Term Loans; paying, prepaying and reducing loans, commitments, or
any other amounts owing under the Loan Documents; selecting interest rate options; giving, receiving, accepting and rejecting all other
notices, consents or other communications hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents; and taking all other actions (including
in respect of compliance with covenants) on behalf of any Borrower or the Borrowers under the Loan Documents. The Lead Borrower hereby
accepts such appointment. The Administrative Agent and each Lender may regard any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan
Document from the Lead Borrower on behalf of one or more Borrowers as a notice or communication from such Borrower. Each warranty, covenant,
agreement and undertaking made on behalf of the Co-Borrower by the Lead Borrower shall be deemed for all purposes to have been made by
such Borrower and shall be binding upon and enforceable against such Borrower to the same extent as if the same had been made directly
by such Borrower. Any action, notice, delivery, receipt, acceptance, approval, rejection or any other undertaking under any of the Loan
Documents to be made by the Lead Borrower in respect of the Obligations of the Co-Borrower shall be deemed, where applicable, to be made
in the Lead Borrowers capacity as representative and agent on behalf of each Borrower, and any such action, notice, delivery,
receipt, acceptance, approval, rejection or other undertaking shall be deemed for all purposes to have been made by such Borrower and
shall be binding upon and enforceable against such Borrower to the same extent as if the same had been made directly by such Borrower.

66

(d)The Borrowers shall have joint and several liability in respect of all Obligations hereunder and under any other Loan Document
to which any Borrower is a party, without regard to any defense (other than the defense that payment in full in Same Day Funds has been
made), setoff or counterclaim which may at any time be available to or be asserted by any other Loan Party against the Lenders, or by
any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the Borrowers) which constitutes, or might be construed to
constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of either Borrowers liability hereunder, in bankruptcy or in any other instance, and
the Obligations of the Borrowers hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Lenders or any other person
at any time of any right or remedy against either Borrower or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all
or any part of the Obligations or against any Collateral or Guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. Each Borrower
hereby acknowledges that this Agreement is the joint and several obligation of each Borrower (regardless of which Borrower shall have
delivered a Committed Loan Notice) and may be enforced against each Borrower separately, whether or not enforcement of any right or remedy
hereunder has been sought against any other Borrower. Each Borrower hereby expressly waives, with respect to any of the Term Loans made
to any other Borrower hereunder and any of the amounts owing hereunder by such other Loan Parties in respect of such Term Loans, diligence,
presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any Lender exhaust
any right, power or remedy or proceed against such other Loan Parties under this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred
to herein or against any other person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of such amounts owing hereunder.

Section
2.21Benchmark Replacement Setting. (a) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower
may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark
Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative
Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Lead Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received,
by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark
with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.20(a) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date.

67

(d)Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any
further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(e)Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lead Borrower and
the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection
with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Lead Borrower
of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.20(d) and (v) the commencement of any Benchmark
Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender
(or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.20, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any
selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from
any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section
2.20.

(f)Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at
any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate
(including Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service
that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor
for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period
(or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative
tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information
service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not
or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition
of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate
such previously removed tenor.

(g)Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Lead Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability
Period, (i) the Lead Borrower may revoke any pending request for a SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be
made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Lead Borrower will be deemed to have converted
any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will
be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period
or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of Base Rate based upon the then-current
Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of Base Rate.

68

Section
2.22Tax Treatment. Each of the Loan Parties, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agree (a) that the Term
Loans are debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (b) that such debt instrument is issued with OID, (c) that such debt instrument is
described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1272-1(c)(2) and therefore is governed by the rules set out in Treasury Regulations Section
1.1272-1(c), including Section 1.1272-1(c)(5), and is not governed by the rules set out in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1275-4, (d)
that the Lead Borrower shall determine the amount of OID on the Term Loans, and (e) to adhere to this treatment for U.S. federal income
tax purposes (including withholding obligations of the Borrowers, if any) and not to take any action or file any tax return, report or
declaration inconsistent herewith (including with respect to the amount of OID on the Term Loans as determined in accordance with clause
(e)). This Section 2.22 is not an admission by any holder that it is subject to U.S. taxation.

Article
III

Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality

Section
3.01Taxes.

(a)Payments Free of Taxes. Except as provided in this Section 3.01, or as required by
applicable Law, any and all payments made by or on account of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and
without deduction or withholding for any and all present or future Taxes, excluding, in the case of each Agent and each Lender, (1) Taxes
imposed on or measured by its net income, however denominated, franchise Taxes imposed on it in lieu of net income Taxes, and branch
profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed by a jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which such
Lender or Administrative Agent is organized or the jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which
such Lenders or Administrative Agents principal office or applicable Lending Office is located, or (ii) that are Other Connection
Taxes, (2) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 3.01(d), and (3) any U.S. federal withholding
Taxes imposed under FATCA (all such excluded Taxes being hereinafter referred to as Excluded Taxes, and (x) all Taxes,
other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any
Loan Document and (y) to the extent not otherwise described in (x), Other Taxes, being hereinafter referred to as Indemnified
Taxes). If the Loan Party or other applicable withholding agent shall be required by any Laws to deduct or withhold any Taxes
from or in respect of any sum payable under any Loan Document to any Recipient, (i) if such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the sum
payable by such Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions or withholdings (including deductions
or withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01), each of such Recipient receives an amount equal
to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made, (ii) the applicable withholding agent shall make such
deductions or withholdings, (iii) the applicable withholding agent shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant taxation
authority or other authority in accordance with applicable Laws, and (iv) within thirty (30) days after the date of such payment (or,
if receipts or evidence are not available within thirty (30) days, as soon as possible thereafter), if the Loan Party is the applicable
withholding agent, such Loan Party shall furnish to the Agent the original or a copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof or other
evidence reasonably acceptable to the Agent.

69

In addition, each Borrower (jointly
and severally) agrees to timely pay any and all present and future stamp, transfer, sales and use, court or documentary Taxes and any
other excise, property, intangible or mortgage recording Taxes, or charges or levies of the same character, imposed by any Governmental
Authority, which arise from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration
of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, including additions
to Tax, penalties and interest related thereto (all taxes described in this paragraph of Section 3.01(a) being hereinafter referred to
as Other Taxes), save for any Luxembourg Taxes payable upon a voluntary registration of the Loan Document with the
Registration and Estates department (Administration de lEnregistrement, des Domaines et de la TVA), if such voluntary registration
is not required to maintain, preserve, establish or enforce the rights of that Loan Party.

(b)Indemnification by the Borrowers. Each Borrower (jointly and severally) and each Guarantor
agrees to indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days demand therefor, for (i) the full amount of Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified
Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01) payable or paid by such Recipient or required
to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and (ii) any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto,
whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority; provided
such Recipient, as the case may be, provides the Lead Borrower or such Guarantor with a written statement thereof setting forth in reasonable
detail the basis and calculation of such amounts. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Lead Borrower
or such Guarantor by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf
of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(c)Indemnification by the Lenders. To the extent required by any applicable Law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from
any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative
Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that
any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of
the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.07(e)
relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are
payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with
respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate
as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest
error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender
under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to
the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (c).

70

(d)Tax Administration Formalities.

(i)Each Recipient that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan
Document shall deliver to the requesting Loan Party and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the such
Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by such Loan Party or
the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the preceding sentence, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation shall not be required
if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission (1) would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed
cost or expense (it being understood that the completion, execution and submission of any documentation no more burdensome than that required
for U.S. federal income withholding will not for purposes of this subsection (1) give rise to an exception from the preceding sentence
and shall not be considered material unreimbursed cost or expense) or (2) would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position
of such Lender (it being understood that the completion, execution and submission of the applicable United States Internal Revenue Service
Form W-8 shall not give rise to an exception from the preceding sentence or otherwise be considered prejudicial to the position of a Recipient);
provided, however, that in no event shall the Lenders be required to provide its Tax returns or its calculations.

(ii)Each Recipient shall confirm whether it is entitled to receive payments under any Loan Document free from withholding under FATCA
and shall provide any documentation, forms and other information relating to its status under FATCA reasonably requested by the Loan Parties
sufficient for the Loan Parties to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine whether such Recipient has complied with
such applicable reporting requirements.

(iii)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,

(A)any Lender that is a U.S. person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or about the date on which such
Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; and

(B)any Lender that is not a U.S. person shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under
this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), applicable
Internal Revenue Service Form W-8, together with all required attachments, certifying the status of such Lender and, if applicable, its
beneficial owners, including in the case of a Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c)
of the Code, a certificate to the effect that such Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the
Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled
foreign corporation related to the Borrower described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

71

Each Recipient agrees that if
any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form
or certification, provide such successor form, or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability
to do so.

(e)Designation of Different Lending Office. If any Recipient requests compensation under Section 3.04, or requires the
Borrowers or any Loan Party to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Recipient or any Governmental Authority for the
account of any Recipient pursuant to Section 3.01, then such Recipient shall (at the request of the Lead Borrower) use reasonable
efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Term Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations
hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Recipient, such designation or assignment (i)
would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, and (ii)
would not subject such Recipient to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Recipient. The
Borrowers hereby agree to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Recipient in connection with any such designation or assignment.

(f)Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund in respect
of any Indemnified Taxes as to which indemnification or additional amounts have been paid to it by any Loan Party pursuant to this Section
3.01, it shall promptly remit such refund to the Loan Party, net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Recipient, as the
case may be and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant taxing authority with respect to such refund net of any
Taxes payable by any Recipient on such interest); provided that the Loan Parties, upon the request of the Recipient, as the case
may be, agree promptly to return such refund (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant taxing authority)
to such party in the event such party is required to repay such refund to the relevant taxing authority. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will the Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Loan Party pursuant to this paragraph
(f) the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Recipient would have been in if
the Taxes subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification
payments or additional amounts with respect to such Taxes had never been paid. This section shall not be construed to require any Recipient
to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrowers or any other
Person.

(g)Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of
the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment,
satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

(h)All amounts set forth in a Loan Document to be payable by any Loan Party to a Lender or Agent which (in whole or in part) constitute
the consideration for a supply or supplies for VAT purposes shall be deemed to be exclusive of any VAT which is chargeable on such supply
or supplies, and accordingly, subject to paragraph (j) below, if VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Lender or Agent
to any Loan Party under a Loan Document and such Lender or Agent is required to account to the relevant taxing authority for the VAT,
that Loan Party shall pay to the relevant Lender or Agent (in addition to and at the same time as paying any other consideration for such
supply) an amount equal to the amount of such VAT (and such Lender or Agent shall promptly provide an appropriate VAT invoice to such
Loan Party).

72

(i)If VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Lender or Agent (the Supplier) to any other Lender
or Agent (the Recipient) under a Loan Document, and any Loan Party other than the Recipient (the Subject
Party) is required by the terms of any Loan Document to pay an amount equal to the consideration for such supply to the Supplier
(rather than being required to reimburse the Recipient in respect of that consideration) (i) (where the Supplier is the Person required
to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Subject Party must also pay to the Supplier (at the same time as paying that
amount) an additional amount equal to the amount of the VAT. The Recipient must (where this sub-paragraph (i) applies) promptly pay to
the Subject Party an amount equal to any credit or repayment the Recipient receives from the relevant tax authority which the Recipient
reasonably determines relates to the VAT chargeable on that supply; and (ii) (where the Recipient is the person required to account to
the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Subject Party must promptly, following demand from the Recipient, pay to the Recipient an
amount equal to the VAT chargeable on that supply but only to the extent that the Recipient reasonably determines that it is not entitled
to credit or repayment from the relevant tax authority in respect of that VAT.

(j)Where a Loan Document requires any Loan Party to reimburse or indemnify a Lender or Agent for any cost or expense, that Loan Party
shall reimburse or indemnify (as the case may be) such Lender or Agent for the full amount of such cost or expense, including such part
thereof as represents VAT, save to the extent that such Lender or Agent reasonably determines that it is entitled to credit or repayment
in respect of such VAT from the relevant tax authority.

(k)Any reference in paragraphs 3.01(h)-(l) to any Party shall, at any time when such Party is treated as a member of a group or unity
(or fiscal unity) for VAT purposes, include (where appropriate and unless the context otherwise requires) a reference to the person who
is treated at that time as making the supply, or (as appropriate) receiving the supply, under the grouping rules (provided for in Article
11 of Council Directive 2006/112/EC (or as implemented by the relevant member state of the European Union) or any other similar provision
in any jurisdiction which is not a member state of the European Union) so that a reference to a Party shall be construed as a reference
to that Party or the relevant group or unity (or fiscal unity) of which that Party is a member for VAT purposes at the relevant time or
the relevant representative member (or head) of that group or unity (or fiscal unity) at the relevant time (as the case may be).

(l)In relation to any supply made by a Party to any other Party under a Loan Document, if reasonably requested by such Party, that
other Party must promptly provide such Party with details of that other Partys VAT registration and such other information as is
reasonably requested in connection with such Partys VAT reporting requirements in relation to such supply.

Section
3.02Illegality. If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority
has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund SOFR Loans, then, on notice
thereof by such Lender to the Borrowers through the Administrative Agent, any obligation of such Lender to make or continue SOFR Loans
shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such
determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Lead Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to
the Administrative Agent), prepay or convert all of such Lenders SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base
Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to
the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate) either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue
to maintain such SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans; and (y)
if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon Term SOFR, the Administrative
Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR component
thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine
or charge interest rates based upon Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest
on the amount so prepaid or converted and all amounts due, if any, in connection with such prepayment or conversion under Section 3.05.
Each Lender agrees to designate a different Lending Office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the
good faith judgment of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender.

73

Section
3.03Inability to Determine Rates. Subject to Section 2.20, if, on or prior to the first day of any
Interest Period for any SOFR Loan:

(a)the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term
SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or

(b)the applicable Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto
or a continuation thereof that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and
fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Term Loan, and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such
determination to the Administrative Agent,

then, in each case, the Administrative Agent will
promptly so notify the Lead Borrower and each Lender.

Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent
to the Lead Borrower, any obligation of the applicable Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans
or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods)
until the Administrative Agent (with respect to clause (b), at the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt
of such notice, (i) the Lead Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to
the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Lead Borrower will be deemed to have converted
any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding
affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. Upon any
such conversion, the Lead Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required
pursuant to Section 3.05. If the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest
error) that Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on Base
Rate Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the definition
of Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination.

74

Section
3.04Increased
Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy. (a) If any Lender reasonably determines that as a result of the introduction
of or any change in or in the interpretation of any Law, in each case after the Closing Date, or such Lenders compliance therewith,
there shall be any increase in the cost to such Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining any SOFR Loans, or a reduction
in the amount received or receivable by such Lender in connection with the foregoing (excluding for purposes of this Section 3.04(a)
any such increased costs or reduction in amount resulting from (1) Indemnified Taxes or Excluded Taxes or (2) reserve requirements contemplated
by Section 3.04(c)) and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining
the SOFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligations to make any Term Loan), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by
such Lender, then from time to time within fifteen (15) days after demand by such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail such increased
costs (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent given in accordance with Section 3.06), the Borrowers shall pay to
such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduction.

(d)If any Lender determines that the introduction of any Law regarding capital adequacy or any change therein or in the interpretation
thereof, in each case after the Closing Date, or compliance by such Lender (or its Lending Office) therewith, has the effect of reducing
the rate of return on the capital of such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender as a consequence of such Lenders obligations
hereunder (taking into consideration its policies with respect to capital adequacy and such Lenders desired return on capital),
then from time to time upon demand of such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the charge and the calculation of such reduced rate
of return (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent given in accordance with Section 3.06), the Borrowers shall pay
to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender for such reduction within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such
demand.

(e)[Reserved].

(f)[Reserved].

(g)Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver
of such Lenders right to demand such compensation.

(h)If any Lender requests compensation under this Section 3.04, then such Lender will, if requested by the Lead Borrower, use
reasonable efforts to designate another Lending Office for any Term Loan affected by such event; provided that such efforts are
made on terms that, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its Lending Office(s) to suffer no material economic,
legal or regulatory disadvantage, and provided further that nothing in this Section 3.04(f) shall affect or postpone
any of the Obligations of the Borrowers or the rights of such Lender pursuant to Section 3.04(a), (b) or (c).

75

(i)For purposes of this Section 3.04, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules,
regulations, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements
and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or
similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall, in each case, be
deemed to have gone into effect after the date hereof, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

Section
3.05Funding Losses. Upon written demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time
to time, which demand shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such amount, the Borrowers shall promptly compensate
such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense actually incurred by it as a result of:

(a)any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any SOFR Loan of either Borrower on a day other than the last day
of the Interest Period for such Term Loan; or

(b)any failure by the Borrowers (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Term Loan) to prepay, borrow,
continue or convert any SOFR Loan of the Borrowers on the date or in the amount notified by the Lead Borrower;

including any loss or expense (excluding loss
of anticipated profits) arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Term Loan or from fees payable
to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained.

Section
3.06Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation. (a) Any Agent or any Lender claiming compensation under this Article
III shall deliver a certificate to the Lead Borrower setting forth the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder which
shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. In determining such amount, such Agent or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging
and attribution methods.

(d)With respect to any Lenders claim for compensation under Section 3.01, 3.02, 3.03 or 3.04, the
Lead Borrower shall not be required to compensate such Lender for any amount incurred more than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior
to the date that such Lender notifies the Lead Borrower of the event that gives rise to such claim; provided that, if the circumstance
giving rise to such claim is retroactive, then such 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive
effect thereof. If any Lender requests compensation by the Borrowers under Section 3.04, the Lead Borrower may, by notice to such
Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), suspend the obligation of such Lender to make or continue from one Interest Period to
another applicable SOFR Loan, or, if applicable, to convert Base Rate Loans into SOFR Loans, until the event or condition giving rise
to such request ceases to be in effect (in which case the provisions of Section 3.06(c) shall be applicable); provided that
such suspension shall not affect the right of such Lender to receive the compensation so requested.

76

(e)If the obligation of any Lender to make or continue any SOFR Loan, or to convert Base Rate Loans into SOFR Loans, shall be suspended
pursuant to Section 3.06(b) hereof, such Lenders applicable SOFR Loans shall be automatically converted into Base Rate Loans
(or, if such conversion is not possible, repaid) on the last day(s) of the then current Interest Period(s) for such SOFR Loans (or, in
the case of any immediate conversion required by Section 3.02, on such earlier date as required by Law) and, unless and until such
Lender gives notice as provided below that the circumstances specified in Section 3.02, 3.03 or 3.04 hereof that
gave rise to such conversion no longer exist:

(i)to the extent that such Lenders SOFR Loans have been so converted, all payments and prepayments of principal that would
otherwise be applied to such Lenders applicable SOFR Loans shall be applied instead to its Base Rate Loans; and

(ii)all Term Loans that would otherwise be made or continued from one Interest Period to another by such Lender as SOFR Loans shall
be made or continued instead as Base Rate Loans (if possible), and all Base Rate Loans of such Lender that would otherwise be converted
into SOFR Loans shall remain as Base Rate Loans.

(f)If any Lender gives notice to the Lead Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) that the circumstances specified in Section
3.02, 3.03 or 3.04 hereof that gave rise to the conversion of any of such Lenders SOFR Loans pursuant to this
Section 3.06 no longer exist (which such Lender agrees to do promptly upon such circumstances ceasing to exist) at a time when
SOFR Loans made by other Lenders are outstanding, if applicable, such Lenders Base Rate Loans shall be automatically converted,
on the first day(s) of the next succeeding Interest Period(s) for such outstanding SOFR Loans, to the extent necessary so that, after
giving effect thereto, all Term Loans held by the Lenders holding SOFR Loans and by such Lender are held pro rata (as to principal
amounts, interest rate basis, and Interest Periods) in accordance with their respective Commitments.

Section
3.07Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances. (a) If at any time (i) the Borrowers become obligated to
pay additional amounts or indemnity payments described in Section 3.01 or 3.04 as a result of any condition described in
such Sections or any Lender ceases to make any SOFR Loans as a result of any condition described in Section 3.02 or Section
3.04, (ii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender or (iii) any Lender becomes a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Lead Borrower
may on ten (10) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent and such Lender and, in the case of clause (y)
below only, with the prior written consent of the Required Lenders; provided that such consent shall not be required in the case of the
termination of Commitments of Defaulting Lenders, (x) replace such Lender by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated
to) assign, at par, pursuant to Section 10.07(b) (with the assignment fee to be paid by the Lead Borrower in such instance) all
of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees, none of which shall constitute a Defaulting Lender;
provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to the Lead Borrower to find a replacement
Lender or other such Person; and provided further that (A) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation
under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction
in such compensation or payments and (B) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender,
the applicable Eligible Assignees shall have agreed to, and shall be sufficient (together with all other consenting Lenders) to cause
the adoption of, the applicable departure, waiver or amendment of the Loan Documents; or (y) terminate the Commitment of such Lender
and repay all Obligations of the Lead Borrower owing to such Lender relating to the Term Loans; provided that in the case of any such
termination of a Non-Consenting Lender such termination shall be sufficient (together with all other consenting Lenders) to cause the
adoption of the applicable departure, waiver or amendment of the Loan Documents.

77

(d)Any Lender being replaced pursuant to Section 3.07(a) above shall (i) execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption
with respect to such Lenders applicable Commitment and outstanding Term Loans, and (ii) deliver any Term Notes evidencing
such Term Loans to the Lead Borrower or Administrative Agent. Pursuant to such Assignment and Assumption, (A) the assignee Lender shall
acquire all or a portion, as the case may be, of the assigning Lenders Commitment and outstanding Term Loans, (B) all obligations
of the Borrowers owing to the assigning Lender relating to the Term Loans, Commitments shall be paid in full by the assignee Lender to
such assigning Lender (other than any amounts owing to the assigning Lender pursuant to Section 3.05, which shall be paid in full
by the Borrowers) concurrently with such Assignment and Assumption and (C) upon such payment and, if so requested by the assignee Lender,
delivery to the assignee Lender of the appropriate Term Note or Term Notes executed by the Borrowers, the assignee Lender shall become
a Lender hereunder and the assigning Lender shall cease to constitute a Lender hereunder with respect to such assigned Term Loans and
Commitments, except with respect to indemnification provisions under this Agreement, which shall survive as to such assigning Lender.
In connection with any such replacement, if any such Non-Consenting Lender or Defaulting Lender does not execute and deliver to the Administrative
Agent a duly executed Assignment and Assumption reflecting such replacement within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the assignee
Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Assumption to such Non-Consenting Lender or Defaulting Lender, then such Non-Consenting
Lender or Defaulting Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Assumption without any action on the part
of the Non-Consenting Lender or Defaulting Lender.

(e)[Reserved].

(f)In the event that (i) the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent has requested that the Lenders consent to a departure or waiver
of any provisions of the Loan Documents or agree to any amendment thereto, (ii) the consent, waiver or amendment in question requires
the agreement of all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 or all the Lenders with respect to a certain
Class of the Term Loans and (iii) the Required Lenders have agreed (but solely to the extent required by Section 10.01) to such
consent, waiver or amendment, then any Lender who does not agree to such consent, waiver or amendment shall be deemed a Non-Consenting
Lender.

Section
3.08Survival. All of obligations of the Lead Borrower and the Co-Borrower under this Article III shall
survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder.

78

Article
IV

Conditions Precedent to Credit Extensions

Section
4.01Conditions Precedent to Funding of Tranche A Term Loans. The obligation of each Lender to make the Tranche
A Term Loans on the Closing Date is subject at the time of the making of such Tranche A Term Loans to the satisfaction of the following
conditions:

(a)Credit Agreement; Term Notes. This Agreement shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers and each
Guarantor and there shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of each of the Lender, a Term Note executed
by the Borrowers in favor of each Lender in respect of the Tranche A Term Loans, in each case in the amount, maturity and as otherwise
provided herein.

(b)Security. (i) The Lenders shall have received the results of (x) Uniform Commercial Code lien searches and (y) judgment
and tax lien searches and other customary searches, made with respect to the Domestic Loan Parties in the states or other jurisdictions
of formation of such Person and with respect to such other locations and names listed on the Perfection Certificate, together with (in
the case of clause (x)) copies of the financing statements (or similar documents) disclosed by such search, (ii) the SecurityPledge
Agreement shall have been duly executed and delivered by each Domestic Loan Party, (iii) the Intercompany Parent Note and accompanying
allonge; (iv) each of the Luxembourg Share Pledge Agreement and the Luxembourg Receivables Pledge Agreement shall have been duly executed
and delivered by each relevant Loan Party; (v) certificates representing the pledged Equity Interest of the Borrowers accompanied
by undated stock powers executed in blank (or the equivalent in other jurisdictions, including with respect to the Lead Borrower a copy
of its shareholders' register (registre des associs) evidencing the registration of the pledge created under the Luxembourg
Share Pledge Agreement) and (vi) documents and instruments to be recorded, filed or stamped (including the UCC financial statements) that
the Collateral Agent and the Lenders may deem reasonably necessary to satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

(c)Legal Opinions. The Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of itself, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders,
an opinion of (A) Ropes & Gray LLP, special counsel for the Loan Parties and (B) from each local counsel for the Foreign Loan Parties
(or counsel for the Lenders if it is customary in the relevant jurisdiction for such counsel to deliver such opinion), in each case, dated
the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, in each case in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and customary for senior secured credit facilities in transactions of this kind.

(d)Solvency Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate from the chief financial
officer of Parent, or, if no chief financial officer has been appointed, from a Responsible Officer of Parent, in the form of Exhibit
G hereto.

79

(e)Luxembourg Deliverables. The Administrative Agent shall have received for each Luxembourg Loan Party, a certificate
signed by a manager (grant) of such Luxembourg Loan Party dated as of the Closing Date including the following documents
and certifications (i) its up-to-date articles of association, (ii) a copy of the resolutions duly adopted by the board of managers of
such Luxembourg Loan Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such Luxembourg Loan Party
is a party and the granting of Liens to secure the Loan Parties Obligations hereunder, and, in the case of the Lead Borrower, the
borrowings hereunder, (iii) an excerpt (extrait) from the R.C.S. Luxembourg dated as of the Closing Date, (iv) a certificate of
non-registration of judicial decisions or of administrative dissolution without liquidation (certificat de non-inscription d'une dcision
judiciaire ou de dissolution administrative sans liquidation), from by the R.C.S. Luxembourg dated as of the Closing Date, (v) it
is not subject to nor, as applicable, does it meet or threaten to meet the criteria of bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, administrative
dissolution without liquidation (dissolution administrative sans liquidation), voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation
volontaire ou judiciaire), composition with creditors (concordat prventif de faillite),
controlled management (gestion contrle), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), general
settlement with creditors, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally in Luxembourg or abroad, or any
analogous procedure in any jurisdiction, nor subject to any proceedings under the Insolvency Regulation, no application has been made
or is to be made by its managers or, as far as it is aware, by any other person for the appointment of a commissaire, juge-commissaire,
liquidateur, curateur or similar officer pursuant to any voluntary or judicial insolvency, winding-up, liquidation or similar
proceedings, it is not in a cessation of payments (cessation de paiements) and has not lost its creditworthiness (branlement
de crdit), (vi) specimen signatures of each person authorised to executed the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (vii)
it complies with the Luxembourg legislation and regulations on the domiciliation of companies, and in particular with the Luxembourg Act
dated 31 May 1999 on the domiciliation of companies, as amended from time to time, (viii) that borrowing, securing or guaranteeing, as
applicable, the Aggregate Commitments, will not exceed any borrowing, security, guarantee or similar limit binding on such Luxembourg
Loan Party to be exceeded, and (ix) that each copy document relating to it specified in this Article IV (Conditions Precedent to Credit
Extensions) is correct, complete and in full force and effect as at a date no earlier than the Closing Date.

(f)Insurance. The Administrative Agent shall have received certificates of insurance complying with the requirements
of Section 6.07(b) for the business of the Borrowers, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
and naming the Collateral Agent as an additional insured and/or as loss payee.

(g)Organization Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a copy of the Organization Documents, including
all amendments thereto, of each Loan Party (other than a Luxembourg Loan Party), certified, if applicable, as of a recent date by the
Secretary of State of the state of its organization, and a certificate as to the good standing or comparable certificate under applicable
law (where relevant) of each Loan Party (other than a Luxembourg Loan Party) as of a recent date, from such Secretary of State or similar
Governmental Authority and (ii) a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary or other Responsible Officer under applicable law
of each Loan Party (other than a Luxembourg Loan Party) dated the Closing Date and certifying (where relevant) (A) that attached thereto
is a true and complete copy of the Organization Documents of such Loan Party as in effect on the Closing Date, (B) that attached thereto
is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors or board of managers (or equivalent governing body)
of such Loan Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such Person is a party and the granting
of Liens to secure the Loan Parties Obligations hereunder, and, in the case of the Borrowers, the borrowings hereunder, and that
such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect, (C) (save in respect of each Luxembourg
Loan Party) that the Organization Documents of such Loan Party have not been amended since the date of the last amendment thereto shown
on the certificate of good standing or comparable certificate under applicable law furnished pursuant to clause (i) above, (D) as
to (if applicable) the incumbency and specimen signature of each Responsible Officer executing any Loan Document on behalf of such Loan
Party and countersigned by another officer or manager as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary
or comparable officer under applicable law executing the certificate pursuant to clause (ii) above, (E) if required by the articles
of association or laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization of any Loan Party (if applicable) or in the context of
any pledge of shares granted over the shares in the capital in any Loan Party, a copy of a resolution of the general meeting or a resolution
in writing signed by all the holders of the issued shares (if applicable) of that company, (F) if applicable, a copy of a resolution signed
by the supervisory board of the relevant Loan Party, and (G) such other matters that are customarily included in a certificate of this
nature in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization.

80

(h)Designation. On or before the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to
it that each of the Co-Borrower and Holdings have been designated by the Board of Directors of the Trinseo Lead Borrower as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary for purposes of, in accordance with and pursuant to the Trinseo Credit Agreement, the 2025 Senior Notes and the 2029
Senior Notes, respectively.

(i)Fees, Etc. All duties, fees, reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses)
and other compensation contemplated hereby, payable to the Agents (including pursuant to the Agent Fee Letter) and the Lenders (including
pursuant to the Lender Fee Letter) or otherwise payable in respect of the Transactions shall have been paid to the extent due.

(j)USA PATRIOT Act. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received all documentation and other information
required by regulatory authorities with respect to the Borrowers reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent under applicable know
your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act.

(k)Equity Contribution. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received a certificate duly executed by
a Responsible Officer of the Parent certifying that with the proceeds of the Tranche A Term Loans, the Lead Borrower will immediately
make the Intercompany Parent Note to Parent, and immediately thereafter, Parent will make an equity contribution in an amount not less
than $125,000,000 to Trinseo Holdings, and Trinseo Holdings will immediately thereafter contribute the same to Trinseo Lead Borrower,
which equity contribution shall be designated as an Excluded Contribution (as such term is defined in the 2025 Senior Indenture
and the 2029 Senior Indenture) for purposes of the 2025 Senior Indenture and the 2029 Senior Indenture (the Equity Contribution).

81

Section
4.02Conditions Precedent to Funding of Tranche B Term Loans. The obligation of each Lender to make the Tranche
B Term Loans on the Closing Date is subject at the time of the making of such Tranche B Term Loans to the satisfaction of the following
conditions:

(a)JV Interests. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received a true, correct and complete copy of the
transfer agreement pursuant to which Trinseo LLC has transferred the JV Interests to the Co-Borrower and an Officers Certificate
duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Co-Borrower certifying that, upon giving effect to such transfer, the Co-Borrower directly
owns the JV Interests free and clear of all Liens.

(b)Term Notes. A Term Note executed by the Borrowers in favor of each Lender in respect of the Tranche B Term Loans,
in each case in the amount, maturity and as otherwise provided herein.

(c)2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment; Refinancing. The Lead Borrower shall substantially simultaneously with
the funding of the Tranche B Term Loans enter into the 2023 Incremental and Refinancing Amendment.

(d)Equity Contribution. The Equity Contribution shall have been consummated.

Section
4.03All Credit Events. The obligation of each Lender to make any Credit Extension (other than a Committed
Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Term Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of SOFR Loans) is subject to the following
conditions precedent:

(a)The representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in Article V and in each other Loan Document shall
be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension with the same effect as though made on and
as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall
be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date.

(b)No Default or Event of Default shall exist or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of
the proceeds therefrom.

(c)The Administrative Agent shall have received a Committed Loan Notice in respect of the requested Borrowing in accordance
with the requirements hereof.

Each Committed Loan Notice requesting a Credit
Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Term Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of SOFR
Loans) submitted by the Lead Borrower after the Closing Date shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified
in Sections 4.034.03 (a)
and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension.

For purposes of determining
compliance with the conditions specified in Sections 4.01, 4.02 and 4.03 on the Closing Date, each Lender that has
signed or authorized the signing of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been satisfied with each document or other matter under Sections
4.01, 4.02 and 4.03 that is required to be acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall
have received written notice from such Lender prior to the Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.

82

Article
V

Representations and Warranties

Each of the Loan Parties represents
and warrants to the Agents and the Lenders on the Closing Date and at the time of each Credit Extension that:

Section
5.01Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws. Each Loan Party (a) is a Person duly organized
or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (to the extent
such concept exists in such jurisdiction), (b) has all requisite power and authority to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its
business as currently conducted and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a
party, (c) is duly qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in such jurisdiction) under the Laws of each jurisdiction
where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, (d) is in compliance
with all Laws, orders, writs and injunctions and (e) has all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals
to operate its business as currently conducted; except, in each case referred to in clause (a) (other than with respect to each
Borrower), (b)(i) (other than with respect to each Borrower), (c), (d) or (e), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
5.02Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan
Document to which such Person is a party, and the consummation of the Transactions, are within such Loan Partys corporate or other
powers, (a) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and (b) do not (i) contravene the
terms of any of such Persons Organization Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation
of any Lien under (other than as permitted by Section 7.01), or require any payment to be made under (x) any Contractual Obligation
to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or (y) any material order, injunction, writ
or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject, or (iii) violate any material
Law; except with respect to any conflict, breach, contravention or payment (but not the creation of any Lien) referred to in clause (ii)(x),
to the extent that such conflict, breach, contravention or payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
5.03Governmental Authorization; Other Consents. (a) No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other
action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with (a)
the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for
the consummation of the Transactions, (b) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents,
(c) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Collateral Documents (including the priority thereof) or (d) the exercise
by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant
to the Collateral Documents, except for (i) filings and registrations necessary to perfect, as applicable, the Liens or register the
Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties, (ii) the approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions,
notices and filings which have been (or, within the applicable period set out in the relevant Collateral Document, will be) duly obtained,
taken, given or made and are or (within such applicable period will be) in full force and effect (except to the extent not required to
be obtained, taken, given or made or in full force and effect pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement) and (iii) those approvals,
consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

83

(d)Any Luxembourg Loan Party has carried out its activities and will continue to carry out its activities in a manner which complies
with all relevant regulatory requirements regarding activities of the financial sector and in a manner which does not require it to be
authorized under the Luxembourg Act, dated April 5, 1993, on the financial sector, as amended.

Section
5.04Binding Effect. This Agreement and each other Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each
Loan Party that is a party thereto. This Agreement and each other Loan Document constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such
Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is a party thereto in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by (i) Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity, (ii) the need for filings, registrations and, with respect
to Collateral owned by Foreign Loan Parties, any other perfection steps necessary to create or perfect or register the Liens on the Collateral
granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties and (iii) the effect of foreign Laws, rules and regulations as they relate
to pledges, if any, of Equity Interests in Foreign Loan Parties and intercompany Indebtedness owed by Foreign Loan Parties.

Section
5.05Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. (a) To the knowledge of the Lead Borrower, the Annual
Financial Statements and the Quarterly Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of Americas
Styrenics as of the dates thereof and the results of operations for the periods covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently
applied throughout the periods covered thereby, (A) except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (B) subject, in the case of the Quarterly
Financial Statements, to changes resulting from normal year-end adjustments and absence of footnotes.

(d)Since December 31, 2022, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
5.06Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, threatened in writing,
at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against any Loan Party or against any of their properties
or revenues that either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
5.07Ownership of Property; Liens. (a) Each of the Loan Parties has good record and marketable title in fee
simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all Real Property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such
defects in title that, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

84

(d)Schedule 6 to the Perfection Certificate dated as of the ClosingThird
Amendment Effective Date contain a true and complete list of all Real Property owned by the Loan Parties as of the ClosingThird
Amendment Effective Date.

Section
5.08Environmental
Matters. Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.08(a) or except as could not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect:

(a)each Loan Party is in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, and has obtained, and is in compliance with, all
Environmental Permits required of any of them under applicable Environmental Laws;

(b)there are no claims, proceedings, investigations or actions by any Governmental Authority or other Person pending, or to
the knowledge of the Lead Borrower, threatened in writing, under any Environmental Law or to revoke, suspend or modify any Environmental
Permit held by any of the Loan Parties under applicable Environmental Laws;

(c)none of the Loan Parties has agreed to assume or accept responsibility, by contract or otherwise, for any Environmental
Liability of any other Person; and

(d)there are no facts, circumstances or conditions relating to the past or present business or operations of any of the Loan
Parties or any of their respective predecessors (including the disposal of any wastes, hazardous substances or other materials), or to
any Real Property at any time owned, leased or operated by any of them, that could reasonably be expected to give rise to any Environmental
Liability on the part of the Loan Parties.

Section
5.09Taxes. Except as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Loan Parties have timely filed all returns, statements, forms and reports for Taxes required
to be filed, and such returns accurately reflect all liability for Taxes of the Loan Parties for the periods covered thereby. Except
as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Loan
Parties have timely paid all Taxes levied or imposed upon them or their properties that are due and payable (including in their capacity
as a withholding agent), except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for
which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP if such contest shall have the effect of suspending enforcement or
collection of such Taxes. There is no action, suit, proceeding, investigation, audit, or claim now pending or, to the best knowledge
of the Loan Parties, threatened by any authority regarding any Taxes relating to the Loan Parties, nor is there any proposed Tax deficiency
or assessment known to any Loan Parties against the Loan Parties that would, if made, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect.

Section
5.10ERISA Compliance. (a) Except as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Pension Plan is in compliance in form and operation with its terms and with the applicable
provisions of ERISA, the Code and all other applicable Laws and regulations.

85

(d)(i) No ERISA Event has occurred during the five year period prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made;
(ii) no Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect
to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA); (iii) no Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has
incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219
of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan; and (iv) no Loan
Party or ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could reasonably be expected to be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA;
except, with respect to each of the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) of this Section 5.10(b), as could not reasonably be expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) each Foreign Pension Plan maintained or
administered by a Loan Party has been maintained in compliance with its terms and with the requirements of any and all applicable laws,
statutes, rules, regulations and orders and has been maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities;
(ii) all contributions required to be made by a Loan Party with respect to a Foreign Pension Plan have been timely made and the Loan Parties
have not incurred any obligation in connection with the termination of, or withdrawal from, any Foreign Pension Plan; and (iii) each Foreign
Pension Plan maintained or administered by the Loan Party is funded to the extent required by Law or otherwise to comply with the requirements
of any material Law applicable in the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Pension Plan is maintained.

Section
5.11Subsidiaries; Equity Interests. As of the Closing Date, no Loan Party has any
Subsidiaries other thanThird Amendment Effective Date, (a) the Lead Borrower and,
Trinseo Holdings are, Trinseo Europe, Aristech and Altuglas are
indirect wholly-owned Subsidiaries of Parent and (b) the Co-Borrower is a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Holdings. All of the
outstanding Equity Interests owned by the Loan Parties in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued and are fully paid and all Equity
Interests owned by a Loan Party in such Subsidiaries are owned free and clear of all Liens except (i) those created under the Collateral
Documents and (ii) any Lien that is permitted under Section 7.01. As of the ClosingThird
Amendment Effective Date, the Perfection Certificate (a) sets forth the name and jurisdiction of each Guarantor and each Borrower
and (b) sets forth the ownership interest of each Guarantor and each Borrower, including the percentage of such ownership.

Section
5.12Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act. (a) No Borrower is engaged nor will it engage, principally
or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of
purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no proceeds of any Borrowings will be used for any purpose that violates Regulation U.

(d)None of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party is, or is required to be, registered as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940.

86

Section
5.13Disclosure. To the best knowledge of the Lead Borrower, no report, financial statement, certificate or
other written information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party (other than projected financial information, pro forma financial
information and information of a general economic or industry nature) to any Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented
by other information so furnished) when taken as a whole contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein (when taken as a whole), in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially
misleading. With respect to projected financial information and pro forma financial information, the Borrowers represent that such information
was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation of such materials; it being understood
that such projections may vary from actual results and that such variances may be material.

Section
5.14Designation. As of the ClosingThird
Amendment Effective Date and at all times thereafter, each of the Co-Borrower and,
Holdings, Altuglas and Aristech shall have been designated by the Board of Directors of Trinseo
Lead Borrower and shall remain an Unrestricted Subsidiary of the Trinseo Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for
purposes of, in accordance with and pursuant to the Trinseo Credit Agreement, the 2025 Senior Notes,
the 2029 Senior NotesSuper-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement and any other Indebtedness
of the Trinseo Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries at any time outstanding, including without limitation, any refinancing Indebtedness
of any of the foregoing.

Section
5.15Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. . No Loan Party owns, licenses or possesses
the right to use any trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, copyrights,
patents, patent rights, technology, domain names, software, trade secrets, know-how database rights, design rights and other intellectual
property rights (collectively, IP Rights).
No claim, accused infringements or litigation regarding any of the IP Rights is pending or threatened in writing against any Loan Party.

. Trinseo Europe owns or otherwise
has the right to license to Aristech and Altuglas, as applicable, the Specified IP Rights licensed under the applicable Specified IP
License Agreement. To the knowledge of Trinseo Europe, Aristech and Altuglas, respectively, no use of Specified IP Rights, or the operation
of their respective businesses as currently conducted, including the use, manufacture, or sale of any product, infringes or misappropriates
upon any IP Rights held by any Person. Other than Trinseo Europe, Aristech and Altuglas, no other Loan Party owns, licenses or possesses
the right to use any Specified IP Rights in North America. No written claim, written accusations of infringements or litigation regarding
any of the IP Rights is pending or, to the knowledge of each Loan Party, threatened in writing against any Loan Party.

Section
5.16Solvency. On the ClosingThird
Amendment Effective Date, upon giving effect to the Third Amendment Transactions,
the Loan Parties, when taken as a whole, are Solvent.

Section
5.17Subordination of Junior Financing. The Obligations are Senior Debt, Senior Indebtedness,
Guarantor Senior Debt or Senior Secured Financing (or any comparable term) under, and as defined in, any
Junior Financing Documentation.

87

Section
5.18Collateral Documents; Valid Liens. Except as otherwise contemplated hereby or under any other Loan Documents,
the provisions of the Collateral Documents and any other documents and instruments necessary to satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee
Requirement, together with such filings and other actions required to be taken hereby or by the applicable Collateral Documents (including
the delivery to the Administrative Agent of any Pledged Debt and any Pledged Equity required to be delivered pursuant to the applicable
Collateral Documents), are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, except as otherwise
provided hereunder, including subject to Liens permitted by Section 7.01, a legal, valid, enforceable and perfected first priority Lien
on all right, title and interest of the respective Loan Parties in the Collateral described therein.

Section
5.19Centre of Main Interest. For the purposes of the Insolvency Regulation, the centre of main interest (as
that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Insolvency Regulation) of each Guarantor and each Borrower that is incorporated in a jurisdiction
within the European Union is situated in the jurisdiction of its registered office and it has no establishment (as that
term is used in Article 2(10) of the Insolvency Regulation) in any other jurisdiction.

Section
5.20Pensions Act. (a) No Loan Party is or has been an employer (for the purposes of sections 38 to 51 of
the Pensions Act 2004) of an occupational pension scheme which is not a money purchase scheme (both terms as defined in the Pension Schemes
Act 1993 as amended).

(d)No Loan Party is or has been connected with or an associate of (as those terms are used in sections
39 and 43 of the Pensions Act 2004) such an employer.

Section
5.21Reserved.

Section
5.22USA Patriot Act, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions(d). (a) The Loan Parties
and their respective directors, officers and employees and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, the agents of the Loan Parties, are
in compliance with all applicable Sanctions and with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder (the FCPA) and any other applicable anti-corruption law, in all material respects. The Borrower and its
Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure continued compliance with applicable Sanctions, the
FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption laws.

(e)None of the Loan Parties, or any director, officer, or to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, any controlled Affiliate of any of
the Loan Parties is an individual or entity (person) that is, or is owned or controlled by persons that are: (i) the
subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC),
the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, HerHis
Majestys Treasury, the Swiss State Secretariat for Economic Affairs SECO or the Swiss Directorate
of International Law, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), or (ii) located,
organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including Crimea, the so-called Luhansk Peoples
Republic, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria).

88

(f)(i) None of the Loan Parties will directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Term Loans in violation of applicable Sanctions
or otherwise knowingly make available such proceeds to any Person for the purpose of financing the activities or business of or with any
Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, (ii) none of the Loan Parties, their respective directors, officers or employees or,
to the knowledge of Parent, any controlled Affiliate of the Loan Parties or their respective Subsidiaries that will act in any capacity
in connection with or benefit from the Term Loans, is a Sanctioned Person and (iii) none of the Loan Parties, to the knowledge of the
Loan Parties, their respective directors, officers and employees are in violation of applicable Sanctions in any material respect.

Section
5.23Luxembourg Specific Representations. (i) Each Luxembourg Loan Party is in compliance with the Luxembourg
Act dated May 31, 1999 on the domiciliation of companies, as amended from time to time and all related regulations and (ii) the head
office (administration centrale), the place of effective management (sige de direction effective) and (for the
purposes of the Insolvency Regulation) the center of main interests (centre des intrts principaux) of each Luxembourg
Loan Party in Luxembourg is located at the place of its registered office (sige statutaire) in Luxembourg.

Section
5.24No Public Financial Support in Connection with the Covid-19 Pandemic. No Swiss Guarantor
has obtained any loan, surety, guarantee, non-refundable contribution or other financial support under any public financial support schemes
pursuant to the Swiss Federal Act on the Statutory Principles for Federal Council Ordinances on Combating the COVID-19 Epidemic (SR 818.102),
the Swiss Federal Act on Loans with Joint and Several Surety as a Result of Coronavirus (SR 951.26), the Swiss Ordinance on Hardship
Measures for Companies in Connection with the COVID-19 Epidemic (SR 951.262) or any similar federal or cantonal scheme in Switzerland.

Article
VI

Affirmative Covenants

So long as any Lender shall
have any Commitment hereunder, any Term Loan or other Obligation (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim
has been asserted) hereunder which is accrued and payable shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, then from and after the Closing Date, each
Loan Party shall:

Section
6.01Financial Statements. (a) Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each
Lender, within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year completed after the Closing Date, a balance sheet of Americas Styrenics
as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related statements of income or operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for
such fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of Deloitte
LLP or any other independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion (i) shall
be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and (ii) shall not be subject to any going concern
or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (except as may be required as a result
of the impending maturity of any Indebtedness);

89

(d)Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender, within forty-five (45) days after the end of
each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Americas Styrenics completed after the Closing Date, a balance sheet of
Americas Styrenics as at the end of such fiscal quarter and the related (i) statements of income or operations for such fiscal quarter
and for the portion of the fiscal year then ended and (ii) statements of cash flows for such fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal
year then ended, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Co-Borrower as to the best of his or her knowledge, fairly presenting in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of Americas Styrenics in accordance
with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

(e)Solely to the extent requested by a Lender in writing (email acceptable) on or after ninety (90) days following the end of each
fiscal year of Americas Styrenics completed after the Closing Date, promptly deliver to such Lender a detailed budget for the following
fiscal year on a quarterly basis and for the next succeeding two years on an annual basis (including statements of projected cash flow
and projected income and a summary of the material underlying assumptions applicable thereto) (collectively, the Projections).
For the avoidance of doubt, no Lender shall be delivered the Projections unless requested in accordance with this clause (c);

(f)Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender, (i) no later than forty-five (45) days after
the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrowers completed after the Closing Date and (ii) no later
than ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrowers completed after the Closing Date, a cash transaction report for
each Borrower substantially in the form delivered to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date.

(g)no later than seven (7) Business Days after the end of calendar month, cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent for prompt
further distribution to each Lender, a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of the Trinseo Lead Borrower providing detailed calculations
of Liquidity for the calendar month most recently ended; and

(h)Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender, each set of consolidated financial statements
and Projections of the Trinseo Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries delivered
pursuant to Sections 6.01(a), (b), (c) and (d) of the Trinseo Credit Agreement promptly (but in no event later
than one (1) Business Day) following delivery of same to the Lead Borrower.;

(i)Solely to the extent requested by a Lender in writing (email acceptable), on or after one hundred twenty (120) days following
the end of each fiscal year, deliver to such Lender abbreviated management prepared separate balance sheets of Aristech and Altuglas,
at the end of such fiscal year, and the related management prepared EBITDA statements and abbreviated sources and uses of EBITDA cash
statements for such period (with a table showing capital expenditures, turnarounds (including major maintenance activities, if applicable)
and changes in net working capital components (including inventory, accounts receivable and accounts payable)), in each case, generated
based on managements internal reporting system; and

(j)Solely to the extent requested by a Lender in writing (email acceptable), deliver to such Lender within forty-five (45)
days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Aristech and Altuglas, abbreviated management prepared
separate balance sheets of Aristech and Altuglas, at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related management prepared EBITDA statements,
in each case generated based on managements internal reporting system.

90

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the obligations in clause (a) and (f)(f)
of this Section 6.01 may be satisfied with respect to financial information of the Trinseo Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
by furnishing the Trinseo Lead Borrowers (or any parents) Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC; provided
that (i) to the extent such information relates to a parent of Trinseo Lead Borrower, such information is accompanied by unaudited consolidating
information that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to such parent, on the one hand, and the
information relating to the Trinseo Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand.

Documents required to be delivered
pursuant to this Section 6.01 and Section 6.02 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have
been delivered on the date on which such documents are posted on the Lead Borrowers behalf on IntraLinks/IntraAgency or another
relevant website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or
whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that: (i) upon written request by the Administrative Agent, the Lead Borrower
shall deliver paper copies of such documents (which may be electronic copies delivered via electronic mail) to the Administrative Agent
for further distribution to each Lender until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent
and (ii) the Lead Borrower shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent of the posting of any
such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents.

Section
6.02Certificates; Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution
to each Lender:

(a)no later than five (5) days after the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a) and (b)
of the Trinseo Credit Agreement to the Lead Borrower, a true, correct and complete copy of a duly completed Compliance Certificate (as
defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement) signed by a Responsible Officer of the Trinseo Lead Borrower;

(b)promptly (and in any event within one (1) Business Day), true, correct and complete copies of all notices, certificates,
reports and other information delivered by the Trinseo Lead Borrower or its Subsidiaries to the Lead Borrower pursuant to Section 6.02
of the Trinseo Credit Agreement;

(c)promptly (and in any event within three (3) Business Days), true, correct and complete copies of all material notices (including,
without limitation, notices of redemption and notices of default), certificates, reports and other information delivered by (x)
the Trinseo Lead Borrower or the Trinseo Co-Borrower in connection with the 2025 Senior Notes
and the 2029 SeniorSuper-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement and (y) any Loan Party in connection
with the Second Lien Notes; and

91

(d)promptly, such additional information regarding the business, legal,
financial or corporate affairs of the Loan Parties, Trinseo Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or compliance with the terms
of the Loan Documents or, the Trinseo Credit
Agreement or the Super-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time
reasonably request.

Section
6.03Notices. Promptly after a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party has obtained actual knowledge thereof,
notify the Administrative Agent:

(a)of the occurrence of any Default or Default (as such term is defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement) under
the Trinseo Credit Agreement;

(b)of the occurrence of an ERISA Event which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or the occurrence
of an ERISA Event (as such term is defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement) under the Trinseo Credit Agreement which could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (as such term is defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement);

(c)of the filing or commencement of, or any written threat or written notice of intention of any person to file or commence,
any action, suit, litigation or proceeding, whether at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority, against (i) the Lead
Borrower or any other Loan Party that could in each case reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) Trinseo
Lead Borrower or any Trinseo Loan Party that could in each case reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect
(as such term is defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement).

Each notice pursuant to this
Section shall be accompanied by a written statement of a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower (x) that such notice is being delivered
pursuant to Section 6.03(a), (b) or (c) (as applicable) and (y) setting forth details of the occurrence referred
to therein and stating what action the Lead Borrower or the respective Loan Party has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto
(or in the case of notices delivered under the Trinseo Credit Agreement, stating what action the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any Trinseo
Loan Party has taken or proposes to take with respect thereto).

Section
6.04Payment of Taxes. Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy, as the same shall become due and payable in the
normal conduct of its business, all its obligations and liabilities in respect of Taxes imposed upon it or upon its income or profits
or in respect of its property, except, in each case, to the extent any such Tax is being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings
for which appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP or the failure to pay or discharge the same would not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
6.05Preservation of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence
under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges (including
its good standing where applicable in the relevant jurisdiction), permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal
conduct of its business.

92

Section
6.06Maintenance of Properties. Except (i) if the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) for Dispositions permitted by Section 7.05 (a) maintain, preserve
and protect all of its material tangible properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in as good a working order,
repair and condition, as they were in on the date hereof, ordinary wear and tear excepted and fire, casualty or condemnation excepted,
(b) make all necessary renewals, replacements, modifications, improvements, upgrades, extensions and additions thereof or thereto in accordance
with prudent industry practice and in the normal conduct of its business, and (c) maintain or renew all of its registered or issued intellectual
property.

Section
6.07Maintenance
of Insurance.

(a)Generally. Maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance with respect to its properties
and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such
types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance reasonable and customary for similarly situated Persons engaged in
the same or similar businesses as the Loan Parties) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons, including
comprehensive all risk or special causes of loss form insurance and commercial general liability insurance.

(b)Requirements of Insurance. All such insurance shall name the Collateral Agent as additional insured on behalf of the Secured
Parties (in the case of liability insurance) or loss payee (in the case of property insurance), as applicable.

(c)Flood Insurance. With respect to each Mortgaged Property, obtain flood insurance in such total amount as the Administrative
Agent may from time to time reasonably require, if at any time the area in which any improvements located on any Mortgaged Property is
designated a flood hazard area in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or
any successor agency), and otherwise comply with the Flood Laws.

(d)If the Borrowers shall fail to maintain insurance in accordance with this Section 6.07, or if the Borrowers shall fail to
so endorse and deposit all policies or certificates with respect thereto, the Administrative Agent shall have the right (but shall be
under no obligation) to procure such insurance and the Borrowers agree to reimburse the Administrative Agent for all costs and expenses
of procuring such insurance. The provisions of this Section 6.07 shall be deemed supplemental to, but not duplicative of, the provisions
of any Collateral Documents that require the maintenance of insurance.

Section
6.08Compliance with Laws. Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders,
writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except, in each case, if the failure to comply therewith
could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
6.09Books and Records. Maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries that are full, true
and correct in all material respects and are in conformity with GAAP consistently applied and which reflect all material financial transactions
and matters involving the assets and business of the Borrowers, as the case may be (it being understood and agreed that certain Foreign
Loan Parties maintain individual books and records in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in their respective countries
of organization and that such maintenance shall not constitute a breach of the representations, warranties or covenants hereunder).

93

Section
6.10Inspection Rights. Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent
and each Lender to visit and inspect any of such Loan Partys properties, to examine such Persons corporate, financial and
operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss such Persons affairs, finances and accounts with
its directors, officers, and independent public accountants (subject to such accountants customary policies and procedures), all
at the reasonable expense of the Borrowers and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably
desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrowers; provided that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall not exercise
such rights more often than two (2) times in the aggregate during any calendar year and only one (1) such time shall be at the Borrowers
expense; provided further that when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
(or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrowers at
any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall give the Borrowers
the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Borrowers independent public accountants. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Section 6.10, none of the Loan Parties shall be required to disclose, or permit the inspection, examination
or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that (i) constitutes non-financial trade
secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their
respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by Law or any binding agreement or (iii) is subject to attorney client or similar
privilege or constitutes attorney work-product.

Section
6.11Additional Collateral. At the Borrowers expense, subject to the limitations and exceptions of
this Agreement, including, without limitation, the provisions of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and any applicable limitation
in any Collateral Document, take all action necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to
ensure that the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement continues to be satisfied, including always ensuring that the Obligations are secured
by a first-priority security interest in all Collateral, including, but not limited to, the Equity
Interests of the Borrowers and the Specified IP.

Section
6.12Reserved.

Section
6.13Reserved.

Section
6.14Further Assurances. Promptly upon reasonable request by the Administrative Agent (a) correct any material
defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document or other document
or instrument relating to any Collateral, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register
any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request
from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of the Collateral Documents, to the extent required pursuant to
the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.

94

Section
6.15Reserved.

Section
6.16Reserved.

Section
6.17Use
of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of the Term Loans, whether directly or indirectly, on the Closing Date as follows: (i) the
proceeds of the Tranche A Term Loans shall be used by the Lead Borrower to make the Intercompany Parent Note to Parent and (ii)
Parent shall use the proceeds of the Intercompany Parent Note to make the Equity Contribution, which shall be designated as an
Excluded Contribution (as such term is defined in the 2025 Senior Indenture and the 2029 Senior Indenture) for
purposes of the 2025 Senior Indenture and the 2029 Senior Indenture, (iii) the proceeds of the Tranche B Term Loans shall be used by
the Lead Borrower to make the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans and the 2023 Incremental Term Loans pursuant to the 2023 Incremental and
Refinancing Amendment, (iv) the proceeds of the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans, together with cash on hand, shall be used by Trinseo
Lead Borrower to refinance in full the 2018 Refinancing Term Loans (as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement) and, (v)
the proceeds of the 2023 Incremental Term Loans plus cash on hand shall be used by Trinseo Lead Borrower to repurchase, retire and
redeem not less than $385,000,000 of the outstanding 2025 Senior Notes.,
(vi) the proceeds of the Tranche C Term Loans shall be used by the Lead Borrower to make the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A)
pursuant to the 2025 Incremental Amendment and (vii) the proceeds of the 2025 Incremental Term Loan (Tranche A) plus cash on hand
shall be used by Trinseo Lead Borrower to repurchase, retire, redeem and discharge in full all of the outstanding 2025 Senior Notes,
plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon.

No proceeds
of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, in a manner which would constitute a harmful use of proceeds in Switzerland
as interpreted by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration for purposes of Swiss Withholding Tax, unless the Swiss Federal Tax Administration
confirms by way of a binding tax ruling satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that interest payments under this Agreement will not
be subject to Swiss Withholding Tax (irrespective of a potential use of proceeds in Switzerland).

Section
6.18Post-Closing
Actions. Complete each of the actions described on Schedule 6.18 as soon as commercially reasonable and by no later
than the date set forth in Schedule 6.18 with respect to such action or such later date as the Administrative Agent may
reasonably agree.

Section
6.19Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws. Each Loan Party shall: (a) conduct its business in a manner expected
to maintain compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws, and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with Anti-Corruption
Laws; and (b) not authorize the use of the proceeds of any Borrowing, directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly, in any manner which
would violate Anti-Corruption Laws in any material respect.

95

Section
6.20Maintenance of Ratings. Use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a private rating of the Term Loans
from Moodys and S&P within 45 days after the Closing Date and at all times maintain (but not maintain a specific rating) such
private rating.

Section
6.21Certification under Trinseo Credit Agreement. The Lead Borrower may deliver a certification to the Trinseo Administrative
Agent and the Trinseo Borrowers within the time period and in accordance with the terms set forth on Schedule 6.21. Delivery of
a certification other than as provided on Schedule 6.21 shall constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.01(b) of this
Agreement.

Article
VII

Negative Covenants

So long as any Lender shall
have any Commitment hereunder, any Term Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which
no claim has been asserted) which is accrued and payable shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, then from and after the Closing Date:

Section
7.01Liens. No Loan Party shall, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien
upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following:

(a)Liens pursuant to any Loan Document;

(b)Liens for Taxes, assessments or governmental charges that are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or that are
being contested in good faith and by appropriate actions, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the
applicable Person in accordance with GAAP or equivalent accounting principles in the relevant jurisdiction;

(c)Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h);

(d)Liens in favor of a banking or other financial institution arising as a matter of Law or under customary general terms and
conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution including any netting and the right of setoff,
and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institutions general
terms and conditions;

(e)Liens in favor of any Loan Party;

(f)Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statement or similar filings;

(g)Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto;

96

(h)junior Liens on the Collateral securing obligations in respect of Incremental Equivalent
Debt; and[reserved];

(i)Liens that are contractual rights of setoff or rights of pledge relating to the establishment of depository relations with
banks or other financial institutions not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness.;

(j)subject to the Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement, Liens pursuant to the Second Lien Notes Documents; and 

(k)solely with respect to Aristech or Altuglas: 

(i)[reserved];

(ii)Liens existing on the Third Amendment Effective Date and listed on Schedule 7.01(k) and any modifications, replacements, renewals,
refinancings or extensions thereof; provided, that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property other than after-acquired property
that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien and proceeds and products thereof, and (ii) the replacement, renewal,
refinancing or extension of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens, to the extent constituting Indebtedness, is permitted
by Section 7.03;

(iii)Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges that are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or that are being
contested in good faith and by appropriate actions, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable
Person in accordance with GAAP or equivalent accounting principles in the relevant jurisdiction;

(iv)statutory or common law Liens of landlords, sublandlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, repairmen, construction
contractors or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and (x) which do not in the aggregate materially detract from
the value of any property or assets of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, or materially impair the operation of the business of Aristech
or Altuglas, as applicable, or (y) which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect
of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien;

(v)(i) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, health, disability
or employee benefits, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or similar legislation or regulation or other insurance-related
obligations (including in respect of deductibles, self-insured retention amounts and premiums and adjustments thereto), (ii) [reserved]
and (iii) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations
of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property,
casualty or liability insurance to Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable,;

(vi)deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for
borrowed money), statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature
(including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business;

97

(vii)(i) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions), encroachments, protrusions, matters which would
be disclosed by an accurate survey or inspection of any Real Property and other, similar encumbrances and minor title defects affecting
Real Property that do not in the aggregate materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of Aristech or Altuglas, as
applicable, and any exceptions on the Mortgage Policies issued in connection with the Mortgaged Properties or (ii) easements, rights-of-way,
restrictions (including zoning restrictions) or encroachments that are reserved for the benefit of The Dow Chemical Company on any leased
Real Property;

(viii)[reserved];

(ix)Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h);

(x)leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not (i) interfere in
any material respect with the business of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, or (ii) secure any Indebtedness;

(xi)Liens (i) in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of Law to secure payment of customs duties in connection
with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business or (ii) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds
of any Person securing such Persons obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit issued or created
for the account of such person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods in the ordinary course
of business;

(xii)Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of collection,
(ii) attaching to commodity trading accounts or other commodities brokerage accounts and (iii) in favor of a banking or other financial
institution arising as a matter of Law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained
with a financial institution and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such
banking institutions general terms and conditions;

(xiii)Liens on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section
7.06 or, to the extent related to any of the foregoing, to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment, or consisting of
an agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 7.05, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment
or Disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien;

(xiv)Liens attaching solely to cash earnest money deposits in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted
hereunder;

(xv)Liens deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase agreements permitted under Section 7.06;

98

(xvi)Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading
accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;

(xvii)Liens that are contractual rights of setoff or rights of pledge (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with
banks or other financial institutions not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness or (ii) relating to pooled deposit or
sweep accounts of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary
course of business of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable;

(xviii)ground leases in respect of Real Property on which facilities owned or leased by Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable;

(xix)[reserved];

(xx)any interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor or sublicensor under leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses entered
into by Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, in the ordinary course of business;

(xxi)Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale of goods entered into by
Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, in the ordinary course of business permitted by this Agreement;

(xxii)Liens to secure Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(j)(v); provided, that (i) such Liens are created within 270 days of
the acquisition, construction, repair, lease, replacement or improvement of the property subject to such Liens, (ii) such Liens do not
at any time encumber property (except for replacements, additions and accessions to such property) other than the property financed by
such Indebtedness and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits and (iii) with respect to Capitalized Leases,
such Liens do not at any time extend to or cover any assets (except for replacements, additions and accessions to such assets) other than
the assets subject to such Capitalized Leases and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits; provided, that individual
financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by such lender;

(xxiii)[reserved];

(xxiv)Liens existing on property at the time of the acquisition thereof, in each case after the Third Amendment Effective Date (including
Capital Leases as provided for in the last paragraph of Section 7.03); provided that (i) such Lien was not created in contemplation of
such acquisition and (ii) such Lien does not extend to or cover any other assets or property (other than the proceeds or products thereof
and other than after-acquired property subjected to a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time and
which Indebtedness and other obligations are permitted hereunder that require, pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of after-acquired
property, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not
have applied but for such acquisition or such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary);

(xxv)(i) zoning, building, entitlement and other land use regulations by Governmental Authorities with which the normal operation
of the business complies, and (ii) any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or
regulate the use of any real property that does not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of Aristech or Altuglas,
as applicable;

99

(xxvi)Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statement or similar filings;

(xxvii)Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto;

(xxviii)[Reserved];

(xxix)Liens on Securitization Assets purported to be sold or otherwise transferred in connection with a Permitted Securitization;

(xxx)[reserved];

(xxxi)the modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Lien permitted by clauses (k)(xxii) and (k)(xxiv) of this Section
7.01; provided that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property, other than (A) after acquired property that is affixed or
incorporated into the property covered by such Lien and (B) proceeds and products thereof, and (ii) their modification, renewal, extension
or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens is permitted by Section 7.03 (to the extent constituting Indebtedness);

(xxxii)other Liens with respect to property or assets of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, securing obligations in an aggregate
principal amount outstanding at any time not to exceed $5,000,000; and

(xxxiii)[reserved].

The expansion of Liens by
virtue of accrual of interest and the payment of interest will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Liens for purposes of this Section
7.01.

Section
7.02Subsidiaries. No Loan Party shall form or acquire any direct Subsidiary after the Closing Date.

Section
7.03Indebtedness. No Loan Party shall, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any
Indebtedness, except:

(a)Indebtedness of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents;

(b)the Intercompany Parent Note; providedthat such Intercompany Parent
Note shall be unsecured and subordinated to the Obligations in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders and be pledged to
the Collateral Agent;

(c)intercompany Indebtedness owing by the Lead Borrower to the Co-Borrower in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount
of Net Proceeds received by Co-Borrower from or in connection with any JV Sale; provided that any such intercompany Indebtedness
shall be unsecured and subordinated to the Obligations in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders and be evidenced by an
Intercompany Note which shall be pledged to the Collateral Agent;

100

(d)intercompany indebtedness owing by the Lead Borrower to any LimitedForeign
Guarantor in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of Net Proceeds received by such LimitedForeign
Guarantor from a Disposition of its assets; provided that any such intercompany Indebtedness shall be unsecured and subordinated
to the Obligations in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders and be evidenced by an Intercompany Note which shall be pledged
to the Collateral Agent;

(e)obligations owed by the Lead Borrower or the Co-Borrower to any financial institution in respect of any overdraft and related
liabilities arising from treasury, depository and cash management services or any automated clearing house transfers of funds and other
Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and similar arrangements in each case in connection with deposit accounts;

(f)Indebtedness consisting of (a) the financing of insurance premiums or (b) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements,
in each case, in the ordinary course of business;

(g)all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent
interest on obligations described in clauses (a) through (f) above; and

(h)any unsecured Guarantee by any Loan Party of the obligations of any Affiliate of such Loan Party to suppliers, distributors,
customers and licensees in the ordinary course of business.;

(i)subject to the Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement, Indebtedness outstanding under the Second Lien Notes Documents in
an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $379,494,400 as such amount is reduced from time to time pursuant to repayments, redemptions
or cancellations of, or other transactions with respect to, the Senior Lien Notes; and 

(j)solely with respect to Aristech or Altuglas:

(i)[reserved];

(ii)Indebtedness outstanding on the Third Amendment Effective Date and listed on Schedule 7.03(j) and any Permitted Refinancing
thereof;

(iii)[reserved];

(iv)[reserved];

(v)(i) Attributable Indebtedness and other Indebtedness (including Capitalized Leases) financing an acquisition, construction,
repair, replacement, lease or improvement of a fixed or capital asset incurred by Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, prior to or within
270 days after the acquisition, lease, construction, repair, replacement, or improvement of the applicable asset in an aggregate outstanding
principal amount not to exceed at any time outstanding $5,000,000, in each case determined at the time of incurrence, and any Permitted
Refinancing thereof and (ii) Attributable Indebtedness arising out of sale-leaseback transactions permitted by Section 7.05 and any Permitted
Refinancing thereof;

101

(vi)Indebtedness in respect of Swap Contracts (as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective
Date) designed to hedge against exposure of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, to interest rates, foreign exchange rates or commodities
pricing risks incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;

(vii)Indebtedness arising out of, or in connection with, Cash Management Practices, provided that any such Indebtedness owed by Loan
Parties to Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties shall be subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to a subordination agreement
and related documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders;

(viii)[reserved];

(ix)Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, incurred in the ordinary
course of business;

(x)[reserved];

(xi)[reserved];

(xii)Indebtedness consisting of (a) the financing of insurance premiums or (b) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements,
in each case, in the ordinary course of business;

(xiii)Indebtedness incurred by Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, in the form of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers
acceptances or similar instruments issued or created in the ordinary course of business, including in respect of workers compensation
claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness
with respect to reimbursement type obligations regarding workers compensation claims;

(xiv)obligations in respect of performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and performance and completion guarantees and similar obligations
provided by Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, or obligations in the form of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments
related thereto, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice;

(xv)[reserved];

(xvi)[reserved];

(xvii)to the extent constituting Indebtedness, obligations of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, if a seller or servicer (or any
obligation of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, in respect of a seller or servicer) in a Permitted Securitization in respect of any
Standard Securitization Undertakings (as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date) as
to such Permitted Securitization;

102

(xviii)[reserved];

(xix)Indebtedness which, when aggregated with the principal amount of all other Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (xix)
and then outstanding, does not exceed the $5,000,000, in each case determined at the time of incurrence, and any Permitted Refinancing
thereof;

(xx)[reserved];

(xxi)[reserved];

(xxii)[reserved];

(xxiii)[reserved];

(xxiv)unsecured Indebtedness in respect of obligations of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, to pay the deferred purchase price
of goods or services or progress payments in connection with such goods and services; provided that such obligations are incurred in connection
with open accounts extended by suppliers on customary trade terms in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing
of money; and

(xxv)[reserved].

For purposes of determining compliance with Section
7.03, Indebtedness incurred under the Loan Documents, any Incremental Term Commitments and any Incremental
Term Loans shall only be classified as incurred under Section 7.03(a).

The accrual of interest and
the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness for purposes of
this Section 7.03. The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other discount security constituting Indebtedness
at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet of the applicable Loan Party dated such date
prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Section
7.04Fundamental Changes. No Loan Party shall merge, amalgamate, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or
into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets
(whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except that (a) the Co-Borrower,
Altuglas and Aristech may effect a Disposition permitted pursuant to Section 7.05 and (b) the
Luxembourg Loan Parties may undertake a Permitted Relocation.

Section
7.05Dispositions. No Loan Party shall, directly or indirectly, make any Disposition or enter into any agreement
to make any Disposition, except:

(a)the JV Sale so long as (i) the Co-Borrower receives at least Fair Market Value therefor, (ii) 75% of the consideration is
paid in cash or Cash Equivalents (in each case free and clear of all Liens at the time received), (iii) at the date of entry into a definitive
document for the JV Sale, no Default or Event of Default exists or will result therefrom, and on the closing date of the JV Sale, no Event
of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(a), (f) or (g) exists or will result therefrom; and (iv) proceeds of such Disposition are applied
to prepay the Term Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(b)(ii) of this Agreement;

103

(b)Dispositions that constitute a Restricted Payment permitted by Section 7.06, a Permitted Investment or Liens permitted
by Section 7.01;

(c)Dispositions of cash and Cash Equivalents; and

(d)the Loan Parties may consummate the LuxCo Merger Transactions.;

(e)the Loan Parties may consummate the Third Amendment Transactions; and 

(f)solely with respect to Aristech or Altuglas:

(i)(x) Dispositions of obsolete, worn out, used or surplus property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course
of business and Dispositions of property no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable,
and (y) Dispositions to landlords of improvements made to leased real property pursuant to customary terms of leases entered into in the
ordinary course of business;

(ii)Dispositions of inventory, goods held for sale in the ordinary course of business and immaterial assets in the ordinary course
of business (including allowing any issuances, registrations or any applications for registration of any intellectual property to lapse
or become abandoned in the ordinary course of business);

(iii)Dispositions of property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar
replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property;

(iv)[reserved];

(v)Dispositions that otherwise constitute a Restricted Payment permitted by Section 7.06 or a Permitted Investment (other than
a Permitted Investment pursuant to clause (a) or (y) of the definition thereof) and Liens permitted by Section 7.01 (other than Section
7.01(m));

(vi)Dispositions of cash and Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;

(vii)(i) leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software or the licensing of other intellectual property
rights) and termination thereof, in each case in the ordinary course of business and which do not materially interfere with the business
of Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, and (ii) Dispositions of intellectual property that are not material to the business of Aristech
or Altuglas, as applicable;

(viii)transfers of property subject to Casualty Events;

(ix)Dispositions or discounts without recourse of accounts receivable in connection with the compromise or collection thereof in
the ordinary course of business;

(x)[reserved];

(xi)[reserved];

104

(xii)so long as Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, receives at least fair market value therefor (taking into account any Securitization
Sellers Retained Interest (as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective Date)), any
sale of Securitization Assets in connection with a Permitted Securitization;

(xiii)[reserved];

(xiv)Dispositions of property; provided, that (i) at the time of such Disposition no Event of Default shall exist or would result
from such Disposition (other than, except in the case of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), any such Disposition made pursuant
to a legally binding commitment entered into at a time when no Event of Default exists) and (ii) Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable,
shall receive not less than 75% of such consideration in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents;

(xv)any swap of assets in exchange for services or other assets in the ordinary course of business of comparable or greater value
or usefulness to the business of the Aristech or Altuglas, as applicable, as determined in good faith by the management of Aristech or
Altuglas, as applicable;

(xvi)[reserved];

(xvii)[reserved];

(xviii)the unwinding of any Swap Contracts (as defined in the Trinseo Credit Agreement as in effect on the Third Amendment Effective
Date) pursuant to its terms;

(xix)[reserved]; and

(xx)[reserved];

(xxi)Dispositions in the aggregate pursuant to this clause (xxi) not to exceed $5,000,000, as determined at the time of such Disposition;

provided that
any Disposition of any property pursuant to Section 7.05(f)(xiv) or (xxi) shall be for no less than the fair market value of such property
at the time of such Disposition. 

To the extent any Collateral is Disposed of as
expressly permitted by this Section 7.05 to any Person other than a Loan Party, such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of
the Liens created by the Loan Documents, and the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be authorized to take
any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect the foregoing.

Section
7.06Restricted Payments. No Loan Party (other than Parent) shall declare or make, directly or indirectly,
any Restricted Payment, except:

(a)(i) so long as no Event of Default exists or shall result therefrom (whether or
not waived), the Co-Borrower and Holdings may make Restricted Payments, in each case, in an amount not to exceed the amount of Excess
Cash Distributions (as such term is defined in the JV Agreement) received on account of the JV Interests but not any special or
liquidating dividend or distribution and (ii) so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or shall result
therefrom (whether or not waived), Aristech and Altuglas may make Restricted Payments in cash to Trinseo US Holding, Inc.;

105

(b)solely to the extent that no mandatory prepayment is required to be made pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(v) at such time
and in each case so long as no Event of Default exists or shall result therefrom (whether or not waived), the Lead Borrower may make Restricted
Payments to Parent in an amount not to exceed the Excess Interest and Excess Amortization; provided that Parent shall concurrently
contribute 100% of the proceeds of any such Restricted Payment as an equity contribution to Trinseo Holdings, and Trinseo Holdings shall
contribute the same to Trinseo Lead Borrower;

(c)Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed the Borrower Retained Prepayment Amounts, provided that Parent shall
concurrently contribute 100% of the proceeds of any such Restricted Payment as an equity contribution to Trinseo Holdings, and Trinseo
Holdings shall contribute the same to Trinseo Lead Borrower; and

(d)Restricted Payments by the Co-Borrower and Holdings with the proceeds from any prepayment of Indebtedness incurred by the
Lead Borrower under Section 7.03(c) to the extent such prepayment was permitted by Section 7.13.

Section
7.07Certain Undertakings Relating to Separateness. Each of the Loan Parties (other than Parent,
Aristech and Altuglas) shall conduct its business and operations separate and apart from that of any other Person (including
the holders of its Equity Interests and their respective Affiliates) and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Loan Party (other than
Parent, Aristech and Altuglas) shall:

(a)not become involved in the day to day management of any other Person, other than in the case of the Co-Borrower, its role
as a member of Americas Styrenics;

(b)not engage in transactions with any other Person other than (i) entering into the Loan Documents, (ii) in the case of the
Lead Borrower, the making of the 2023 Incremental Term Loans and,
the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans, (iii) activities permitted
by its Organization Documents, (iv) in the case of the Co-Borrower, the JV Agreement and activities permitted thereunder and (v) matters
incident or ancillary to the foregoing;

(c)observe all formalities required of a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware,
the State of Kentucky and of a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite),
organized and established under the laws of Luxembourg, as applicable;

(d)(i) maintain separate company records and books of account from any other Person and (ii) to the extent applicable, clearly
identify its offices, if any, as its offices and, to the extent that such Loan Party and its Affiliates have offices in the same location,
allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with an Affiliate, including for services performed by an employee
of an Affiliate;

(e)except to the extent otherwise permitted by the Loan Documents, maintain its assets separately from the assets of any other
Person (including through the maintenance of a separate bank account) in a manner that is not costly or difficult to segregate, identify
or ascertain such assets;

106

(f)maintain separate financial statements (or if part of a consolidated group, then it will show as a separate member of such
group), books and records from any other Person;

(g)allocate and charge fairly and reasonably any overhead shared with Affiliates;

(h)transact all business with Affiliates on an arms length basis and pursuant to written, enforceable agreements, except
to the extent otherwise provided in the Loan Documents;

(i)not assume, pay or Guarantee any other Persons obligations or advance funds to any other Person for the payment of
expenses or otherwise, except pursuant to the Loan Documents;

(j)conduct all business correspondence and other communications in its own name, and use separate stationery, invoices, and
checks;

(k)not act as an agent of any other Person in any capacity except pursuant to contractual documents indicating such capacity
and only in respect of transactions permitted by its Organization Documents, the Loan Documents and matters necessarily incident thereto;

(l)not permit any Affiliate to guarantee, provide indemnification for, or pay its obligations, except for any indemnities and
guarantees in connection with the Loan Documents or any consolidated tax liabilities, or except as permitted by its Organization Documents;

(m)compensate its consultants or agents, if any, from its own funds;

(n)maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business purpose, transactions and liabilities;

(o)fail at any time to have at least one (1) Independent Manager on its board of managers; provided, however,
if such Independent Manager is deceased, withdraws, resigns or is removed for cause, such Loan Party shall not breach or violate this
Section 7.07(o) if such Loan Party uses commercially reasonable efforts to replace such Independent Manager with another Independent
Manager acceptable to the Required Lenders, it being understood that the Persons on Schedule 7.07(o) are acceptable to the Required
Lenders; provided, further, however, that during such period, no matter that requires the vote of the Independent Manager
under such Loan Partys Organization Documents shall be considered, approved of, or otherwise voted on by the board of managers
of any Loan Party or any committee or sub-committee thereof;

(p)appoint any Person as an Independent Manager who does not satisfy the definition of an Independent Manager; and

(q)not amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify its Organization Documents in violation of this Agreement or in any respect
that would impair its ability to comply with the Loan Documents; provided;,
for the avoidance of doubt, that the Lead Borrower AoA Amendment is permitted.

107

Each Loan Party
hereby acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and each Lender is entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in
reliance upon each Loan Partys (other than the Parents) identity as a legal entity that is separate from its Affiliates.

Section
7.08Transactions with Affiliates. No Loan Party (other than Parent) shall, directly or indirectly, enter
into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of $1,000,000 for any individual
transaction or series of related transactions, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than (i) transactions among Loan
Parties, (ii) the 2023 Incremental Term Loans and,
2023 Refinancing Term Loans, the 2025 Incremental Term Loans and all transactions related thereto,
(iii) transactions permitted under Section 7.03, Section 7.04, Section 7.05 and Section 7.06, and (iv)
transactions on terms substantially as favorable to the Loan Parties as would be obtainable by such Loan Party at the time in a comparable
arms-length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate.;
(v) solely with respect to Aristech or Altuglas; and (vi) transactions related to Cash Management Practices;

(a)subject to no Default or Event of Default, transactions between Aristech and Altuglas on one hand, and Subsidiaries of
Parent on the other hand, in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;

(b)on terms substantially as favorable to Aristech or Altuglas as would be obtainable thereby at the time in a comparable
arms-length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate;

(c)[reserved];

(d)Restricted Payments permitted under Section 7.06 and Permitted Investments;

(e)[reserved];

(f)employment, consulting, and severance and other service or benefit-related arrangements between Aristech or Altuglas
and their respective officers and employees in the ordinary course of business and transactions pursuant to stock option plans and other
equity award and employee benefit plans and arrangements in the ordinary course of business;

(g)the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, directors,
officers, employees and consultants of Aristech or Altuglas in the ordinary course of business;

(h)transactions pursuant to agreements in existence on the Third Amendment Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 7.08
(to the extent not otherwise permitted by this Agreement) or any amendment thereto to the extent such an amendment is not adverse to the
Lenders in any material respect;

(i)[reserved];

108

(j)transactions related to Permitted Securitizations;

(k)[reserved];

(l)[reserved]; and

(m)transactions with customers, clients, joint venture partners, suppliers or purchasers or sellers of goods or services,
in each case in the ordinary course of business and otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement that are fair to the Aristech
or Altuglas, as applicable, in the reasonable determination of the board of directors or the senior management thereof, or are on terms
at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party.

Section
7.09Burdensome Agreements. No Loan Party shall enter into or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation
(other than this Agreement or, any other Loan
Document or any Second Lien Note Document) that limits the ability of any Loan Party to create,
incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person for the benefit of the Lenders with respect to the Obligations or under
the Loan Documents; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to Contractual Obligations which:

(a)exist in the JV Agreement as of the Closing Date;

(b)arise in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 and relate solely to the assets
or Person subject to such Disposition;

(c)arise in connection with Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03; and

(d)arise in connection with cash or other deposits permitted under Sections 7.01 and the definition of Permitted
Investments and limited to such cash or deposit.

Section
7.10Americas Styrenics.

(a)Co-Borrower shall not consent to any amendment to the JV Agreement that would materially and adversely affect the interests
of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) or the Secured Parties.

(b)Co-Borrower shall not consent, and shall cause its Class D Directors (as defined in the JV Agreement) not to consent, to
Americas Styrenics incurring any Indebtedness except (i) Indebtedness in respect of Capitalized Leases and equipment financing incurred
in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Indebtedness not to exceed $25,000,000 in the aggregate outstanding at any time and (iii) that
certain revolving facility in existence on the date hereof not to exceed $60,000,000 in the aggregate outstanding at any time; provided
that the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) shall only be used for working capital and general
corporate purposes but not to make distributions or dividends.

Section
7.11Trinseo Credit Agreement. The Lead Borrower shall not consent to any amendment to the Trinseo Credit
Agreement that would adversely affect the interests of the Secured Parties.;
provided that the Lead Borrower shall consent to entry into the 2025 Incremental Amendment and the Super-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement
on the Third Amendment Effective Date and incurrence of Indebtedness under the Super-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement.

109

Section
7.12Accounting Changes. No Loan Party make any change in its fiscal year.

Section
7.13Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness.

(a) No
Loan Party shall prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner (it being
understood that payments of regularly scheduled principal and interest shall be permitted) any Indebtedness that is required to be expressly
subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment or security pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents (collectively, Junior
Financing) or make any payment in violation of any subordination terms of any Junior Financing Documentation, except (i) [reserved],
(ii) the conversion of any Junior Financing to Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of Parent, (iii) the prepayment
of Indebtedness of the Lead Borrower owing to the Co-Borrower, a LimitedForeign
Guarantor or the prepayment of Indebtedness of the Parent owing to the Lead Borrower, in each case to the extent not prohibited by the
subordination provisions contained in the Intercompany Note, the Intercompany Parent Note, or such other intercompany note, as applicable,
and (iv) prepayments or purchases of Junior Financings with Borrower Retained Prepayment Amounts to the extent such prepayments or purchases
are not prohibited by the Junior Financing Documentation evidencing such Junior Financing.

(b) No
Loan Party shall amend, modify or change in any manner materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders any term or condition of any
Junior Financing Documentation without the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed).

Section
7.14Specified IP Covenant.

(a)No
Loan Party or Trinseo Europe shall terminate, suffer the termination, revocation, expiration or non-renewal of, amend, modify or otherwise
change in any manner any of the Specified IP License Agreements or any term and condition thereof, without the consent of the Administrative
Agent, in each case in a manner that is adverse to Aristech, Altuglas or the Secured Parties.

(b)Following
the Effective Date, no Loan Party or any of its Affiliates shall enter into any intellectual property license agreement, sublicense, covenant
not to sue or other license or similar arrangement allowing for the use of the Specified IP Rights by any Person (other than Aristech
or Altuglas) to use, develop, manufacture, sell, offer for sale, import or otherwise commercialize any products licensed under the applicable
Specified IP License Agreement (Licensed Products) in North America, other than contract manufacturing rights granted to
a Person (including a Loan Party or any of its Affiliates) to manufacture Licensed Products for sale solely by or on behalf of Aristech
or Altuglas.

(c)No
Loan Party or any of its Affiliates (other than Aristech or Altuglas) shall use or assist any third party to use any Specified IP for
purposes of using, developing, manufacturing, selling, offering for sale, importing or otherwise commercializing any Licensed Products
in North America, other than contract manufacturing rights granted to a Person (including a Loan Party or any of its Affiliates) to manufacture
Licensed Products for sale solely by or on behalf of Aristech or Altuglas.

110

(d)No
Loan Party or any of its Affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, make any Disposition or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition
of any of the Specified IP Rights or the Specified IP License Agreements.

(e)In
the event of any failure to perform or observe any term, covenant, or agreement contained in this Section 7.14, the Amended and Restated
Specified IP License Agreements will automatically become effective and shall replace their respective Specified IP License Agreements
for purposes of this Agreement. In addition, any failure to perform or observe any term, covenant, or agreement contained in this Section
7.14 by any Affiliate of any Loan Party, including Trinseo Europe, will be considered a failure by the Loan Party for purposes of Article
VIII.

Section
7.15Foreign Guarantors. No Foreign Guarantor shall make any investments in the form of deposits
made to Trinseo Ireland Global IHB Limited using cash generated by such Foreign Guarantor following the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default and, other than in connection with an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(f) or Section 8.01(g), upon written
notice from the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders).

Section
7.16No Flowback. None of the proceeds borrowed under this Agreement may be used in Switzerland in
a manner which would constitute a use of proceeds in Switzerland as interpreted by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration for purposes
of Swiss Withholding Tax unless: (i) a tax ruling countersigned by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration is obtained confirming that any
such use of proceeds in Switzerland does not result in Swiss Withholding Tax consequences, or (ii) any such use of proceeds in Switzerland
does not result in any Swiss Withholding Tax consequences under then applicable Swiss tax laws.

Article
VIII

Events of Default and Remedies

Section
8.01Events of Default. Any of the following from and after the Closing Date shall constitute an
event of default (an Event of Default):

(a)Non-Payment. Any Loan Party fails to pay (i) other than as specified in clause (ii) hereof, any amount of principal
of any Term Loan, (ii) within one (1) Business Days after the same becomes due, any amount of principal of any Term Loan pursuant to Section
2.05(b)(iv), Section 2.05(b)(v) or Section 2.07(a), or (iii) within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due,
any interest on any Term Loan or any other amount payable hereunder or with respect to any other Loan Document; or

(b)Specific Covenants. (i) Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any
of Sections 6.03(a), 6.05(a) (solely with respect to a Borrower), 6.17, 6.18, 6.21 or Article VII or (ii) the Lead Borrower fails to perform
or observe its obligations contained in Section 5.2 of the Luxembourg Receivables Pledge Agreement; or

111

(c)Other Defaults. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section
8.01(a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for
thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) receipt of written notice thereof by the Lead Borrower from the Administrative Agent and (ii)
actual knowledge thereof by any Loan Party; or

(d)Representations and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made
by or on behalf of any Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document required to be delivered in connection herewith
or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or

(e)Cross-Default. Any Loan Party or any Trinseo Loan Party (A) fails to make any payment beyond the applicable grace
period with respect thereto, if any, (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect
of the obligations outstanding under the Trinseo Credit Agreement, the 2025 SecuredSuper-Priority
Revolving Credit Agreement, the Second Lien Notes, the 2029 Secured Notes, the LimitedForeign
Guaranty or any Indebtedness having an outstanding aggregate principal amount of not less than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails
to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to the Trinseo Credit Agreement, the 2025
SecuredSuper-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement, the Second Lien Notes, the 2029
Secured NotesForeign Guaranty or any such Indebtedness, or any other event occurs,
the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent
on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness
to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease
or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity; provided, further, that failure by the Trinseo Lead
Borrower to be in compliance with the Financial CovenantCovenants
(as defined in the TrinseoSuper-Priority Revolving
Credit Agreement) under the TrinseoSuper-Priority Revolving
Credit Agreement shall not constitute an Event of Default hereunder unless and until the Required Revolving
Credit Lenders (as defined in the TrinseoSuper-Priority
Revolving Credit Agreement) have actually declared all such obligations to be immediately due and payable in accordance with
the TrinseoSuper-Priority Revolving Credit Agreement
and such declaration has not been rescinded on or before such date; provided, further, that this clause (e)(B) shall
not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such
Indebtedness, if such sale or transfer is permitted under the terms of the documents providing for such Indebtedness; provided further
that such failure is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness prior to any termination of commitments or acceleration
of the obligations under such Indebtedness;

(f)Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party institutes or consents to the institution of, has instituted against
it or has a petition presented against it for any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment, arrangement or composition
for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, receiver-manager, trustee, statutory manager,
custodian, monitor, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, controller, administrator, judicial manager, administrative receiver, process
advisor, examiner or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, receiver-manager, trustee,
statutory manager, custodian, monitor, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, administrator, judicial manager, administrative receiver,
process advisor, examiner or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues
undischarged or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to
all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty
(60) calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or, in relation to any Luxembourg Loan Party, a Luxembourg
Insolvency Event has occurred;1 or

112

(g)Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment. (i) Any Loan Party becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails
generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or
levied against all or any material part of the property of the Loan Parties and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within sixty
(60) days after its issue or levy; or

(h)Judgments. There is entered against any Loan Party a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate
amount exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by (i) independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has
been notified of such judgment or order and has not denied coverage or (ii) other third party indemnities from financially sound investment
grade indemnifying parties (or other parties reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent)) and such judgment or order shall not
have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending an appeal for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days; or

(i)Invalidity of Loan Documents. Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery
and for any reason other than as a result of acts or omissions by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent or any Lender or the satisfaction
in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party contests in writing the validity or enforceability
of any provision of any Loan Document or the validity or priority of a Lien as required by the Collateral Documents on a material portion
of the Collateral; or any Loan Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document (other
than as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Aggregate Commitments), or purports in writing to revoke
or rescind any Loan Document; or

(j)Change of Control. There occurs any Change of Control; or

(k)Collateral Documents. Any Collateral Document after delivery thereof pursuant to Section 6.11, 6.14
or 6.18 shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms thereof including as a result of a transaction not prohibited under
this Agreement) cease to create a valid and perfected Lien, with the priority required by the Collateral Documents on and security interest
in any material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, subject to Liens permitted under Section 7.01, (i) except
to the extent that any such perfection or priority is not required pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement or results from
the failure of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to maintain possession of certificates actually delivered to it representing
securities pledged under the Collateral Documents or to file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements or other equivalent filings
and (ii) except as to Collateral consisting of Real Property to the extent that such losses are covered by a lenders title insurance
policy and such insurer has not denied coverage; or

1
NTD: To be updated to include application to appoint/appointment of an examiner.

113

(l)ERISA. (i) An ERISA Event occurs which, individually or together with all other ERISA Events, has resulted or could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) a Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate fails to make when due, after the
expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA
under a Multiemployer Plan, in an amount which could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) any Loan
Party has incurred or is likely to incur liabilities pursuant to one or more Foreign Pension Plans which, individually or in the aggregate,
has resulted in or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or

(m)Triggering Event. There occurs a Triggering Event.

Section
8.02Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative
Agent may and, at the request of the Required Lenders, shall take any or all of the following actions:

(a)declare the commitment of each Lender to make Term Loans to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall
be terminated;

(b)declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Term Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other
Obligations owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including, without limitation, the Redemption Premium) to be
immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived
by the Borrowers;

(c)[reserved]; and

(d)exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents
or applicable Law;

provided that upon the occurrence of an
actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to either Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code or any Debtor Relief Laws, the
obligation of each Lender to make Term Loans shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Term Loans
and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable without further act of the Administrative Agent
or any Lender.

Section
8.03Application
of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Term Loans have automatically
become immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), any amounts received on account of the
Obligations (whether received as a consequence of the exercise of such remedies or a distribution out of any proceeding in respect
of or commenced under any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law including payments in respect of adequate protection
for the use of Collateral during such proceeding or under any plan of reorganization or on account of any liquidation of any Loan
Party) shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order (to the fullest extent permitted by mandatory provisions
of applicable Law):

114

First, to
payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting (a) fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (other than principal and interest,
but including Attorney Costs payable under Section 10.04 and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent in its capacity as such and (b) indemnitees payable to the Trinseo Administrative Agent under Section
9.17 in its capacity as such;

Second, to
payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable
to the Lenders (including Attorney Costs payable under Section 10.04 and amounts payable under Article III), ratably among
them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them (irrespective of when such amounts were incurred or
accrued or whether any such amounts are allowed in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law);

Third, to
payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Term Loans, and any fees and premiums (including
the Make-Whole Amount, the Applicable Sale Premium, the Applicable Prepayment Premium, if any), ratably among the applicable Secured Parties
in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them (irrespective of when such amounts were incurred
or accrued or whether any such amounts are allowed in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law);

Fourth, to
payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Term Loans, and any breakage, termination or other payments,
ratably among the applicable Secured Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them (irrespective
of when such amounts were incurred or accrued or whether any such amounts are allowed in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law);

Fifth, to
the payment of all other Obligations that are due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties on such date,
ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties
on such date; and

Last, the
balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full, to the Lead Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.

Section
8.04Administrative
Delay. The Administrative Agent and Lenders acknowledge that the payments of principal and interest hereunder will primarily
be financed with the proceeds that the Lead Borrower receives on account of the 2023 Incremental Term Loans and,
the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans. In the event
that the Lead Borrower is unable to satisfy its obligations to make any payment hereunder solely as a result of an administrative
delay on the account of the Trinseo Administrative Agent to process a timely payment that was made by the Trinseo Lead Borrower to
the Trinseo Administrative Agent on account of the 2023 Incremental Term Loans and,
the 2023 Refinancing Loans and the 2025 Incremental Term Loans, no Default or
Event of Default shall exist hereunder if such payment is made to the Administrative Agent hereunder within two (2) Business Days of
when such payment was otherwise due and payable hereunder.

115

Article
IX

Administrative Agent and Other Agents

Section
9.01Appointment and Authorization of Agents. (a)(a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and
authorizes each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement
and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to it by the terms of this
Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to
the contrary contained elsewhere herein or in any other Loan Document, neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall
have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent
have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or Participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities,
duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent herein
and in the other Loan Documents with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations
arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended
to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties.

(b)[Reserved].

(c)Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 9.15, each of the Secured Parties hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the
Collateral Agent to act as the agent of (and to hold any security interest created by the Collateral Documents for and on behalf of or
in trust or as agent for) such Secured Party for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted
by the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In
this connection, the Collateral Agent (and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant
to Section 9.02 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral
Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Collateral Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits
of all provisions of this Article IX (including, Section 9.07, as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact
were the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto.

(d)With respect to Swiss Security: 

(i)the Collateral Agent (and each agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant
to Section 9.02 and/or any successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09 and/or any Supplemental Agent
appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.13) shall accept, hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or release:

116

(A)any Swiss Security of accessory (akzessorische) nature;

(B)the benefit of this Section; and

(C)any proceeds of such Swiss Security,

acting in its
own name and as representative (direkter Stellvertreter) in the name and for account of each of the other Secured Parties;

(ii)the Collateral Agent (and each agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant
to Section 9.02 and/or any successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09 and/or any Supplemental Agent
appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.13) shall accept, hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or release:

(A)any Swiss Security of non-accessory (nicht akzessorische) nature;

(B)with respect to the Parallel Debt only, any Swiss Security of accessory (akzessorische) nature;

(C)the benefit of this Section and, as applicable, of the Parallel Debt; and

(D)any proceeds of such Swiss Security,

as fiduciary
(treuhnderisch) in its own name or, with respect to the Parallel Debt, as creditor in its own right and not as a representative
of the other Secured Parties, but for the benefit of all Secured Parties;

(iii)each present and future Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent) hereby appoints, instructs and authorizes the Collateral
Agent (and each agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02 and/or
any successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09 and/or any Supplemental Agent appointed from time
to time pursuant to Section 9.13) to accept, hold, administer and, as the case may be, enforce or release the Swiss Security, the benefit
of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) and, as applicable, of the Parallel Debt and any proceeds of such Swiss Security as set out in sub-paragraphs
(i) and (ii) and in the respective Collateral Document constituting the Swiss Security, and the Collateral Agent (and each agent or sub-agent
or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02 and/or any successor collateral agent
appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09 and/or any Supplemental Agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.13)
hereby accepts such appointment; and 

117

(iv)each present and future Secured Party (other than the Collateral Agent) hereby instructs and authorizes the Collateral Agent
(and each agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02 and/or any
successor collateral agent appointed from time to time pursuant to Section 9.09 and/or any Supplemental Agent appointed from time to time
pursuant to Section 9.13) in its own name and/or in the name of such Secured Party as its representative (direkter Stellvertreter),
as the case may be to give effect to this paragraph, to enter into, amend, replace, rescind or terminate any Collateral Document or other
document constituting the Swiss Security, to exercise any rights and perform any obligations thereunder and to make and accept all declarations
and take all actions it considers necessary or useful in connection with any Swiss Security on behalf of such Secured Party (other than
the Collateral Agent).

Section
9.02Delegation of Duties. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may execute any of its
duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or
any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents or of exercising any rights and remedies thereunder) by or through agents,
sub-agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning all
matters pertaining to such duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or
sub-agent or attorney-in-fact or employee that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined in the
final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction).

Section
9.03Liability of Agents. No Agent-Related Person shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be
taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby (except
for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction,
in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein), or (b) be responsible in any manner to any Lender or Participant for any recital,
statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof, contained herein or in any other Loan Document,
or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent or
the Collateral Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness,
enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the perfection or priority of any Lien or security interest
created or purported to be created under the Collateral Documents, or for any failure of any Loan Party or any other party to any Loan
Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent-Related Person shall be under any obligation to any Lender or participant
to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement
or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof.

Section
9.04Reliance by Agents. (a)(a) Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying,
upon any writing, communication, signature, resolution, representation, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, facsimile,
telex or telephone message, electronic mail message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct
and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel
to any Loan Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by such Agent. Each Agent shall be fully justified in failing
or refusing to take any action under any Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders
as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all
liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each Agent shall in all
cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with
a request or consent of the Required Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required hereby in any instance)
and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders. If a payment is made
by the Agent (or any of its Affiliates) in error (whether known to the recipient or not) or if a Lender or another recipient of funds
is not otherwise entitled to receive such funds at such time of such payment or from such Person in accordance with the Loan Documents,
then such Lender or recipient shall forthwith on written demand repay to the Agent the portion of such payment that was made in error
(or otherwise not intended (as determined in good faith by the Agent) to be received) in the amount made available by the Agent (or its
Affiliate) to such Lender or recipient. Each Lender and other party hereto waives the discharge for value defense in respect of any such
payment. The parties hereto agree that an erroneous payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations
owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such erroneous payment is, and solely with respect
to the amount of such erroneous payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Agent from the Borrower or any other Loan Party for
the purpose of making such erroneous payment. Nothing in this Section 9.04 shall be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date
for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (and/or
timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such erroneous payment not been made by the Agent.

118

(b)For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01or
4.02, Section 4.02 or Section 4.03 with respect to Credit
Extensions on the Closing Date, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted
or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory
to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying
its objection thereto.

Section
9.05Notice of Default. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence
of any Default, unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender or a Loan Party referring to this Agreement,
describing such Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default. The Administrative Agent will notify the Lenders
of its receipt of any such notice. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to any Event of Default as may be directed
by the Required Lenders in accordance with Article VIII; provided that unless and until the Administrative Agent has received any such
direction, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect
to such Event of Default as it shall deem advisable or in the best interest of the Lenders.

119

Section
9.06Credit Decision; Disclosure of Information by Agents. Each Lender acknowledges that no Agent-Related
Person has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance
of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation
or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender as to any matter, including whether Agent-Related Persons have disclosed material
information in their possession. Each Lender represents to each Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related
Person and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the
business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries,
and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter
into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrowers hereunder. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without
reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue
to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial
and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be
furnished to the Lenders by any Agent herein, such Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit
or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any
of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates which may come into the possession of any Agent-Related Person.

Section
9.07Indemnification of Agents. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Lenders
shall indemnify upon demand each Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and without limiting
the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), pro rata (determined as if there were no Defaulting Lenders), and hold harmless each Agent-Related
Person from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by it; provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to
any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting from such Agent-Related Persons own gross negligence
or willful misconduct, as determined by the final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that no action
taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be required
by the Loan Documents) shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section 9.07. In the
case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Liabilities, this Section 9.07 applies whether any
such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any other Person. Without limitation of the foregoing, each
Lender shall reimburse each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent upon demand for its ratable share (determined as if
there were no Defaulting Lenders) of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including Attorney Costs) incurred by the Administrative Agent
or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment
or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities
under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the Loan Parties. The undertaking
in this Section 9.07 shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, the payment of all other Obligations and the resignation
of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be.

120

Section
9.08Merger or Consolidation. Any corporation or association into which either Agent may be converted or merged,
or with which either may be consolidated, or to which either may sell or transfer all or substantially all of its corporate trust business
and assets as a whole or substantially as a whole, or any corporation or association resulting from any such conversion, sale, merger,
consolidation or transfer to which either Agent is a party, will be and become the successor Agent under this Agreement and will have
and succeed to the rights, powers, duties, immunities and privileges as its predecessor, without the execution or filing of any instrument
or paper or the performance of any further act.

Section
9.09Successor Agents. (a)(a) Each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may resign as the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, upon thirty (30) days notice to Lenders and the Lead Borrower. Such
resignation shall take effect upon the appointment of a successor Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.09.

(b)If the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent resigns under this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall appoint a successor
agent for the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, which shall be reasonably acceptable to the Lead Borrower at all times
other than during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), 8.01(f)or 8.01(g)Section 8.01(a), Section 8.01(f) or Section 8.01(g)
(which consent of the Lead Borrower shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

(c)If no successor agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent, as applicable, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, may appoint, after consulting with the Lenders
and the Lead Borrower, a successor agent to the extent the Required Lenders have failed to do the same pursuant to Section 9.09(b).

(d)Upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor agent hereunder, the Person acting as such successor agent shall succeed to
all the rights, powers and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent or retiring Collateral Agent, as applicable, and the term Administrative
Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall mean such successor administrative agent or collateral
agent and/or Supplemental Agent, as the case may be, and the retiring Administrative Agents or Collateral Agents, as applicable,
appointment, powers and duties as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent shall be terminated. After the retiring Administrative
Agents or the Collateral Agents resignation hereunder as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, the
provisions of this Article IX and Sections 10.04 and 10.05 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or
omitted to be taken by it while it was the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, under this Agreement.

(e)If no successor agent has accepted appointment as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, by the date
which is thirty (30) days following the retiring Administrative Agents or Collateral Agents, as applicable, notice of resignation,
the retiring Administrative Agents or the retiring Collateral Agents, as applicable, resignation shall nevertheless thereupon
become effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, hereunder
until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above.

121

(f)Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder by a successor and upon the execution
and filing or recording of such financing statements, or amendments thereto, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary
or desirable, or as the Required Lenders may request, in order to (i) continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to be
granted by the Collateral Documents or (ii) otherwise ensure that Section 6.11 is satisfied, the Administrative Agent or Collateral
Agent, as applicable, shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, discretion, privileges, and duties of
the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, and the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable,
shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents.

(g)After the retiring Administrative Agents or Collateral Agents resignation hereunder as the Administrative Agent or
the Collateral Agent, the provisions of this Article IX shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken
or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable and the retiring Administrative
Agent and the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, shall remain indemnified to the extent provided in this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents.

Section
9.10Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency,
liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, judicial management, composition or other judicial proceeding relative
to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Term Loan shall then be due and payable as
herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on either
Borrower or the Collateral Agent) shall be (to the fullest extent permitted by mandatory provisions of applicable Law) entitled and empowered,
by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(a)to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Term Loans
and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have
the claims of the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and
all other amounts due the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent under 2.09 and 10.04) allowed in such
judicial proceeding; and

(b)to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, monitor, curator, receiver,
receiver-manager, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized
by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent
shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent any amount
due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Agents and their respective agents and counsel, and any
other amounts due the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04.

122

Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent
to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding.

Section
9.11Collateral and Guaranty Matters. Each of the Lenders irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent
and the Collateral Agent:

(a)to enter into and sign for and on behalf of the Lenders as Secured Parties the Collateral Documents for the benefit of the
Lenders and the other Secured Parties;

(b)to automatically release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent under
any Loan Document (i) upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification
obligations as to which no claim has been asserted), (ii) at the time the property subject to such Lien is Disposed or to be Disposed
as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document to any Person other than a Loan
Party and (iii) subject to Section 10.01, if the release of such Lien is approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required
Lenders.

Upon request by the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents or the Collateral
Agents authority to release its interest in particular types or items of property. In each case as specified in this Section
9.11, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent will (and each Lender irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent and the
Collateral Agent to), at the Borrowers expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as the Lead Borrower
may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the
Collateral Documents, or to evidence the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty, in each case in accordance
with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.11.

Section
9.12Certain Rights of Agent. If the Agent shall request instructions from the Required Lenders with respect
to any action or actions (including the failure to act) in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, such Agent shall
be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such act unless and until it shall have received instructions from such Lenders (which
instruction may be provided in the form of email and may be provided by legal counsel or any other advisor to the Required Lenders),
and such Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have
any right of action whatsoever against the Agent as a result of the Agent acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with
the instructions of the Required Lenders where required by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. With respect to any
term or provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that requires the consent, approval, satisfaction, discretion, determination,
decision, action or inaction or any similar concept of or by the Agent, or that allows, permits, requires, empowers or otherwise provides
that any matter, action, decision or similar concept may be taken, made or determined by the Agent (including any provision that refers
to any document or other matter being satisfactory or acceptable to the Agent) without expressly referring to the requirement to obtain
consent or input from any Lenders, or to otherwise notify any Lender, or without providing that such matter is required to be satisfactory
or acceptable to the Required Lenders, such term or provision shall be interpreted to refer to the Agent exercising its discretion, it
being understood and agreed that the Agent shall be entitled to confirm that any matter is satisfactory or acceptable to the Required
Lenders to the extent that it deems such confirmation necessary or desirable.

123

Section
9.13Appointment of Supplemental Agents. (a)(a) It is recognized that in case of litigation under this Agreement
or any of the other Loan Documents, and in particular in case of the enforcement of any of the Loan Documents, or in case the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent deems that by reason of any present or future Law of any jurisdiction it may not exercise any of the rights,
powers or remedies granted herein or in any of the other Loan Documents or take any other action which may be desirable or necessary
in connection therewith, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are hereby authorized to appoint an additional individual
or institution selected by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion as a separate trustee, co-trustee,
administrative agent, collateral agent, administrative sub-agent or administrative co-agent (any such additional individual or institution
being referred to herein individually as a Supplemental Agent and collectively as Supplemental Agents).

(b)In the event that the Collateral Agent appoints a Supplemental Agent with respect to any Collateral, (i) each and every right,
power, privilege or duty expressed or intended by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to be exercised by or vested in or
conveyed to the Collateral Agent with respect to such Collateral shall be exercisable by and vest in such Supplemental Agent to the extent,
and only to the extent, necessary to enable such Supplemental Agent to exercise such rights, powers and privileges with respect to such
Collateral and to perform such duties with respect to such Collateral, and every covenant and obligation contained in the Loan Documents
and necessary to the exercise or performance thereof by such Supplemental Agent shall run to and be enforceable by either the Collateral
Agent or such Supplemental Agent, and (ii) the provisions of this Article IX and of Sections 10.04 and 10.05
that refer to the Administrative Agent shall inure to the benefit of such Supplemental Agent and all references therein to the Collateral
Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Collateral Agent and/or such Supplemental Agent, as the context may require.

(c)Should any instrument in writing from any Loan Party be required by any Supplemental Agent so appointed by the Administrative Agent
or the Collateral Agent for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to him or it such rights, powers, privileges and duties,
such Loan Party shall execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all such instruments promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent
or the Collateral Agent. In case any Supplemental Agent, or a successor thereto, shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed,
all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of such Supplemental Agent, to the extent permitted by Law, shall vest in and be exercised
by the Administrative Agent until the appointment of a new Supplemental Agent.

124

Section
9.14Force Majeure. In no event shall the Agent be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance
of its obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its
control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances,
nuclear or natural catastrophes, and interruptions, loss of malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware)
services, it being understood that the Agent shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the financial
services or trust administration industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

Section
9.15Parallel Debt owed to Collateral Agent. (a)(a) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
undertakes to pay to the Collateral Agent as creditor in its own right and not as a representative of the other Secured Parties amounts
equal to any amounts owing from time to time by that Loan Party to any Secured Party under any Loan Document as and when those amounts
are due for payment under the relevant Loan Document.

(b)Each Loan Party and the Collateral Agent acknowledge that the obligations of each Loan Party under Section 9.15(a) are several
and are separate and independent from, and shall not in any way limit or affect, the corresponding obligations of that Loan Party to any
Secured Party under any Loan Document (its Corresponding Debt) nor shall the amounts for which each Loan Party is
liable under Section 9.15(a) (its Parallel Debt) be limited or affected in any way by its Corresponding Debt;
provided that:

(i)the Collateral Agent shall not demand payment with regard to the Parallel Debt of each Loan Party to the extent that such
Loan Partys Corresponding Debt has been irrevocably paid or (in the case of guarantee obligations) discharged; and

(ii)a Secured Party shall not demand payment with regard to the Corresponding Debt of each Loan Party to the extent that such
Loan Partys Parallel Debt has been irrevocably paid or (in the case of guarantee obligations) discharged.

(c)The Collateral Agent acts in its own name and not as a trustee, and its claims in respect of the Parallel Debt shall not be held
on trust. The Collateral granted under the Loan Documents to the Collateral Agent to secure the Parallel Debt is granted to the Collateral
Agent in its capacity as creditor of the Parallel Debt and shall not be held on trust.

(d)All monies received or recovered by the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Section 9.15, and all amounts received or recovered
by the Collateral Agent from or by the enforcement of any Collateral granted to secure the Parallel Debt, shall be applied in accordance
with this Agreement.

Section
9.16No Discretion. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, whenever
reference is made to any discretionary action by, consent, designation, specification, requirement or approval of, notice, request or
other communication from, or other direction given or action to be undertaken or to be (or not to be) suffered to omitted by the Agent
or to any election, decision, opinion, acceptance, use of judgment, expression of satisfaction or other exercise of discretion, rights
or remedies to be made (or not to be made) by the Agent, it is understood that in all cases the Agent shall be fully justified in failing
or refusing to take any such action if it shall not have received such written instruction, advice or direction of the Required Lenders
(or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) as the Agent
deems appropriate. Upon receipt of such written instruction, advice or direction, the Agent shall take such discretionary action in accordance
with such instruction, advice or direction subject to the terms set forth in this Article IX.

125

Section
9.17Lead Borrower Indemnity Claims. The Lenders shall indemnify upon demand the Lead Borrower solely in its
capacity as the lender of the 2023 Incremental Term Loans and the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans (the 2023 Term Loan Lender)
and in its capacity as the lender of the 2025 Incremental Term Loans (the 2025 Term Loan Lender),
as applicable, and solely to the extent the 2023 Term Loan Lender or 2025 Term Loan Lender, as
applicable, is not reimbursed by or on behalf of any Trinseo Loan Party and without limiting the obligation of any Trinseo
Loan Party to do so, on a pro rata basis (determined as if there were no Defaulting Lenders), for the 2023 Term Loan Lenders
or 2025 Term Loan Lenders, as applicable, indemnification obligations to the Trinseo Administrative
Agent under and pursuant to Section 9.07 of the Trinseo Credit Agreement (as in effect on the Closing Date) and, in all cases,
subject to the terms, conditions and limitations of Section 9.07 of the Trinseo Credit Agreement (as in effect on the Closing Date).
The Trinseo Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, shall be an express third party beneficiary of, and shall be entitled
to enforce, the provisions of this Section 9.17. In the event the Trinseo Administrative Agent wishes to make a demand for indemnification
under this Section 9.17, Trinseo Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution
to the Lenders (i) a copy of the written demand for indemnification made by the Trinseo Administrative Agent under Section 9.07
of the Trinseo Credit Agreement to all lenders thereunder and (ii) written demand for indemnification against the Lenders for the pro
rata portion of the indemnification obligations due, owing and unpaid by the 2023 Term Loan Lender or the
2025 Term Loan Lender, as applicable, under Section 9.07 of the Trinseo Credit Agreement, including reasonably detailed
calculation thereof. Upon receipt of such demand, each Lender shall pay such its pro rata share (determined as if there were no
Defaulting Lenders) of the indemnification obligations that are due, owing and unpaid of the 2023 Term Loan Lender or
the 2025 Term Loan Lender, as applicable, to the Trinseo Administrative Agent as directed in writing subject to the provisions
of Section 10.02(a)(ii) by the 2023 Term Loan Lender or the 2025 Term Loan Lender, as applicable (it
being agreed that the 2023 Term Loan Lender and the 2025 Term Loan Lender, as applicable, may
establish an account for the benefit of the Trinseo Administrative Agent for purposes of facilitating payments to the Trinseo Administrative
Agent under this Section 9.17). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither this Section 9.17 nor
the definition of Trinseo Administrative Agent (as defined as of the Closing Date) shall be terminated, amended, modified,
supplemented or changed in any manner without the prior written consent of the Trinseo Administrative Agent. The Lenders undertaking
in this Section 9.17 shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the payment of all other Obligations.

Article
X

Miscellaneous

Section
10.01Amendments, Etc. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no amendment or waiver of any provision
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless
in writing signed by the Required Lenders (other than with respect to any amendment or waiver contemplated in Sections 10.01(a) through
(j) below, which shall only require the consent of the Lenders expressly set forth therein and not the Required Lenders) (or by the Administrative
Agent with the written consent of the Required Lenders) and such Loan Party and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in
the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided that, no such amendment, waiver or consent shall directly
or indirectly:

(a)extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of each Lender holding such Commitment (it being
understood that a waiver of any condition precedent or of any Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments
shall not constitute an extension or increase of any Commitment of any Lender);

(b)postpone any date scheduled for, or reduce or forgive the amount of, any payment of principal or interest under Section
2.07 or 2.08 (other than pursuant to Section 2.08(b)) without the written consent of each Lender holding the applicable
Obligation (it being understood that the waiver of (or amendment to the terms of) any mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans shall not
constitute a postponement of any date scheduled for the payment of principal or interest);

(c)reduce or forgive the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Term Loan, or (subject to clause (i)
of the second proviso to this Section 10.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document (or extend
the timing of payments of such fees or other amounts) without the written consent of each Lender holding such Term Loan or to whom such
fee or other amount is owed; provided that, only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition
of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest at the Default Rate;

(d)change any provision of this Section 10.01, the definition of Required Lenders, or Pro Rata
Share, Section 2.06, 2.12(a), 2.12(g), 2.13
or 8.03 without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;

(e)other than in connection with a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 7.05 (as in effect on the Closing
Date), release all or substantially all of the Collateral (or have the effect of releasing all or substantially all of the Collateral)
in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each Lender;

(f)other than in connection with a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 7.05 (as in effect on the Closing
Date), release all or substantially all of the aggregate value of the Guarantees (or have the effect of releasing all or substantially
all of the aggregate value of the Guarantees) in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each
Lender;

126

(g)change the currency in which any Term Loan is denominated without the written consent of each Lender holding such Term Loans;

(h)subordinate the Obligations in right of payment to any other Indebtedness or subordinate the Lien securing the Obligations
in right of security to any other Lien, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender, other than in connection with any Indebtedness
with respect to which each then existing Lender is offered a bona fide opportunity to fund or otherwise provide its pro rata share of
such other Indebtedness on the same terms (other than bona fide backstop fees, any,
put option, arrangement or restructuring fees or premiums) as offered to all other
providers (or their affiliates) of such other Indebtedness; provided, however, that if any such Lender does not accept an
offer to provide its pro rata share of such other Indebtedness, such Lender shall be deemed to have declined such offer;

(i)[reserved]; or

(j)amend or waive the definition of Triggering Event or Section 8.01(m), in each case, without the written
consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided that any amendment or waiver of clause (i) or (j) of such definitions shall
only require the consent of Required Lenders.

and provided further that (i) no amendment,
waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, in addition
to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the Administrative Agent or the
Collateral Agent, as applicable, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (ii) Section 10.07(j) may not be amended,
waived or otherwise modified without the consent of each Granting Lender all or any part of whose Term Loans are being funded by an SPC
at the time of such amendment, waiver or other modification.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and
any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the
consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended
without the consent of such Lender (it being understood that any Commitments or Term Loans held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender
shall be excluded for a vote of the Lenders hereunder requiring any consent of the Lenders).

If the Administrative Agent
and the Lead Borrower shall have jointly identified an obvious error (including, but not limited to, an incorrect cross-reference) or
any error or omission of a technical or immaterial nature, in each case, in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any exhibit, schedule or other attachment to any Loan Document), then the Administrative Agent
(acting in its sole discretion) and the Borrowers or any other relevant Loan Party shall be permitted to amend such provision and such
amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document. Notification of such amendment
shall be made by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders promptly upon such amendment becoming effective.

127

Section
10.02Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies.

(a)General. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for hereunder or under
any other Loan Document shall be in writing (including by facsimile transmission or electronic mail). All such written notices shall be
mailed, faxed or delivered to the applicable address, facsimile number or electronic mail address, and all notices and other communications
expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows:

(i)if to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail
address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic
mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties; and

(ii)if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative
Questionnaire or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party
in a notice to the Lead Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent.

All such notices and other communications shall
be deemed to be given or made upon the earlier to occur of (i) actual receipt by the relevant party hereto and (ii) (A) if delivered by
hand or by courier, when signed for by or on behalf of the relevant party hereto; (B) if delivered by mail to a party, four (4) Business
Days after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid; (C) if delivered by facsimile, when sent and receipt has been confirmed by telephone;
and (D) if delivered by electronic mail (which form of delivery is subject to the provisions of Section 10.02(c)), when delivered;
provided that notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent pursuant to Article II
shall not be effective until actually received by such Person. In no event shall a voice mail message be effective as a notice, communication
or confirmation hereunder.

(b)Effectiveness of Facsimile Documents and Signatures. Loan Documents may be transmitted and/or signed by facsimile or other
electronic communication. The effectiveness of any such documents and signatures shall, subject to applicable Law, have the same force
and effect as manually signed originals and shall be binding on all Loan Parties, the Agents and the Lenders.

(c)Reliance by Agents and Lenders. The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely
and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party even if (i)
such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice
specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. Each Borrower shall
indemnify each Agent-Related Person and each Lender from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such
Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct of
such Agent-Related Person as determined in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices
to the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, and each of the parties
hereto hereby consents to such recording.

128

Section
10.03No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure by any Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other
Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies,
powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies,
powers and privileges provided by Law.

Section
10.04Attorney Costs and Expenses. Each Loan Party jointly and severally agrees (a) to pay or reimburse the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders party to this Agreement on the Closing Date for all reasonable out-of-pocket
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, syndication and execution of this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents, and any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions
contemplated thereby are consummated), and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including
all Attorney Costs, which shall be limited to Paul Hastings LLP (and one local and specialist counsel in each applicable jurisdiction
for each group and, in the event of a conflict of interest, one additional counsel of each type to the affected parties)) and (b) to
pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs
and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of any rights
or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding,
including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, and including all Attorney Costs, which shall be limited to Attorney Costs of one
counsel to the Administrative Agent and Lenders (taken as a whole) (and one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for each group)).
The foregoing costs and expenses shall include all reasonable search, filing, recording and title insurance charges and fees related
thereto, and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Agent. The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the termination
of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid within ten
(10) Business Days of receipt by the Lead Borrower of an invoice relating thereto setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail; provided
that, with respect to the Closing Date, all amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid on the Closing Date to the extent invoiced
to the Borrower within one (1) Business Day of the Closing Date. If any Loan Party fails to pay when due any costs, expenses or other
amounts payable by it hereunder or under any Loan Document, such amount may be paid on behalf of such Loan Party by the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion.

Section
10.05Indemnification. Each Loan Party shall, jointly and severally, indemnify and hold harmless each Agent-Related
Person, each Lender and their respective Affiliates, and directors, officers, employees, counsel, agents, trustees, investment advisors
and attorneys-in-fact of each of the foregoing (collectively the Indemnitees) from and against any and all liabilities,
obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements (including Attorney
Costs, which shall be limited to Attorney Costs of one counsel to the Administrative Agent and Arrangers (and one local counsel in each
applicable jurisdiction for each group and, in the event of any conflict of interest, one

129

additional counsel of each type to the affected
parties)) of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any such Indemnitee in
any way relating to or arising out of or in connection with (a) the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance or administration of
any Loan Document or any other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby or
the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, (b) any Commitment or Term Loan, (c) any actual or alleged presence or Release
of Hazardous Materials at, on, under or from any property or facility currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by the Loan Parties
or any Subsidiary, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Loan Parties, (d) the payment or recovery of an amount in
connection with the Loan Documents in a currency other than the currency required under the Loan Document, (e) any actual or prospective
claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory
(including any investigation of, preparation for, or defense of any pending or threatened claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding)
and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (a Proceeding) or whether or not such Proceeding is brought
by any Loan Party or any other Person and (f) any payments of indemnification obligations pursuant to Section 9.17 hereof (all the foregoing,
collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities) in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out
of the negligence of the Indemnitee; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be
available to the extent that such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs,
expenses or disbursements resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or of any affiliate, director,
officer, employee, counsel, agent or attorney-in-fact of such Indemnitee, as determined by the final non-appealable judgment of a court
of competent jurisdiction. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of any information or other materials
obtained through IntraLinks or other similar information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement, nor shall any Indemnitee
or the Lead Borrower or any Subsidiary have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages relating to this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the
Closing Date) (other than, in the case of a Loan Party, in respect of any such damages incurred or paid by an Indemnitee to a third party,
or which are included in a third-party claim, and for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses related thereto). In the case of an investigation,
litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section 10.05 applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not
such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, any Loan Partys directors, stockholders or creditors
or an Indemnitee or any other Person, whether or not any Indemnitee is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not any of the transactions
contemplated hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents are consummated. All amounts due under this Section 10.05 shall be paid
within ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor; provided, however, that such Indemnitee shall promptly refund such
amount to the extent that there is a final judicial or arbitral determination that such Indemnitee was not entitled to indemnification
rights with respect to such payment pursuant to the express terms of this Section 10.05. The agreements in this Section 10.05 shall survive
the resignation of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate
Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. This Section 10.05 shall not apply with respect
to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.

130

Section
10.06Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrowers is made to any Agent
or any Lender, or any Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part
thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement
entered into by such Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with
any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally
intended to be satisfied shall, to the fullest extent possible under provisions of applicable Law, be revived and continued in full force
and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative
Agent upon demand its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by any Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of
such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect.

Section
10.07Successors and Assigns. (a)(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Loan Party may assign or otherwise
transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise
transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Assignee pursuant to an assignment made in accordance with the provisions
of Section 10.07(b) (such an assignee, an Eligible Assignee), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions
of Section 10.07(e), (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 10.07(g) or (iv)
to an SPC in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(h)Section 10.07(h)
(and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void); provided, however, that notwithstanding
the foregoing, no Lender may assign or transfer by participation any of its rights or obligations hereunder to (i) any Person that is
a Defaulting Lender, (ii) a natural Person or (iii) a Disqualified Institution. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall
be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants
to the extent provided in Section 10.07(e) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnitees) any legal or equitable
right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

(b)(i)(i) Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees (Assignees)
all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Term Loans at
the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, except in
connection with a proposed assignment to any Disqualified Institution) of:

(A)the Lead Borrower, provided that no consent of the Lead Borrower shall be required for (i) an assignment to a Lender, an
Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or (ii) other than with respect to any proposed assignment to any Person that is a Disqualified
Institution, as assignment if an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), Section 8.01(f) or Section 8.01(g) has occurred
and is continuing; provided that, other than with respect to any proposed assignment to any Person that is a Disqualified Institution,
the Lead Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to
the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof; and

131

(B)the Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of all
or any portion of a Term Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund.

(ii)Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:

(A)except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining
amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment or Term Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Term Loans of the assigning
Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered
to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than an amount of $1,000,000 unless each of the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent
otherwise consents, provided that such amounts shall be aggregated in respect of each Lender and its Affiliates or Approved Funds,
if any;

(B)the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with
a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 (unless such fee is waived by the Administrative Agent); provided that only one such
fee shall be payable in the event of simultaneous assignments to or from two or more Approved Funds; and

(C)the Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire along with
any required know-your-customer documentation.

In connection with any assignment
of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the
other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent
in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee
of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Lead Borrower and the
Administrative Agent, the applicable Pro Rata Share of Term Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each
of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then
owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and
fund as appropriate) its full Pro Rata Share of all Term Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights
and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions
of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until
such compliance occurs.

132

(c)Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.07(d), from and after the
effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption (which for the avoidance of doubt shall be the date recorded in the Register),
the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and
Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent
of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of
an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall
cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05, 10.04
and 10.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment). Upon request, and
the surrender by the assigning Lender of its Term Note, the relevant Borrowers (at their expense) shall execute and deliver a Term Note
to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with
this clause (c) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations
in accordance with Section 10.07(e).

(d)The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at one of the
Administrative Agents Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the
names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of the Term Loans owing
to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be
conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the
Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.
Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an Assignee, an Administrative Questionnaire
completed in respect of the Assignee (if applicable and unless the Assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation
fee referred to in Section 10.07(b)(ii)(B) above (if applicable) and, if required, the written consent of the Lead Borrower and
the Administrative Agent to such assignment, the Administrative Agent shall (i) accept such Assignment and Assumption and (ii) record
the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective unless it has been recorded in the Register
as provided in this paragraph. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers, any Agent and any Lender, at any reasonable
time and from time to time upon reasonable prior written notice.

(e)Any Lender may at any time sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, a Disqualified Institution or a Defaulting
Lender) (each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement
(including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Term Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations
under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the
performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with
such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to
which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents;
provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree
to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in clauses (a) through (f) of the first proviso to Section 10.01
that requires the affirmative vote of such Lender. Subject to Section 10.07(f), the Borrowers agree that each Participant shall
be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations of such
Sections) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.07(c). To
the extent permitted by applicable Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.09 as though it were
a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that
sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it
enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in
the Term Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register). The entries in the Participant
Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant
Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. No Lender shall
have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information
relating to a Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document)
to any Person, except that the portion of any Participant Register relating to any Participant or SPC requesting payment from a Borrower
or seeking to exercise its rights under Section 10.09 shall be available for inspection by the Lead Borrower upon reasonable request
to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered
form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or as is otherwise required thereunder.

133

(f)A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05
than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the
sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Lead Borrowers prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld
or delayed (it being understood the Lead Borrower shall have a reasonable basis for withholding consent if such Participant would result
in materially increased indemnification obligation to the Lead Borrower at such time).

(g)Any Lender may, without the consent of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at any time pledge or assign a security interest
in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Term Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender,
including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank having jurisdiction over it;
provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such
pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

(h)Each party agrees that upon a transfer of rights and obligations, or an assignment of rights and obligations, or a novation of
rights and obligations under this Agreement or any Loan Documents, by an existing Lender to a new Lender, any Lien created under the Collateral
Documents and/or guarantee given under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents shall be maintained for the benefit of the Collateral
Agent, the new Lender and the remaining Secured Parties as and to the extent contemplated by the Loan Documents, including, for the purposes
of articles 1278 and 1281 of the Luxembourg Civil Code.

134

(i)
[Reserved].

(i)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) Jefferies Capital Services, LLC (Jefferies)
shall fund its portion of the Tranche C Commitment (the Jefferies Tranche C Commitment) on the Third Amendment Effective
Date and (ii) Jefferies may, with no requirement for further consent or notice to any party, within 30 days after the Third Amendment
Effective Date, assign the Jefferies Tranche C Commitment to one or more funds managed by Invesco Senior Secured Management, Inc.

(j)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender) may grant to a special
purpose funding vehicle identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Lead
Borrower (an SPC) the option to provide all or any part of any Term Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise
be obligated to make pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to fund
any Term Loan, (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to make all or any part of such Term Loan, the Granting
Lender shall be obligated to make such Term Loan pursuant to the terms hereof and (iii) such SPC and the applicable Term Loan or any applicable
part thereof, shall be appropriately reflected in the Participant Register. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) an SPC shall be entitled
to the benefit of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and the limitations of such Sections),
but neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase
or change the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement except in the case of Section 3.01, to the extent that the grant
to the SPC was made with the prior written consent of the Lead Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; for the avoidance
of doubt, the Lead Borrower shall have reasonable basis for withholding consent if an exercise by SPC immediately after the grant would
result in materially increased indemnification obligation to a Borrower at such time), (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity
or similar payment obligation under this Agreement for which a Lender would be liable, and (iii) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes,
including the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document, remain the lender of record
hereunder. The making of a Term Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as
if, such Term Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any SPC may (i) with
notice to, but without prior consent of the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent and with the payment of a processing fee of $3,500,
assign all or any portion of its right to receive payment with respect to any Term Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose
on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its funding of Term Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer
or provider of any surety or Guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC.

(k)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, without the consent of the Lead Borrower or the Administrative Agent,
(1) any Lender may in accordance with applicable Law create a security interest in all or any portion of the Term Loans owing to it and
the Term Notes, if any, held by it and (2) any Lender that is a Fund may create a security interest in all or any portion of the Term
Loans owing to it and the Term Notes, if any, held by it to the trustee for holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such
Fund as security for such obligations or securities; provided that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance
with the other provisions of this Section 10.07, (i) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations
under the Loan Documents and (ii) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under the Loan Documents
even though such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise.

135

Section
10.08Confidentiality. Each of the Agents and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information,
except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and its and its Affiliates managers, administrators, directors,
officers, employees, trustees, partners, investors, investment advisors and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors
(it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information
and instructed to keep such Information confidential); (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority or self-regulatory authority
having or asserting jurisdiction over such Person (including any Governmental Authority regulating any Lender or its Affiliates); (c)
to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (d) to any other party to this
Agreement; (e) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.08 (or as may otherwise
be reasonably acceptable to the Lead Borrower), to any pledgee referred to in Section 10.07(g), Eligible Assignee of or Participant in,
or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or Participant in any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement; (f) with the written
consent of the Lead Borrower; (g) to the extent such Information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this
Section 10.08 or becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential
basis from a source other than a Loan Party or its related parties (so long as such source is not known to the Administrative Agent,
such Lender or any of their respective Affiliates to be bound by confidentiality obligations to any Loan Party); (h) to any Governmental
Authority or examiner (including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any other similar organization) regulating any
Lender; (i) to any rating agency when required by it (it being understood that, prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall
undertake to preserve the confidentiality of any Information relating to Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries received by it from such
Lender) or to the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar organization; (j) to the extent such information is independently developed by
any Agent or Lender; (k) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder, under any other Loan Document or the enforcement
of its rights hereunder or thereunder. In addition, the Agents and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and publicly
available information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service
providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents,
the Commitments, and the Credit Extensions. For the purposes of this Section 10.08, Information means all information received
from the Loan Parties relating to any Loan Party, its Affiliates or its Affiliates directors, officers, employees, trustees, investment
advisors or agents, or its business, other than any such information that is publicly available to any Agent or any Lender prior to disclosure
by any Loan Party other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.08; provided that, in the case of information received from a
Loan Party after the Closing Date, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential or is delivered pursuant
to Section 6.01, 6.02 or 6.03 hereof.

136

Section
10.09Setoff. In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by Law, upon the occurrence and
during the continuance of any Event of Default, each Lender and its Affiliates (and the Collateral Agent, in respect of any unpaid fees,
costs and expenses payable hereunder) is authorized at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to each Borrower, any such
notice being waived by each Borrower (on its own behalf and on behalf of each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries) to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final)
at any time held by, and other Indebtedness at any time owing by, such Lender and its Affiliates or the Collateral Agent to or for the
credit or the account of the respective Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries against any and all Obligations owing to such Lender and
its Affiliates or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document, now or hereafter existing, irrespective of whether
or not such Agent or such Lender or Affiliate shall have made demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such
Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or denominated in a currency different from that of the applicable deposit or Indebtedness.
Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Lead Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such set off and application made by such
Lender; provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. The rights of the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender under this Section 10.09 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including
other rights of setoff) that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and such Lender may have at Law.

Section
10.10Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the
interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable
Law (the Maximum Rate). If any Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the
excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Term Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrowers.
In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by an Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person
may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather
than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or
unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder.

Section
10.11Counterparts. This Agreement and each other Loan Document may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery by telecopier
(or other electronic transmission, e.g., .pdf) of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement and each other Loan Document
shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement and such other Loan Document. The Agents may also
require that any such documents and signatures delivered by telecopier be confirmed by a manually signed original thereof; provided that
the failure to request or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any document or signature delivered by telecopier.

Section
10.12Integration. This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, comprises the complete and integrated
agreement of the parties on the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, on such subject
matter. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of any other Loan Document, the provisions of
this Agreement shall control; provided that the inclusion of supplemental rights or remedies in favor of the Agents or the Lenders in
any other Loan Document shall not be deemed a conflict of this Agreement. Each Loan Document was drafted with the joint participation
of the respective parties thereto and shall be construed neither against nor in favor of any party, but rather in accordance with the
fair meaning thereof.

137

Section
10.13Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in
any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the
execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by each Agent and each
Lender, regardless of any investigation made by any Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that any Agent or any
Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect
as long as any Term Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied.

Section
10.14Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid
or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. In the event of any such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability, the parties
shall negotiate in good faith with a view to agreeing on a legal, valid and enforceable replacement provision which, to the extent practicable,
is in accordance with the intent and purposes of this Agreement and in its economic effect comes as close as possible to the illegal,
invalid or unenforceable provision.

Section
10.15GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER SHALL, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN ANY COLLATERAL DOCUMENT, BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(a)ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS
OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW
EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY OR OF THE UNITED STATES
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF SUCH STATE, AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH LOAN PARTY, EACH AGENT AND EACH LENDER
CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS AND AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE
OR SUPPORT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANOTHER JURISDICTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN ANY OTHER
LOAN DOCUMENT WILL PREVENT ANY LENDER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR THE COLLATERAL AGENT FROM BRINGING ANY ACTION TO ENFORCE ANY AWARD
OR JUDGMENT OR EXERCISE ANY RIGHT UNDER THE COLLATERAL DOCUMENTS OR AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR ANY OTHER PROPERTY OF ANY LOAN PARTY IN
ANY OTHER FORUM IN WHICH JURISDICTION CAN BE ESTABLISHED. EACH LOAN PARTY, EACH AGENT AND EACH LENDER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION,
INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO
THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT RELATED THERETO. EACH
LOAN PARTY waives any immunity (sovereign or otherwise) from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process to which you or your
properties or assets may be entitled. To the extent that ANY LOAN PARTY has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of
any court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution,
execution or otherwise) with respect to itself or its property, SUCH LOAN PARTY irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations
under the Loan Documents.

138

(b)EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN
DOCUMENTS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES (OTHER THAN BY TELECOPIER OR ELECTRONIC MAIL) IN SECTION 10.02. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT
OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 10.15 AND IN ADDITION TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS PROVIDED FOR HEREIN, THE LEAD BORROWER
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY DESIGNATES, APPOINTS AND EMPOWERS THE CO- BORROWER (AND THE CO- BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS SUCH APPOINTMENT),
AS ITS AUTHORIZED DESIGNEE, APPOINTEE AND AGENT TO RECEIVE, ACCEPT AND ACKNOWLEDGE FOR AND ON ITS BEHALF, AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY,
SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL LEGAL PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICES AND DOCUMENTS WHICH MAY BE SERVED IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. IF FOR ANY
REASON THE CO- BORROWER SHALL CEASE TO BE AVAILABLE TO ACT AS SUCH, THE LEAD BORROWER AGREES TO PROMPTLY DESIGNATE A NEW AUTHORIZED DESIGNEE,
APPOINTEE AND AGENT IN NEW YORK CITY ON THE TERMS AND FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS PROVISION REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

Section
10.16WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT
HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR
IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT,
OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER FOUNDED IN CONTRACT OR TORT
OR OTHERWISE; AND EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED
BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION 10.16
WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE SIGNATORIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

139

Section
10.17Binding Effect. This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Loan Parties
and the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Lender that each such Lender has executed it and thereafter shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the Loan Parties, each Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns, in each case
in accordance with Section 10.07 (if applicable) and except that no Loan Party shall have the right to assign its rights hereunder or
any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Lenders.

Section
10.18USA Patriot Act. Each Lender that is subject to the USA Patriot Act and the Administrative Agent (for
itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act, it
is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Loan Parties, which information includes the name, address and
tax identification number of the Loan Parties and other information regarding the Loan Parties that will allow such Lender or the Administrative
Agent, as applicable, to identify the Loan Parties in accordance with the USA Patriot Act. This notice is given in accordance with the
requirements of the USA Patriot Act and is effective as to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent.

Section
10.19No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. (a)(a) In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated
hereby, each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that (i) the facilities provided
for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver
or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arms-length commercial transaction between the Borrowers and
their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Lenders, on the other hand, and the Borrowers are capable of evaluating
and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other
Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof), (ii) in connection with the process leading
to such transaction, each of the Agents and the Lenders is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor,
agent or fiduciary, for the Borrowers or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person,
(iii) none of the Agents or the Lenders has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Borrower
or any of its Affiliates with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with respect
to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether any Agent or Lender has
advised or is currently advising the Borrowers or any of its Affiliates on other matters) and none of the Agents or the Lenders has any
obligation to the Borrowers or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the financing transactions contemplated hereby except
those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, (iv) the Agents and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates
may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from, and may conflict with, those of the Borrowers
and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Agents or the Lenders has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue
of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship and (v)(v) the
Agents and the Lenders have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of
the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and
the Loan Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent they have deemed appropriate.
Each Loan Party hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that it may have against the Agents and
the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty under applicable law relating to agency and fiduciary
obligations.

140

(b)Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that each Lender and any affiliate thereof may lend money to, invest in, and generally
engage in any kind of business with, any of the Loan Parties, any Affiliate thereof or any other person or entity that may do business
with or own securities of any of the foregoing, all as if such Lender or Affiliate thereof were not a Lender hereunder and without any
duty to account therefor to any other Lender, any Loan Party or Affiliate of the foregoing.

Section
10.20Judgment Currency. If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert
a sum due hereunder or under any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at
which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency
on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Loan Parties in respect of any such sum due
from it to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in
a currency (the Judgment Currency) other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions
of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt
by the Administrative Agent of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent may in accordance with
normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased
is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent from the Loan Parties in the Agreement Currency, the Loan Parties agree,
jointly and severally, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or the Person
to whom such obligation was owing against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally
due to the Administrative Agent in such currency, the Administrative Agent agrees to return the amount of any excess to the respective
Loan Party (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law).

Section
10.21Reserved.

Section
10.22Reserved.

141

Section
10.23Certain ERISA Matters.

(a)Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the
date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following
is and will be true:

(i)such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section
3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Plans in connection with the Term Loans or the Commitments,

(ii)the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company
general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38
(a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions
determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Term Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement,

(iii)(A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part
VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform the Term Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Term Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of
Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied
with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Term Loans, the Commitments
and this Agreement, or

(iv)such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion,
and such Lender.

(b)In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has
not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such
Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date
such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent and its Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that:

(i)none of the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in
connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents
related to hereto or thereto),

142

(ii)the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Term Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21)
and is a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management or control,
total assets of at least $50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E),

(iii)the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Term Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both
in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Obligations),

(iv)the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Term Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect
to the Term Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions
hereunder, and

(v)no fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed
to other services) in connection with the Term Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement.

(c)The Administrative Agent hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice,
or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial
interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments
with respect to the Term Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Term Loans or the Commitments
for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Term Loans or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive
fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring
fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent
or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction
fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or
fees similar to the foregoing.

Article
XI

Guarantee

Section
11.01The Guarantee. Each Guarantor hereby jointly and severally with the other Guarantors guarantees, as a
primary obligor and not as a surety to each Secured Party and their respective successors and assigns, the prompt payment in full when
due (whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, demand, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest
(including any interest, fees, Make-Whole Amount, Applicable Sale Premium, Applicable Prepayment Premium, costs or charges that would
accrue but for the provisions of (i) the Title 11 of the United States Code after any bankruptcy or insolvency petition under Title 11
of the United States Code and (ii) any other Debtor Relief Laws) on the Term Loans made by the Lenders to, and the Notes held by each
Lender of, the Borrowers, and all other Obligations from time to time owing to the Secured Parties by any Loan Party (other than such
Guarantor with respect to its primary obligations) under any Loan Document strictly in accordance with the terms thereof (such obligations
being herein collectively called the Guaranteed Obligations). The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that if
the Borrowers or other Guarantor(s) shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any
of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Guarantors will promptly pay the same in cash, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in
the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full
when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal.

143

Section
11.02Obligations Unconditional. The obligations of the Guarantors under Section 11.01 shall constitute a guaranty
of payment and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, are absolute, irrevocable and unconditional, joint and several, irrespective
of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations of the Loan Parties under this Agreement,
the Term Notes, if any, any other Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or any substitution,
release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, irrespective of any other circumstance
whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor (except for payment in
full in cash). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of the following
shall not alter or impair the liability of any Guarantor hereunder which shall remain absolute, irrevocable and unconditional under any
and all circumstances as described above:

(a)at any time or from time to time, without notice to the Guarantors, to the extent permitted by Law, the time for any performance
of or compliance with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived;

(b)any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or the Term Notes, if any, or any other agreement or
instrument referred to herein or therein shall be done or omitted;

(c)the maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be amended
in any respect, or any right under the Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be amended
or waived in any respect or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or except as permitted pursuant to Section 11.08,
any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with;

(d)any Lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of, any Lender or Agent as security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations
shall fail to be perfected; or

(e)the release of any other Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.15Section
11.16.

144

The Guarantors hereby expressly
waive diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and, to the extent permitted by Law, all notices whatsoever, and any requirement
that any Secured Party exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against the Borrowers under this Agreement, the Term Notes, if any,
any other Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or against any other person under any other
guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations. The Guarantors waive, to the extent permitted by Law, any and all notice
of the creation, renewal, extension, waiver, termination or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance
by any Secured Party upon this Guarantee or acceptance of this Guarantee, and the Guaranteed Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively
be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred in reliance upon this Guarantee, and all dealings between the Borrowers and the
Secured Parties shall likewise be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guarantee. This Guarantee
shall be construed as a continuing, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee of payment without regard to any right of offset
with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations at any time or from time to time held by Secured Parties, and the obligations and liabilities
of the Guarantors hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Secured Parties or any other person at any
time of any right or remedy against the Borrowers or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part
of the Guaranteed Obligations or against any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. This Guarantee
shall remain in full force and effect and be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms upon the Guarantors and the successors
and assigns thereof, and shall inure to the benefit of the Lenders, and their respective successors and assigns, notwithstanding that
from time to time during the term of this Agreement there may be no Guaranteed Obligations outstanding.

Section
11.03Reinstatement. The obligations of the Guarantors under this Article XI shall be automatically reinstated
if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of the Borrowers or other Loan Party in respect of the Guaranteed
Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any
proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise.

Section
11.04Subrogation; Subordination. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that until the payment and satisfaction in full
in cash of all Guaranteed Obligations and the expiration and termination of the Commitments of the Lenders under this Agreement it shall
waive any claim and shall not exercise any right or remedy, direct or indirect, arising by reason of any performance by it of its guarantee
in Section 11.01, whether by subrogation or otherwise, against any Borrower or any other Guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations
or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Any Indebtedness of any Loan Party permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(b) and (c)
shall be subordinated to such Loan Partys Obligations in the manner set forth in the Intercompany Parent Note and the Intercompany
Note, as applicable, evidencing such Indebtedness.

Section
11.05Remedies. The Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Guarantors and the Lenders,
the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement and the Term Notes, if any, may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as
provided in Section 8.02 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Section 8.02)
for purposes of Section 11.01, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations
from becoming automatically due and payable) as against the Borrowers and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations
being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by the Borrowers) shall
forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of Section 11.01.

145

Section
11.06Instrument for the Payment of Money. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this Article
XI constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that any Lender or Agent, at its sole option, in the event
of a dispute by such Guarantor in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to bring a motion-action under New York
CPLR Section 3213.

Section
11.07Continuing Guarantee. The guarantee in this Article XI is a continuing guarantee of payment, and shall
apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising.

Section
11.08General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations. In any action or proceeding involving any state, provincial
or federal corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company law, or any applicable state, federal or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or other Law affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the obligations of any Guarantor under Section 11.01 would
otherwise be held or determined to be void, voidable, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors,
on account of the amount of its liability under Section 11.01, then, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the amount
of such liability shall, without any further action by such Guarantor, any Loan Party or any other person, be automatically limited and
reduced to the highest amount (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 11.16) that is valid and
enforceable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding.

Section
11.09ReservedSpecific Limitation for Swiss Guarantors.

(a)If and to the extent that (i) a Swiss Guarantor becomes, under Section 11.01 or under any other provision of any Loan Document
liable for Guaranteed Obligations of its Affiliates (other than those of its direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiaries) or otherwise
obliged to grant economic benefits to its Affiliates (other than its direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiaries), including, for the
avoidance of doubt, any restrictions of such Swiss Guarantors rights of set-off and/or subrogation or its duties to subordinate
or waive claims and (ii) complying with such obligations would constitute a repayment of capital (Einlagerckgewhr),
a violation of the legally protected reserves (gesetzlich geschtzte Reserven) or the payment of a (constructive) dividend
(Gewinnausschttung) by such Swiss Guarantor or would otherwise be restricted under Swiss corporate law then applicable (the
Restricted Obligations), the aggregate liability of such Swiss Guarantor for Restricted Obligations shall be limited to
the amount available for distribution as dividends to the shareholders of such Swiss Guarantor at the time such Swiss Guarantor is required
to perform under any Loan Document, provided that this is a requirement under applicable Swiss law at that time and further provided that
such limitation shall not discharge such Swiss Guarantor from its obligations in excess thereof, but merely postpone the performance date
therefore until such times as performance is again permitted notwithstanding such limitation.

146

(b)In respect of Restricted Obligations, each Swiss Guarantor shall:

(i)if and to the extent required by applicable law in force at the relevant time use its best efforts to mitigate to the
extent possible any Swiss Withholding Tax obligations to be levied on the Restricted Obligations (and cause its parent and other relevant
Affiliates to fully cooperate in any mitigating efforts), in particular through the notification procedure, and promptly notify the Administrative
Agent thereof or, if such a notification procedure is not applicable:

(A)deduct Swiss Withholding Tax at the rate of 35% (or such other rate as in force from time to time pursuant to, in particular,
any applicable double taxation treaty) from any payment made by it in respect of Restricted Obligations;

(B)pay any such deduction to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration; and

(C)notify (and the Lead Borrower shall ensure that such Swiss Guarantor will notify) the Administrative Agent that such a deduction
has been made and provide the Administrative Agent with evidence that such a deduction has been paid to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration;
and

(ii)to the extent such a deduction is made, not be obliged to either gross-up payments and/or indemnify the Secured Parties
in accordance with Section 3.01 in relation to any such payment made by it in respect of Restricted Obligations unless grossing-up and/or
indemnifying is permitted under the laws of Switzerland then in force (it being understood that this shall not in any way limit any obligations
of any other Loan Party under any Loan Document to indemnify the Secured Parties in respect of the deduction of the Swiss Withholding
Tax). Each Swiss Guarantor shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any Person which is, as a result of a deduction
of Swiss Withholding Tax, entitled to a full or partial refund of the Swiss Withholding Tax, will, as soon as possible after the deduction
of the Swiss Withholding Tax, (i) request a refund of the Swiss Withholding Tax under any applicable law (including double tax treaties)
and (ii) promptly upon receipt, pay to the Administrative Agent (or to any such other Secured Party as directed by the Administrative
Agent) any amount so refunded for application as a further payment of such Swiss Guarantor under and pursuant to the relevant Loan Document.

(c)If and to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent and if and to the extent this is from time to time required under
Swiss law (restricting profit distributions), in order to allow the Secured Parties to obtain a maximum benefit under this Article XI,
each Swiss Guarantor shall, and any parent company of such Swiss Guarantor being a party to this Agreement shall procure that such Swiss
Guarantor will, promptly implement all such measures and/or promptly procure the fulfillment of all prerequisites allowing it to promptly
make the (requested) payment(s) hereunder from time to time, including the following:

(i)preparation of an up-to-date audited balance sheet of such Swiss Guarantor;

147

(ii)confirmation of the auditors of such Swiss Guarantor that the relevant amount represents (the maximum of) freely distributable
profits and;

(iii)conversion of restricted reserves into profits and reserves freely available for the distribution as dividends (to the
extent permitted by mandatory Swiss law);

(iv)revaluation of hidden reserves (to the extent permitted by mandatory Swiss law);

(v)approval by a shareholders meeting of such Swiss Guarantor of the (resulting) profit distribution; and

(vi)all such other measures necessary or useful to allow such Swiss Guarantor to make the payments agreed hereunder with
a minimum of limitations.

Section
11.10ReservedSpecific Limitation for Belgian Guarantors.

(a)Definitions. The following terms shall have the following meaning for the purposes of this Section 11.10, unless the context
requires otherwise:

(1) BCCA means the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations of 23 March 2019, as amended
from time to time;

(2) Belgian Guarantor means each of TRINSEO BELGIUM BV, having its statutory seat at Havenlaan
7, 3980 Tessenderlo (Belgium), registered with the Crossroads Bank of Enterprises under number 0820.679.188 (RPR Antwerp division
Hasselt) and TRINSEO OPERATING BELGIUM B.V., having its statutory seat at Havenlaan 7, 3980 Tessenderlo (Belgium), registered with the
Crossroads Bank of Enterprises under number 0784.679.718 (RPR Antwerp division Hasselt);

(3) Net Assets shall have the meaning given to it in article 5:142 third paragraph BCCA,
and, in the event of a dispute on the amount thereof, a certificate of such amount from the statutory auditors of the relevant Belgian
Guarantor (or, if none, an independent accountant of international reputation appointed upon the Agent's request by the "Insituut
van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/ Institut des Rviseurs d'Entreprises") shall be conclusive, save in the case of manifest error;

(4) On Lending means the aggregate amount of all amounts (whether or not due or payable)
made available by a member of the relevant Belgian Guarantors company group to the relevant Belgian Guarantor and/or any of its
Subsidiaries, irrespective of whether retained or on lent by such Belgian Guarantor or its Subsidiaries; and

148

(5) Subsidiary means a company which is controlled by that company in the meaning of Article
1:15, 2 BCCA.

(b)Limitation. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, the liability of each Belgian Guarantor under any Loan Document
for the Guaranteed Obligations of its Affiliates, which is not a direct or indirect Subsidiary of that Belgian Guarantor, will be limited
to the greater of:

(1)an amount equal to 85 (eighty-five) per cent of the Net Assets of such Belgian Guarantor calculated on the basis of its most
recent annual financial statements available at the date of the Guaranty;

(2)an amount equal to 85 (eighty-five) per cent of the Net Assets of such Belgian Guarantor calculated on the basis of its most
recent annual financial statements available at the date on which a demand is made on the Belgian Guarantor under the Guaranty; and

(3)the highest amount of On Lending to such Belgian Guarantor and its Subsidiaries at any time between the date of the Guaranty
and the date on which a demand is made against the Belgian Guarantor under the Guaranty.

(c)In addition, the Guaranty does not apply to any liability to the extent that it would result in the Guaranty constituting unlawful
financial assistance within the meaning of Article 5:152 BCCA.

Section
11.11Reserved.

Section
11.12Reserved.

Section
11.13Reserved.

Section
11.14Reserved.

Section
11.15Release of Guarantors. When all Commitments hereunder have terminated, and all Term Loans or other Obligations
hereunder which are accrued and payable have been paid or satisfied, this Agreement and the Guarantees made herein shall terminate with
respect to all Obligations, except with respect to Obligations that expressly survive such repayment pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Section
11.16Right of Contribution. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Guarantor shall have paid
more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from
and against any other Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Guarantors right of
contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 11.08.

149

Section
11.17Reserved.

Section
11.18Reserved.

Section
11.19Reserved.

Section
11.20Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such
parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liabilities of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to
the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority
and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities
arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b)the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial
Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares
or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement
or any other Loan Document; or

(iii)the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of
the applicable Resolution Authority.

As used in this Section 11.20,
the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below.

(c)Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

(d)Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution
Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

(e)Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement
for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United
Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable
in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their
affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

150

(f)Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a
UK Resolution Authority.

(g)UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended
form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA
Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions
and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

(h)UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility
for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

(i)Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and
conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country,
which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom,
any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability
of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability
into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have
effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under
that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

151

Schedule
1.01C

Triggering
Events

Triggering
Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:

(a)the
Trinseo Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall propose to undertake, undertake steps to or consummate, in one or more
related transactions, a Chewy Transaction, a J. Crew Transaction or a Serta Transaction;

(b)the
Trinseo Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary,
or make any Investment in any Unrestricted Subsidiary (other than (i) any Investment in the Company, Holdings, Altuglas and Aristech
and (ii) any Investment of Securitization Assets in Trinseo U.S. Receivables Company SPV LLC);

(c)notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in Section 7.13 of the OpCo Credit Agreement, the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
shall prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner any Indebtedness constituting
a Junior Financing that is contractually subordinated in right of payment or in lien priority to the 2023 Incremental Term Loans, the
2023 Refinancing Term Loans or the 2025 Incremental Term Loans;

(d)notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in Section 7.03(r) or Section 7.01(w) of the OpCo Credit Agreement, any Non-Loan Party
shall incur Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.03(r) of the OpCo Credit Agreement and/or secure such Indebtedness pursuant
to Section 7.01(w) of the OpCo Credit Agreement, in each case other than to finance working capital needs in such Non-Loan
Partys ordinary course of business;

(e)notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in Section 7.03(s), Section 7.03(v), Section 7.03(w) or Section 7.01 of the OpCo
Credit Agreement, any Non-Loan Party shall incur Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.03(v), Section 7.03(s) or Section 7.03(w) of
the OpCo Credit Agreement and/or secure such Indebtedness pursuant to Section 7.01 of the OpCo Credit Agreement, in each case other
than to finance working capital needs in such Non-Loan Partys ordinary course of business;

(f)any
of the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans, 2023 Incremental Term Loans or 2025 Incremental Term Loans shall be assigned or transferred, in whole
or in part, to an assignee without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Holders);

(g)an
Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (f) or (g) of the OpCo Credit Agreement shall have occurred and be continuing;

(h)the
Trinseo Lead Borrower shall repurchase, voluntarily prepay, defease or redeem the 2021 Incremental Term Loans other than with proceeds
of a Permitted Refinancing;

152

(i)the
Trinseo Lead Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall enter into Permitted Securitizations the Maximum Securitization Facility
Size of which exceed at any time $150,000,000 in the aggregate;

(j)[reserved];

(k)the
proviso in the definition of Net Proceeds, which excludes from the requirement to prepay the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(b) of
the OpCo Credit Agreement the Net Proceeds of Dispositions of property or assets elected by the Trinseo Lead Borrower that do not exceed
$300,000,000 in the aggregate, shall be in effect at any time after the 2021 Incremental Term Loans are no longer outstanding;

(l)after
the Issue Date, the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall incur any Indebtedness pursuant to Section 2.16 of
the OpCo Credit Agreement;

(m)the
Trinseo Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall make a Restricted Payment (other than (i) a dividend, distribution or
other payment directly or indirectly to the Lead Borrower and/or (ii) a Restricted Investment entered into for a bona fide business
purpose (as determined in good faith by the Trinseo Lead Borrower) so long as such Restricted Investment is made by (x) any Trinseo
Loan Party or (y) a Person that will become a Loan Party or a Trinseo Loan Party substantially concurrently with the making of
such Restricted Investment) pursuant to Section 7.06(g)(y) of the OpCo Credit Agreement utilizing clause (a) of the
definition of Cumulative Credit and not in connection with any Liability Management Transaction;

(n)the
amount of Cumulative Credit or the calculation of any Permitted Investment available at any time, in each case as a result of dividends
or distributions received by the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from Americas Styrenics after the Issue Date, shall
be used by the Trinseo Loan Parties or any Restricted Subsidiary for any purpose other than (i) a dividend, distribution or other
payment directly or indirectly to the Lead Borrower and/or (ii) an Investment entered into for a bona fide business purpose (as
determined in good faith by the Trinseo Lead Borrower) so long as such Investment is (1) made by (x) any Trinseo Loan Party
or (y) a Person that will become a Loan Party or a Trinseo Loan Party substantially concurrently with the making of such Investment
and (2) not in connection with any Liability Management Transaction; or

(o)the
Trinseo Lead Borrower or any Subsidiary incurs any Indebtedness, makes any Investment or transfers or otherwise disposes of any asset
or property in connection with any Liability Management Transaction;

provided
that, the Transactions and any transaction taken in connection with or as
a step to accomplish the Transactions shall not be a Triggering Event.

For
purposes of this definition, the following terms shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the OpCo Credit Agreement as of the
Issue Date:

2021
Incremental Term Loans, 2023 Incremental Term Loans, 2025 Incremental Term Loans Cumulative
Credit, Dispositions, Event of Default, Guaranteed Obligations, Guarantor,
Indebtedness, Investment, Junior Financing, Lien, Maximum Securitization
Facility Size, Net Proceeds, Non-Loan Party, Permitted Refinancing, Permitted
Securitizations, Restricted Investment, Restricted Payment, Securitization Assets, Superpriority
Credit Agreement, Term Loan and Unrestricted Subsidiary.

153

The
Trinseo Lead Borrower agrees that if the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary uses either of the baskets referenced in
clause (m) and (n) above to make an Investment after the Issue Date consisting of an acquisition of an asset or Person that
will not become collateral under the OpCo Credit Agreement or will not become a Trinseo Loan Party under the OpCo Credit Agreement, as
applicable, and the consideration for such acquisition is in excess of $10,000,000, then within a reasonable time period after the closing
of such acquisition, Trinseo Lead Borrower shall provide the collateral agent under the OpCo Credit Agreement with a share pledge with
respect to the acquired Person (or the Person which owns the acquired assets) to the extent that such share pledge is legally permitted
by the relevant jurisdiction (including giving due consideration to financial assistance, corporate benefit, capitalization requirements
and similar concepts), does not cause a material adverse tax consequence to the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and
is not overly burdensome, in each case as determined by the Trinseo Lead Borrower in consultation with the Holders.

It
is agreed and understood that the section references contained in this definition refer to section references in the OpCo Credit Agreement
as of the Issue Date and, in each case, any functional equivalents thereof from time to time.

Chewy
Transaction means any transaction or a series of related transactions as a result of which any Guarantor (as defined in the OpCo
Credit Agreement) is released from the Guaranteed Obligations (as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement) and/or the Liens securing such
Guaranteed Obligations are released, in each case, as a result of such Guarantor ceasing to be a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Trinseo
Lead Borrower or another Loan Party under and as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement or otherwise becoming an Excluded Subsidiary (as
defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement), unless the transaction pursuant to which such Loan Party under and as defined in the OpCo Credit
Agreement ceases to be a Subsidiary or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary (x) is permitted under the OpCo Credit Agreement (as in effect
on the Issue Date), (y) arises from legitimate bona fide business transactions solely to establish one or more joint ventures with
one or more unaffiliated third parties in order to undertake a commercial enterprise that is a permitted line of business (and not, for
the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of releasing guarantees or collateral under the OpCo Credit Agreement or doing so in connection
with a financing or refinancing transaction) and (z) after giving effect to such transaction, one or more unaffiliated third parties
shall own at least 20% of the common equity interests of such joint venture.

J.
Crew Transaction means any transaction or a series of related transactions as a result of which any asset or group of assets that
is material to the business of the Trinseo Lead Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall be owned, as of any
date of designation thereof, by any Unrestricted Subsidiary or, after the date of designation thereof, transferred, assigned, contributed
or exclusively licensed to any Unrestricted Subsidiary provided that if assets material to the business of the Trinseo Lead Borrower
and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are transferred to an Unrestricted Subsidiary in connection with a financing provided
by all or a portion of the Holders (and consented to by the Required Holders), then the transfer of assets to an Unrestricted Subsidiary
shall not constitute a J. Crew Transaction if each then existing Holder is offered a bona fide opportunity to participate
on the same terms (other than bona fide backstop, put option, arrangement or restructuring fees or premiums) as offered to all other
participants (or their affiliates); provided, however, that if any such Holder does not accept an offer to participate
in such transaction or series of related transactions to the extent of its pro rata share, such Holder shall be deemed to have declined
such offer. Notwithstanding the foregoing a Permitted Securitization shall not be a J. Crew Transaction.

154

Liability
Management Transaction means any refinancing, retirement, amendment, exchange, repurchase, defeasance, assumption (including via
an asset sale) or similar transaction that results, directly or indirectly, in (x) any existing Indebtedness for borrowed money
or Preferred Stock of the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries becoming or (y) any new Indebtedness for borrowed money
or Preferred Stock of the Trinseo Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries being created, in each case, that is contractually, structurally
or temporally senior (including as to Lien priority or additional collateral) to the 2023 Incremental Term Loans, 2023 Refinancing Term
Loans or 2025 Incremental Term Loans. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing limitation shall not apply to (i) any refinancing,
retirement, amendment, exchange, repurchase, defeasance, assumption or similar transaction with respect to any existing Indebtedness
of the applicable Person(s) that is already contractually, structurally or temporally senior (including as to Lien priority or additional
collateral) the 2023 Incremental Term Loans, 2023 Refinancing Term Loans or 2025 Incremental Term Loans, (ii) any Permitted Refinancing,
(iii) any funded Indebtedness to finance the working capital needs of a Non-Loan Party in ordinary course of business, (iv) any
purchase money or similar financings incurred in the ordinary course of business, (v) funded Indebtedness of any joint venture otherwise
permitted under the OpCo Credit Agreement, (vi) obligations under the Superpriority Credit Agreement (as defined in the OpCo Credit
Agreement) in a principal amount not to exceed $350,000,000 (vii) any Permitted Securitization and (viii) any refinancing,
retirement, amendment, exchange, repurchase, defeasance, assumption or similar transaction with respect to any existing or new Indebtedness
with respect to which each then existing Holder is offered a bona fide opportunity to participate on the same terms (other than bona
fide backstop, put option, arrangement or restructuring fees or premiums) as offered to all other providers (or their affiliates); provided,
however, that if any such Holder does not accept an offer to provide its pro rata share of such other Indebtedness, such Holder
shall be deemed to have declined such offer.

Serta
Transaction means any transaction or series of related transactions that results in the contractual subordination of (i) the
Liens securing the Obligations under and as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement to any Lien securing any other Indebtedness of the Trinseo
Loan Parties or (ii) the right of payment of the Obligations under and as defined in the OpCo Credit Agreement to any other Indebtedness
of the Trinseo Loan Parties, other than in connection with (x) any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.03(e)(i) of
the OpCo Credit Agreement in the ordinary course of business for bona fide business purposes with unaffiliated third parties and (y) any
Indebtedness with respect to which each then existing Holder is offered a bona fide opportunity to fund or otherwise provide its pro
rata share of such other Indebtedness on the same terms (other than bona fide backstop, put option, arrangement or restructuring fees
or premiums) as offered to all other providers (or their affiliates) of such other Indebtedness; provided, however, that
if any such Holder does not accept an offer to provide its pro rata share of such other Indebtedness, such Holder shall be deemed to
have declined such offer.

155

Super
Holdco Side Letter means the side letter entered into between the administrative
agent under the Super HoldCo Credit Agreement and the Trustee relating to certain consent rights relating to Trinseo Luxco Finance SPV
S. r.l.s actions as lender with respect to the 2023 Refinancing Term Loans, 2023 Incremental Term Loans and 2025
Incremental Term Loans.

156

EXHIBIT C

Schedule 1.01D

Tranche C Term Loan Commitments

EXHIBIT D

Post-Closing Actions
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tse-20250117.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tse-20250117_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tse-20250117_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36473

Entity Registrant Name Trinseo
PLC

Entity Central Index Key 0001519061

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code L2

Entity Address, Address Line One 440
East Swedesford Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 301

Entity Address, City or Town Wayne

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19087

City Area Code 610

Local Phone Number 240-3200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol TSE

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://trinseo.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm253651d1_8k.htm 
tse-20250117.xsd 
tse-20250117_lab.xml 
tse-20250117_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-004689-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm253651d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001519061 

2025-01-17 
2025-01-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001519061 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-01-17 
Trinseo PLC 
L2 
001-36473 
440 East Swedesford Road 
Suite 301 
Wayne 
PA 
19087 
610 
240-3200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary Shares, par value $0.01 per share 
TSE 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>