<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-002023.txt : 20250108
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-002023.hdr.sgml : 20250108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250108160530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-002023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250104
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001826667
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				853009869
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39813
		FILM NUMBER:		25518582

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6272 WEST 91ST AVENUE
		CITY:			WESTMINSTER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80031
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415 336 8917

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6272 WEST 91ST AVENUE
		CITY:			WESTMINSTER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80031

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MedTech Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200930
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm252133d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000182666700018266672025-01-042025-01-040001826667us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-01-042025-01-040001826667us-gaap:WarrantMember2025-01-042025-01-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 4, 2025

TRISALUS
LIFE SCIENCES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-39813 85-3009869

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) (Commission 

File
Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification
No.)

6272
W. 91st Ave., Westminster,
Colorado 80031

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(888)
321-5212

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240-13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading

symbol(s) Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value per share TLSI Nasdaq
Global Market

Warrants,
each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share TLSIW Nasdaq
Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 4, 2025, the Board of Directors (the
Board) of TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc. (the Company) approved, effective January 6, 2025, a leadership transition,
promoting James Young to Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and principal financial and accounting officer of the Company,
and appointing Sean Murphy to Chief Manufacturing, Strategy and Business Development Officer. Prior to the leadership transition, Mr.
Young served as the Companys Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer, and Mr. Murphy served as the Companys
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and principal financial and accounting officer. Mr. Murphy will continue to serve as a member of the
Board.

Mr. Young, age 62, has served as the Companys
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer since August 2023. From June 2022 to July 2023, Mr. Young served as President
of J Young Consulting LLC, where he served as an Interim Chief Financial Officer and also provided finance organization optimization services
for small to medium sized companies, primarily in the life sciences industry. Prior to that, he served in various finance roles of increasing
responsibility, during a 33-year career at Abbott Laboratories, a publicly held medical device and healthcare company. Mr. Youngs
most recent role at Abbott was Vice President and Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer from July 2015 to May 2021. Prior to his time at
Abbott, he was a Senior Auditor at Ernst and Whinney. Mr. Young received his BBA in Accounting from St. Norbert College and is a Certified
Public Accountant, State of Wisconsin.

In connection with Mr. Youngs appointment,
the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Young (the Young Employment Agreement). Pursuant to
the Young Employment Agreement, Mr. Youngs annual base salary is $420,000, and Mr. Young will be eligible to receive an annual
performance bonus of a target amount equal to up to 50% of his annual base salary. Mr. Young is also eligible to participate in the Companys
benefit plans generally available to similarly situated employees.

In the event Mr. Youngs employment is terminated,
he will be entitled to receive any accrued obligations, which include accrued but unpaid salary through the date of termination, unreimbursed
expenses, and benefits owed to him under retirement and health plans in which he participates. In addition, Mr. Young is eligible to receive
the following severance benefits under the Young Employment Agreement if his employment is terminated by the Company pursuant to a Discharge
Without Cause (as defined in the Young Employment Agreement) or if he experiences a Resignation For Good Reason (as
defined in the Young Employment Agreement), and provided he timely executes and does not revoke a release of claims in favor of the Company:
(a) continuing payment of Mr. Youngs then-current annual base salary for six months, and (b) if Mr. Youngs Discharge
Without Cause occurs in the fourth calendar quarter of a year and the Company achieves its financial objectives on which his bonus
for that year is based, he will also be entitled to a pro rata annual bonus for such year.

Further, if Mr. Young experiences a Discharge
Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason within the one-year period following a Change of Control (as defined in the Young Employment
Agreement), Mr. Young will be entitled to: (a) a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of his then annual base salary, (b) his annual bonus
for the year of termination, assuming performance was met at the target level, (c) the cost of one year of continued medical,
dental, and vision benefits at the same level as if the executive remained employed by the Company, and (d) full vesting of all outstanding
stock options and other equity incentives that are subject to vesting over time and based on length of service with the Company.

Mr. Young entered into the Companys standard
form of Indemnity Agreement for officers of the Company.

There is no arrangement or understanding between
Mr. Young and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as an officer of the Company, and there are no family relationships between
Mr. Young and any of the Companys directors or executive officers. There are no transactions to which the Company is a party and
in which Mr. Young has a direct or indirect material interest that would be required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

In connection with Mr. Murphys transition
to Chief Manufacturing, Strategy and Business Development Officer, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Executive Employment
Agreement (the Murphy A&R Employment Agreement). Except for (i) the change in Mr. Murphys title, (ii) adjustment
of Mr. Murphys annual base salary to $450,000, and (iii) reduction of severance pay to six months if Mr. Murphys employment
is terminated pursuant to a Discharge Without Cause (as defined in the Murphy A&R Employment Agreement) or he resigns pursuant to
a Resignation for Good Reason (as defined in the Murphy A&R Employment Agreement), the material terms of the Murphy A&R Employment
Agreement are materially the same as those contained in Mr. Murphys Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated March
2, 2023, which terms are disclosed in Part III, Item 10 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on April 11, 2024.

The foregoing descriptions of the terms of the
Young Employment Agreement and the Murphy A&R Employment Agreement are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference
to the Young Employment Agreement and the Murphy A&R Employment Agreement, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively.

On January 8, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the above-described leadership transition, a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.1.

Salary Investment Program

On January 4, 2025, the Compensation Committee
confirmed, ratified and approved a salary investment program (the Salary Investment Program) pursuant to which executive
officers of the Company could elect to reduce their annual base salary for 2025 in exchange for a grant of RSUs. The amount of base salary
that an officer elects to forgo will be converted into RSUs with a grant date value equal to the amount of such salary reduction. The
Company expects that the Compensation Committee will grant the RSUs to be issued pursuant to the Salary Investment Program on or about
February 18, 2025. The RSUs granted pursuant to the Salary Investment Program will be subject to time-based vesting. As of December 31,
2024, executive officers of the Company had irrevocably elected to invest an aggregate of $515,052 in the Salary Investment Program.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Executive Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and James Young, dated January 6, 2025.

10.2 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Sean Murphy, dated January 6, 2025.

99.1 Press Release dated January 8, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

TRISALUS LIFE SCIENCES, INC.

By: /s/ Mary Szela

Mary Szela

Chief Executive Officer

Date: January 8, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm252133d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS EXHIBIT,
MARKED BY [***], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE THE REGISTRANT HAS DETERMINED THAT IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE
TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL.

Confidential

Execution Version

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is made and entered into as of January 6, 2025 (the Effective Date), between TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and James Young (Executive).

RECITALS

A. Executive
and the Company are entering into this Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of Executives employment with the Company.
The Company hereby employs Executive, and Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company, upon the terms and conditions contained
in this Agreement.

B. As
an executive employee of the Company, Executive will have access to and Executive will become familiar with, acquire knowledge of and
develop or maintain the Confidential Information (as defined below), whether currently existing or to be developed in the future, which
Executive recognizes permits the Company to enjoy a competitive advantage, and the disclosure to and/or use of such Confidential Information
by competitors, potential competitors and/or any third-party would cause irreparable harm to the Company. Executive and the Company desire
to enter into this Agreement in order to, among other things, protect the Confidential Information and the Companys business relationships.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, IN
CONSIDERATION of the foregoing facts, the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the Company and Executive agree as follows:

1. Definitions.
As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in this Section 1:

(a) Affiliate
means with respect to any party, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, firm and/or other entity which
directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with such party.

(b) Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

(c) Change
in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i) Change in Ownership of the
Company. A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting
as a group (Person), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person,
constitutes more than 50% of the total voting power of the stock of the Company, except that any change in the ownership of the
stock of the Company as a result of a private financing of the Company that is approved by the Board of Directors will not be
considered a Change in Control; or

(ii) Change
in Effective Control of the Company. If the Company has a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended a change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members
of the Board of Directors is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by
a majority of the members of the Board of Directors prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this clause (ii),
if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same
Person will not be considered a Change in Control; or

(iii) Change
in Ownership of a Substantial Portion of the Companys Assets. A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys
assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the
most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more
than 50% of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions.
For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets
being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets.

(d) Compensation
Committee means a committee of the Board of Directors which has been delegated responsibility for employee compensation matters
or, in the absence thereof, the entire Board of Directors.

(e) Competing
Business means a business that is engaged in researching, designing, developing, manufacturing, marketing and/or sales of medical
devices for regional delivery and therapeutics used in that delivery to treat solid tumors.

(f) Confidential
Information means confidential or proprietary information and/or techniques of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates
entrusted to, developed by, or made available to Executive, whether in writing, in computer form, reduced to a tangible form in any medium,
or conveyed orally, that is not generally known by others in the form in which it is or was used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates. Examples of Confidential Information include, without limitation: (i) sales, sales volume, sales methods, sales proposals,
business plans or statements of work; (ii) Customers, Prospective Customers, and Customer records, including contact, preference
and other Customer information; (iii) costs and general price lists and prices charged to specific Customers; (iv) the names,
addresses, contact information and other information concerning any and all brokers, vendors and suppliers and prospective brokers, vendors
and suppliers; (v) terms of contracts; (vi) non-public information and materials describing or relating to the business or financial
affairs of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, including but not limited to, financial statements, budgets, projections
financial and/or investment performance information, research reports, personnel matters, products, services, operating procedures, organizational
responsibilities and marketing matters, policies or procedures; (vii) information and materials describing existing or new processes,
products and services of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, including marketing materials, analytical data and techniques,
and product, service or marketing concepts under development by or for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, and the status
of such development; (viii) the business or strategic plans of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates; (ix) the
information technology systems, network designs, computer program code, and application practices of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates; (x) acquisition candidates of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any business plans, studies
or assessments relating thereto; (xi) information relating to Executive Developments; and (xii) trademarks, service marks, trade
secrets, trade names and logos. The terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to be Confidential Information. Confidential Information does
not include information that becomes generally known to and available for use by the public other than as a result of Executives
acts or omissions to act, including any breach of this Agreement.

- 2 -

(g) Control
(including the terms Controlling, Controlled by and under common Control with) means the power
to direct the management and policies of another person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by
contract or otherwise.

(h) Covered
Entity means every Affiliate of Executive, and every business, association, trust, corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, proprietorship or other entity in or to which Executive has an investment (whether through debt or equity securities), maintains
any capital contribution or has made any advances, or in which any Affiliate of Executive has an ownership interest or profit sharing
percentage. The agreements of Executive contained herein specifically apply to each entity which is presently a Covered Entity, or which
becomes a Covered Entity subsequent to the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement
prohibits Executive from owning less than 3% of any class of voting securities, publicly held and quoted on a recognized securities exchange
or inter-dealer quotation system, of any issuer, and no such issuer shall be considered a Covered Entity solely by virtue of such ownership
or the incidents thereof.

(i) Customer
means any person or entity for whom the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (i) provides (or contracted to provide)
goods or services as of the date hereof or at any time during the Term or (ii) has provided goods or services at any time during
the one-year period prior to the date hereof.

(j) Discharge
for Cause means termination of Executives employment by the Company for any one or more of the following:

i. Executive's failure to perform Executive's duties consistent with Executives position under this
Agreement (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness);

ii. the Companys reasonable determination that Executive failed to comply with any valid and legal directive
from the Chief Executive Officer or the Board consistent with Executives position and duties under this Agreement;

iii. Executive's commission of an act constituting dishonesty, embezzlement, misappropriation, or fraud in the
course of Executives performance of duties and responsibilities under the Agreement;

iv. Executive's commission, indictment, plea of no contest, plea of nolo contendere, or imposition of
an un-adjudicated probation for any felony or crime involving moral turpitude;

v. Executive's breach of a material provision of this Agreement, receiving notice from the Company specifically
identifying Employees violation, and if curable in the reasonable discretion of the Company, the Executive being given ten (10) days
notice to cure such breach, and Executive has failed to remedy such breach within the ten (10) day period;

- 3 -

vi. Executives violation of any Company policies that are written or otherwise communicated to the Executive,
receiving notice from the Company specifically identifying Executives breach, and if curable in the reasonable discretion of the
Company, the Executive being given ten (10) days notice to cure such violation, and Executive has failed to remedy such violation
within the ten (10) day period;

vii. Executive's engagement in conduct that brings or is reasonably likely to bring the Company negative publicity
or into public disgrace, embarrassment, or disrepute;

viii. Executives unlawful use (including being under the influence) or possession of illegal drugs on the
Companys (or any of its Affiliates) premises or while performing Employees duties and responsibilities under this
Agreement; or

ix. Executives commencement of employment or engagement with another company or enterprise while Executive
is an employee of the Company without the prior consent of the Board of Directors.

Unless specifically required, notice
is not required for Discharge for Cause prior to termination by the Company.

(k) Discharge
Without Cause means the Companys termination of Executives employment hereunder during the Term for any reason
other than a Discharge For Cause or due to Executives death or permanent disability.

(l) Executive
Developments means any invention, discovery, design, idea, copyrightable work, trademark or service mark, patent, information,
material or other development which is or was conceived, discovered, created, reduced to practice or otherwise developed by Executive,
either solely or with others: (i) within the scope of Executives employment with the Company, (ii) with the use of materials,
technology, information, facilities, equipment or other resources of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or (iii) relating
to any past, present or contemplated publication, product or activity of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates of which
Executive has knowledge while employed by the Company. Examples of Executive Developments include, without limitation, (A) Customer
proposals and statements of work, (B) contact, preference and other information relating to Customers and Prospective Customers,
(C) research reports and other research results for the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates publications,
consulting activities or client projects, (D) business and marketing plans and research results, (E) cost and pricing information,
(F) financial statements, records and information, (G) computer program code, architectures, specifications and documentation,
(H) system and network designs and configurations, (I) technical memoranda, specifications, designs, manuals and research results,
(J) concepts, processes, machines, technologies, algorithms, ideas and concepts, (K) writings, drawings, graphic works and audiovisual
works, (L) trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos and (M) any portions, combinations, modifications and derivatives
of the foregoing.

- 4 -

(m) Prospective
Customer means any person or entity with whom the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates has communicated or whom
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates has solicited for the purposes of obtaining such person or entity as a Customer and/or
whom the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates has analyzed concerning the potential of such person or entity to become a Customer,
at any time during the one-year period prior to the date hereof or at any time during the Term.

(n) Subsidiary
means any corporation, trust, general or limited partnership, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, firm, company
or other business enterprise in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the voting stock or any other class of
securities having the power to elect directors or managers, as applicable.

(o) Resignation
For Good Reason means voluntary resignation by Executive of his employment with the Company within thirty (30) days after:
(i) there is a material reduction by the Company in Executives base salary then in effect; (ii) the Company acts in any
way that would materially adversely affect Executives participation in or materially reduce Executives benefits under any
benefit plan of the Company in which Executive is participating, other than any change generally affecting similarly situated employees
of the Company other than any action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly upon receipt of notice thereof
given by Executive; (iii) the Company materially breaches the terms of this Agreement; (iv) a material permanent reduction in
Executives authority, duties or, responsibilities that was not caused by performance, from that consistent with the title and position
set forth in Section 2(a) (other than in connection with a corporate transaction where Executives authority, duties,
or responsibilities exist prior to consummation of the transaction but after such transaction, Executive does not hold such authority,
duties, or responsibilities with respect to the successor entity of the transaction); or (v) Executive is required to relocate his
principal place of employment to a location more than fifty (50) miles from the location of such Executives principal place of
employment as of the Effective Date; provided however, that, in each case, the event or change is without the Executives
consent and the Company shall have been provided detailed written notice of the change or event constituting Good Reason
within thirty (30) days of such change or event and the Company has failed to remedy such event or breach within the 30-day period
after receiving such notice.

(p) Territory
means the United States, China and all territories and political subdivisions therein.

2. Capacities and Duties.

(a) Title.
Executive is hereby employed in the capacity of Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Executive shall report directly to the Chief
Executive Officer (CEO). Executive will at all times abide by the Companys written personnel policies applicable
to similarly situated employees of the Company as in effect from time to time and provided to Executive, and will faithfully, industriously
and to the best of Executives ability, experience and talents perform all of the duties that are reasonably requested by the CEO
and Board of Directors consistent with Executives position and title and that may be required of and from Executive pursuant to
the terms hereof.

- 5 -

(b) Exclusive
Services. During the Term, Executive agrees to devote Executives best efforts and full business time to rendering services
to the Company. Executive is specifically restricted from being employed by any other company, other than a Subsidiary or an Affiliate
of the Company, while under the Companys employ pursuant to this Agreement. During the Term, the Executive shall not engage in
any other business activity that would interfere with his responsibilities or the performance of his duties under this Agreement. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Executive may continue (i) to serve as a member of the board of directors of those entities for which Executive serves
as of the Effective Date: and (ii) continue with current consulting work for the companies set forth on Exhibit A (Existing
Board Positions). In the event that, during his employment by the Company, Executive desires (i) to serve as a member
of the board of directors or (ii) engage in consulting work for entities currently not identified, Executive will, prior to engaging
in such activity, first seek written approval from the CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Service shall not exceed two (2) boards
or three (3) minor consulting projects or some combination thereof, at any given time.

(c) Principal
Place of Employment. Executive acknowledges that Executives principal place of employment is Westminster, Colorado, corporate
headquarters to the Company. Further, Executive acknowledges and agrees that substantial travel will be required in connection with the
performance of Executives duties as Chief Financial Officer, such travel to include frequent and/or extended travel to the Companys
principal offices in Colorado and elsewhere as the business requires. The Company shall bear the cost of such travel and shall reimburse
all reasonable travel and accommodation expenses of Executives business travel, including to the Companys principal offices.
Executive may reside outside of the state of Colorado, but Executive acknowledges that this does not change Executives agreement to Colorado
being the choice of law or the location of any potential arbitrations as specified in Section 14.

3. Compensation
and Benefits. In consideration for Executives services, the Company agrees to pay Executive
compensation as follows:

(a) Salary. Executives annual base salary will be $420,000 to be paid according to the Companys
payroll practices applicable to similarly situated employees. Executives base compensation will be subject to annual review
by the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee who shall review and may increase Executives base compensation for
the following year in the sole discretion of the Company.

(b) Annual
Bonus. Executive shall be entitled to participate in an annual bonus plan each calendar year. The award of this annual bonus (the
Annual Bonus) requires realization of certain profitability or other financial objectives by the Company, business initiatives
and other criteria to be determined by the Board of Directors or its designee and the Executives manager. The Annual Bonus, if
any, will be up to 50% of Executives current base salary in effect from time to time, and it will be earned and paid in accordance
with the Companys policies applicable to similarly situated employees. However, subject to the terms of Section 4, Executive
need not be employed by the Company at the time of any such Annual Bonus payment in order to be eligible for any such payment. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Executive and the Company agree that the payable amount of an Annual Bonus, if any, in any year, may be greater than or
less than an amount referenced in this Section in the event that actual performance either exceeds or does not meet the Annual Bonus
objectives, as the case may be, as determined by the Company.

- 6 -

(c) Reimbursement
of Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Executive for any reasonable business expenses incurred by Executive in the ordinary course of
the Companys business in accordance with the Companys reimbursement policies then in effect. These expenses shall be substantiated
by invoices and receipts, to be submitted by Executive within 30 days after incurrence.

(d) Benefits.
During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all benefits of employment generally available to the Companys other
similarly situated employees when and as such benefits, if any, become available and Executive becomes eligible for them, including any
vacation, sick leave, medical, dental, life and disability insurance benefits, long term incentive plan and/or profit-sharing plan. In
addition, in connection with Executives employment, Executive has received and may in the future be eligible to receive, from time
to time, grants of stock options or other equity-based incentives that will vest over time or based on performance milestones or other
criteria. The continued vesting of all such equity incentives will be subject to Executives continued service to the Company through
each applicable vesting date, and in the event Executives continued service to the Company is terminated for any reason, all further
vesting of such equity incentives will cease as of the date of such termination. The equity incentives will be subject to the terms and
conditions of the Companys Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan), and a stock option
agreement (or other type of agreement for equity incentives that are not stock options) to be entered into between Executive and the Company.
That agreement will include such purchase, forfeiture, vesting and other customary provisions as may be required under such equity incentive
plan or otherwise approved by the Board of Directors.

(e) Vacation.
During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to the reasonable use of unlimited vacation per the Companys Unlimited Vacation Policy.
Such vacation time will be taken in accordance with the Company's vacation policies. Executive will use his reasonable efforts to schedule
vacation periods to minimize disruption of the Companys business. Vacation time will not be accrued.

(f) Withholding.
Executive authorizes the Company to make any and all applicable withholdings of federal and state taxes and other items the Company may
be required to deduct, as such items may exist under this Agreement or otherwise from time to time.

(g) Freedom
to Contract. The Executive represents and warrants that Executive has the right to enter into this Agreement, that Executive is eligible
for employment by the Company and that no other written or verbal agreements exist that would be in conflict with or prevent performance
of any portion of this Agreement. The Executive further agrees to hold the Company harmless from any and all liability arising out of
any contractual obligations entered into by the Executive that would prevent Executive from performing the services Executive is required
to perform under this Agreement.

- 7 -

(h) Code
Section 409A. The Parties intend that the benefits provided in this Agreement qualify for the exceptions from coverage under
Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) (and the regulations or other applicable
guidance issued pursuant to the Code), such as the exception for short-term deferrals under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and
the exception for involuntary separation pay plans under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii). To the extent Code
Section 409A is applicable to this Agreement and the benefits provided hereunder, the Company intends that this Agreement comply
with the deferral, payout and other limitations and restrictions imposed under Code Section 409A. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, (i) with respect to any payments and
benefits under this Agreement to which Code Section 409A applies, all references in this Agreement to the termination date or other
termination of Executives employment are intended to mean Executives separation from service within the meaning
of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i), and (ii) each payment made under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment and
the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Sections 4(c) and
(d), shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. In addition, if Executive is a specified employee
within the meaning of Code Section 409A at the time of Executives separation from service, then to the extent necessary to
avoid subjecting Executive to the imposition of any additional tax under Code Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable
under this Agreement during the six- month period immediately following Executives separation from service shall
not be paid to Executive during such period, but shall instead be accumulated and paid to Executive in a lump sum on the first business
day after the earlier of the date that is six months following Executives separation from service. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for failure to comply with Section 409A
from Executive or any other individual to the Company or any of its Affiliates.

4. Term.

(a) Term.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (1) year commencing on the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the
terms herein (the Initial Term). Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the terms hereof, the Initial Term shall
be automatically extended for additional one-year terms (each, a Renewal Term) upon the expiration of the
Initial Term or any Renewal Term, unless the Company or Executive delivers to the other at least thirty (30) days prior to the
expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term, as the case may be, a written notice specifying that the term of
Executives employment will not be renewed at the end of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term, as the case may
be. The Initial Term or, in the event that Executives employment hereunder is terminated earlier pursuant to the terms hereof
or renewed pursuant to this Section 4(a), such shorter or longer period, as the case may be, is referred to herein as
the Term.

(b) Discharge
For Cause. If Executives employment is terminated by the Company as a Discharge for Cause, the Company has no further
obligation of compensation to the Executive hereunder, except for payment of any base salary compensation, any accrued or vested
benefits, and out of pocket expense reimbursement earned (pursuant to Sections 3(a), (b), (c) and (d)
respectively) and unpaid through the effective date of termination, which, except as otherwise required by law, shall be a date
selected at the discretion of the Company. Executive will no longer be eligible for bonus for period prior to termination.

- 8 -

(c) Discharge
Without Cause. If Executives employment is terminated by the Company as a Discharge Without Cause, the Company shall continue,
subject to Executives compliance with the obligations set forth in Sections 4(h), (i), (j) and (k),
to pay to Executive an amount equal to Executives base salary, as provided in Section 3(a), at the annual rate in effect
at the time of termination, for a period equal to six (6) months from the date of such termination (Without Cause Severance
Pay). Without Cause Severance Pay shall also include, in addition to the foregoing, all amounts of base salary compensation,
any accrued or vested benefits, and expense reimbursement earned to the effective date of termination but not yet paid by the Company.
In addition, if the Executive is terminated in a Discharge Without Cause in the fourth calendar quarter of a year and the Executive and
Company achieves the financial objectives on which Executives Annual Bonus for such year is based, then Executive shall be eligible
to receive a pro-rata share of the Annual Bonus for such (pro-rata based on number of days Executive is employed by the Company in the
year of his termination). Other than the foregoing, Executive shall not be entitled to any compensation hereunder for subsequent periods
upon Executives termination of employment upon a Discharge Without Cause. Without Cause Severance Pay shall be payable to Executive
in accordance with the Companys general payroll practices as the same may exist from time to time. Without Cause Severance Pay
will be paid to Executive in equal installments in accordance with the Companys regular payroll schedule, commencing on the first
normal payroll date of the Company following the Release Effective Date (as defined below) and continuing for the applicable period thereafter,
with any amounts that otherwise would have been payable prior to the Release Effective Date being added to the initial installment. Other
than Executives claims for earned amounts required to be paid, as a condition to receiving Without Cause Severance Pay, Executive
shall execute a release of claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (a Release, and the effective
date of such release shall be referred to herein as the Release Effective Date) within 30 days following the date
of Executives Discharge Without Cause.

(d) Resignation
For Good Reason. Executives employment may be immediately terminated by Executive, subject to the notice and time limitations
set forth in Section 1(o), upon written notice to the Company of a Resignation For Good Reason. Upon termination pursuant
to this Section 4(d), the Company shall continue to pay Executive an amount equal to Executives base salary, as provided in
Section 3(a), at the annual rate in effect at the time of termination, for a period equal to six (6) months from the date of
such termination (Good Reason Severance Pay). Good Reason Severance Pay shall also include, in addition to the foregoing,
all amounts of base salary compensation, any accrued or vested benefits, and expense reimbursement earned to the effective date of termination
but not yet paid by the Company. In addition, if the Executive resigns for Good Reason in the fourth calendar quarter of a year and the
Company achieves the financial objectives on which Executives Annual Bonus for such year is based, then Executive shall be eligible
to receive a pro-rata share of the Annual Bonus for such (pro-rata based on number of days Executive is employed by the Company in the
year of his termination). Such eligibility is not available if the Resignation for Good Reason is in lieu of a Termination for Cause as
determined by the Board of Directors. Other than the foregoing, Executive shall not be entitled to any payment upon Executives
termination of employment upon a Resignation For Good Reason. Good Reason Severance Pay shall be payable in accordance with the Companys
general payroll practices as the same may exist from time to time. Good Reason Severance Pay will be paid to Executive in equal installments
in accordance with the Companys regular payroll schedule, commencing on the first normal payroll date of the Company following
the Release Effective Date and continuing for the applicable period thereafter, with any amounts that otherwise would have been payable
prior to such effective date being added to the initial installment. Other than Executives claims for earned amounts required to
be paid, as a condition to receiving Good Reason Severance Pay, Executive shall execute a Release within 30 days following the date of
Executives Resignation For Good Reason.

(e) Termination
Upon Death. This Agreement shall be immediately terminated without action or notice by either party upon the death of Executive and
without further obligation by the Company, except for payment of all amounts of base salary compensation and expense reimbursement accrued
to the effective date of termination, and except as otherwise required by law.

- 9 -

(f) Termination
Upon Permanent Disability. Executives employment under this Agreement may be immediately terminated by the Company upon written
notice of a termination for the permanent disability of Executive. Upon termination pursuant to this Section 3(f), the Company
shall have no further obligation to Executive, except payment of all amounts of base salary compensation and expense reimbursement accrued
to the effective date of termination, except as otherwise required by law.

(g) Termination
by Executive other than a Resignation for Good Reason. Executive shall have the right to terminate his employment with the Company
for any reason or for no reason; provided, that if such termination does not constitute a Resignation for Good Reason, Executive
shall provide thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Company of such termination. Upon termination pursuant to this Section 3(g),
the Company shall have no further obligation to Executive, except payment of all amounts of base salary compensation and expense reimbursement
accrued to the effective date of termination, except as otherwise required by law.

(h) Non-Disclosure
and Non-Use of Confidential Information. At all times both during employment of Executive with the Company, and after Executives
employment relationship with the Company has ended for any reason, Executive agrees that Executive will not, either directly or indirectly,
nor will Executive permit any Covered Entity which is Controlled by Executive to, either directly or indirectly, (i) divulge, use,
disclose (in any way or in any manner, including by posting on the Internet), reproduce, distribute, or reverse engineer or otherwise
provide Confidential Information to any person, firm, corporation, reporter, author, producer or similar person or entity; (ii) take
any action that would make available Confidential Information to the general public in any form; (iii) take any action that uses
Confidential Information to solicit any Customer or Prospective Customer; or (iv) take any action that uses Confidential Information
for solicitation or marketing for any service or product or on Executives behalf or on behalf of any entity other than the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates with which Executive may become associated, except (A) as required in connection with the
performance of such Executives duties to the Company, (B) as required to be included in any report, statement or testimony
requested by any municipal, state or national regulatory body having jurisdiction over Executive or any Covered Entity which is Controlled
by Executive, (C) as required in response to any summons or subpoena or in connection with any litigation, (D) to the extent
necessary in order to comply with any law, order, regulation, ruling or governmental request applicable to Executive or any Covered Entity
which is Controlled by Executive, (E) as required in connection with an audit by any taxing authority, or (F) as permitted by
the express written consent of the Board of Directors. In the event that Executive or any such Covered Entity that is Controlled by Executive
is required to disclose Confidential Information pursuant to the foregoing exceptions, Executive shall promptly notify the Company of
such pending disclosure and assist the Company (at the Companys expense) in seeking a protective order or in objecting to such
request, summons or subpoena with regard to the Confidential Information. If the Company does not obtain such relief prior to the time
that Executive (or such Covered Entity) is legally compelled to disclose such Confidential Information, Executive (or such Covered Entity)
may disclose that portion of the Confidential Information that counsel to Executive advises that Executive is legally compelled to disclose
or else stand liable for contempt or suffer censure or penalty. In such cases, Executive shall promptly provide the Company with a copy
of the Confidential Information so disclosed. This provision applies without limitation to unauthorized use of Confidential Information
in any medium, including film, videotape, audiotape and writings of any kind (including books, articles, e-mails, texts, blogs and websites).

- 10 -

(i) Other
Agreements. In addition to this Agreement, upon commencement of employment with the Company, Executive agrees to enter into and abide
by the Companys other standard agreements and Company policies that all employees are required to enter into and follow upon commencement
of employment, including the Companys standard form of At Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment
and Arbitration Agreement (the At Will Employment Agreement). This Agreement and the At Will Employment Agreement
are intended to be read together, as far as practicable, as one agreement; however, in the event of a conflict between this Agreement
and the At Will Employment Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control and will be deemed to supersede the associated conflicting
term in the At Will Employment Agreement. Any termination of this Agreement shall not, in itself, terminate the At Will Employment Agreement.

(j) Return
of Company Property. If Executive ceases to work for the Company for any reason, Executive shall (i) return to the Company all
Company property and Confidential Information (and will not keep such Confidential Information in his possession, or recreate or deliver
it to anyone else) in any form or media and all copies thereof, (ii) return all Company owned Property including all Confidential
Information from any personal devices Executive owns or uses outside the Company and delete all Confidential Information after returning
such Confidential Information to the Company from any personal devices Executive owns or uses outside the Company, and (iii) participate
in an exit interview for the purpose of ensuring that the Confidential Information and business relationships will not be put at risk
in any new position Executive may assume. If Executive uses a personal device against the advice of the Company to conduct business, that
device shall be subject to an inspection by the Company, at a location it designates, to ensure all Confidential Information has been
properly removed.

(k) Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation.

(i) In
recognition of the consideration set forth herein, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Executive hereby covenants and agrees
that, subject to extension as set forth below, while employed during the Term and for one (1) year after Executives termination
of employment for any reason (the Non-Compete Term), Executive shall not, either directly or indirectly, individually
or by or through any Covered Entity, whether for consideration or otherwise: (1) engage in (except on behalf of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates), or compete with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates in, a Competing Business anywhere
in the Territory; or (2) form or assist others in forming, be employed by, perform services for, become an officer, director, member
or partner of, or participant in, or consultant or independent contractor to, invest in or own any interest in (whether through equity
or debt securities), assist (financially or otherwise) or lend Executives name, counsel or assistance to any entity engaged in
a Competing Business anywhere in the Territory. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executives continuance of service in the Existing
Board Positions shall not be a violation of this Section 4(k).

(ii) Also
in recognition of the consideration set forth herein, Executive hereby covenants and agrees that, during the Non-Compete Term, Executive
shall not, either directly or indirectly, individually or by or through any Covered Entity, whether for consideration or otherwise: (A) solicit
or accept business from any Customer or Prospective Customer, in each case, for the purpose of providing goods or services in a Competing
Business, (B) solicit or induce any Customer to terminate, reduce or alter, in a manner adverse to the Company, any existing business
arrangement or agreement with the Company, or (C) solicit, hire, attempt to solicit or attempt to hire any person who is or was an
employee, third party consultant or independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates at any time during
the 24 months prior to such solicitation or hiring. The restrictions set forth in this Section 4(k)(ii) shall not prohibit
any form of general advertising or solicitation that is not directed at a specific person or entity and does not relate to a Competing
Business.

- 11 -

(iii) Executive
agrees that the payment of any severance, including Without Cause Severance Pay or Good Reason Severance Pay, is conditioned on Executives
compliance with Sections 4(h), 4(i), 4(j), 4(k) and 4(l) and that, if Executive breaches any of
those sections, Executive (A) forfeits his rights to receive any Without Cause Severance Pay or Good Reason Severance Pay and (B) will
repay, or cause to be repaid, to the Company the full amount of any severance, including Without Cause Severance Pay or Good Reason Severance
Pay paid by the Company to him prior to the date of such breach.

(l) Non-Disparagement.
The Executive agrees that, during the Term and thereafter, the Executive will make no disparaging or detrimental comments about the Company
or its Affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, managers, employees or agents, nor will the Executive authorize, encourage
or participate with anyone on the Executives behalf to make such statements.

(m) Change
in Control Severance. If a Change in Control shall occur and within one (1) year after the date of the occurrence of such Change
in Control Executives employment is terminated by the Company as a Discharge Without Cause or Executive shall terminate Executives
employment pursuant to a Resignation for Good Reason (in either case, a Change in Control Severance), then subject to Executives
execution of the Release and in lieu of the benefits otherwise set forth in this Section 4: (i) The Company shall pay Executive
within thirty (30) days of the Date of Termination (but not earlier than the date on which the Release becomes irrevocable) a lump sum
payment equal to (A) one year of Executives annual Base Salary; (B) the Annual Bonus Executive would receive for the
year of termination assuming target individual and Company performance; and (C) the one year cost of continued medical, dental and
vision benefits (but no other benefits) at the same level as if Executive remained actively employed during the Change in Control severance
period, and (ii) all outstanding stock options and other equity incentives issued by the Company to Executive which are subject
to vesting over time based on length of service with the Company shall automatically become fully vested when the Release is effective
and becomes irrevocable.

(n) Enforcement;
Survival. Executive acknowledges that no specification in this Agreement of a specific legal or equitable remedy may be construed
as a waiver of or prohibition against pursuing other legal or equitable remedies in the event of a breach of this Agreement by Executive.
In the event of a breach or violation by Executive of any of the provisions of Section 4, the running of the Non-Compete Term
shall be tolled with respect to Executive during the continuance of any actual breach or violation. Executives sole and exclusive
remedy in the event of a breach of this Agreement by the Company shall be, as applicable, payment of Without Cause Severance Pay or Good
Reason Severance Pay or the compensation and benefits provided in the event of a termination following a Change in Control. The provisions
of Sections 4(h) through 4(n) of this Agreement, and any other provisions which, by their nature, ought to survive, shall survive
any termination of this Agreement.

5. Successors
and Assigns. The terms and provisions set forth in this Agreement inure to the benefit of and are enforceable by the Company and its
successors, assigns and successors- in-interest, including without limitation, any corporation or other entity with which the Company
may be merged or by which it may be acquired, or which may be the acquiring entity in a sale of substantially all of its assets or similar
form of reorganization. This Agreement may not be assigned by Executive, and any such assignment shall be null and void.

- 12 -

6. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (including agreements referenced in this Agreement, such as the At Will Employment Agreement, and any attachments
and exhibits hereto) contains the Parties sole and entire agreement regarding the employment of Executive by the Company and supersedes
all prior understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, including, but not limited to, any offer letters or other agreements
regarding Executives compensation or terms of employment entered into prior to the Effective Date. The parties acknowledge and
agree that no party hereto has made any representations (a) concerning the subject matter hereof or (b) inducing the other party
to execute and deliver this Agreement, except those representations specifically referenced herein. The parties have relied on their own
judgment in entering into this Agreement.

7. Amendment;
Waiver. No modification or amendment of or supplement to this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company
and Executive. Any term or provision of this Agreement may be waived in writing at any time by the party entitled to the benefits thereof.
No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, power or privilege shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single
or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver of any breach
of any covenant or agreement hereunder shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach of the same or any other covenant
or agreement.

8. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed, construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with its express terms, and otherwise in
accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Colorado without reference to the principles of conflicts of law of the State of
Colorado or any other jurisdiction, and where applicable, the laws of the United States.

9. Severability.
If any provision or term of Section 4(h) or 4(k), or any word, phrase, clause, sentence or other portion thereof (including,
without limitation, the geographic and temporal restrictions and provisions contained in 4(h) or 4(k) is held to be unenforceable
or invalid for any reason, such provision or portion thereof will be modified or deleted in such a manner as to be effective for the maximum
period of time for which it/they may be enforceable and over the maximum geographical area as to which it/they may be enforceable and
to the maximum extent in all other respects as to which it/they may be enforceable. Such modified restriction(s) shall be enforced
by the court or adjudicator. In the event that modification is not possible, because each of Executives obligations in Section 4(h) and
Section 4(k) are separate and independent covenants, any unenforceable obligation shall be severed, and all remaining obligations
shall be enforced. If any term or provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any circumstance shall, in any jurisdiction
and to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, such term or provision shall be ineffective as to such jurisdiction to the extent of such
invalidity or unenforceability without invalidating or rendering unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction, the remaining
terms and provisions of this Agreement or the application of such terms and provisions to circumstances other than those as to which it
is held invalid or enforceable.

- 13 -

10. Construction.

(a) Section Headings.
The section and subsection headings of this Agreement are included for purposes of convenience only, and shall not affect the construction
or interpretation of any of its provisions.

(b) Gender
and Number. Whenever required by the context, the singular shall include the plural, the plural shall include the singular, and the
masculine gender shall include the neuter and feminine genders and vice versa.

(c) Joint
Preparation. The Parties to this Agreement have negotiated it at length, and have had the opportunity to consult with and be represented
by their own competent counsel. This Agreement is therefore deemed to have been jointly prepared by the parties, and any uncertainty or
ambiguity existing in it shall not be interpreted against any party, but rather shall be interpreted according to the rules generally
governing the interpretation of contracts.

11. Notices.
All notices and other communications under or in connection with this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (a) if
delivered personally, upon delivery, (b) if delivered by recognized overnight courier or registered or certified mail (return receipt
requested), upon the earlier of actual delivery or refusal of delivery by the addressee or his, his agent or representative, or (c) if
given by facsimile or email, upon non-automated confirmation of transmission. In each case to the Parties at the following addresses:

(a) To the Company: Human Resources and General Counsel

6272 W. 91st Avenue

Westminster, CO 80031

[***]

(b) To Executive: To the address listed on the signature page hereto.

(c) or
at any other address as any Party shall have specified by notice in writing to the other Party.

12. Third-Party
Rights. Except to the extent specifically contemplated by this Agreement, this Agreement shall not create benefits on behalf of any
other person or entity not a party to this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be effective only as between the Parties hereto, their
successors and permitted assigns.

13. Arbitration.
Any controversy, claim or dispute involving the Parties hereto (or their Affiliates) arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or
the subject matter thereof, shall be solely and exclusively settled by a binding arbitration held in Denver, Colorado to be administered
by the American Arbitration Association (AAA). Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then-existing
Employment Arbitration Rules of the AAA, with the following exceptions if in conflict: (a) the arbitrator shall be selected
by the mutual agreement of the Parties; if the Parties cannot agree on an arbitrator, the Parties shall alternately strike names from
a list provided by the AAA until only one name remains; (b) the Company shall pay fees and administrative costs charged by the arbitrator
and American Arbitration Association; and (c) arbitration may proceed in the absence of any Party if written notice (pursuant to
AAA rules and regulations) of the proceedings has been given to such Party. Each Party shall bear its own attorney fees and expenses.
The arbitrator shall have the power to award any remedies available under applicable law. In addition, the arbitrator shall award attorneys
fees and costs to the prevailing party, in an amount no greater than allowable by law. The Parties hereto agree that the arbitrator will
allow only such discovery as is required by law. The Parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such arbitration proceedings.
Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive. This dispute resolution process and any arbitration
hereunder shall be confidential and neither any Party nor the neutral arbitrator shall disclose the existence, contents or results of
such process without the prior written consent of all Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, claims of workers compensation and
unemployment compensation benefits shall not be subject to arbitration under this Agreement.

- 14 -

14. Consent
to Jurisdiction and Venue. An action or proceeding by either of the Parties to compel arbitration under this Agreement may be brought
in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado or, if such court does not have jurisdiction over such matter, the appropriate
Colorado State or County court that has jurisdiction. Application may also be made to such court for confirmation of any decision or award
of the arbitrator, for an order of enforcement and for any other remedies which may be necessary to effectuate such decision or award.
The Parties hereto hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the arbitrator and of such court and waive any objection to the jurisdiction
of such arbitrator and court. The Parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of these courts and waive the defense
of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any action or proceeding in such venue. The Parties irrevocably agree that that all actions
or proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement which are not subject to arbitration as set forth in this Section shall
be litigated in such court and consent to personal jurisdiction within and venue of such court. Executive consents not to initiate or
pursue any action related to her employment or this Agreement in any jurisdiction or venue other than as set forth in this Agreement.

15. Injunctive
Relief. Executive understands and acknowledges that the covenants set forth in Sections 4(h), (j) and (k) impose
a reasonable restraint on Executive in light of the business and activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. Executive
acknowledges that Executives expertise is of a special and unique character which gives this expertise a particular value, and
that a breach of Sections 4(h), (j) and (k) by Executive will cause serious and potentially irreparable
harm to the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. Executive therefore acknowledges that a breach of Sections 4(h), (j) and
(k) by Executive cannot be adequately compensated in an action for damages at law, and equitable relief would be necessary
to protect the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates from a violation of this Agreement and from the harm which this Agreement is
intended to prevent. By reason thereof, Executive acknowledges that notwithstanding Section 14 of hereof, the Company is entitled
to seek injunctive relief in court for any violation of Sections 4(h), (j) or (k) and the Company and its
Subsidiaries and Affiliates are entitled, in addition to any other remedies they may have under this Agreement or otherwise, to preliminary
and permanent injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent or curtail any breach of this Agreement.

16. Cooperation
and Further Actions. The Parties agree to perform any and all acts and to execute and deliver any and all documents necessary or convenient
to carry out the terms of this Agreement.

17. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including electronically transmitted counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original, and all such counterparts together shall be considered one and the same instrument.

18. Executive
Acknowledgment. Executive acknowledges that Executive has read and understands this Agreement, is fully aware of its legal effect,
has not acted in reliance upon any representations or promises made by the Company other than those contained in this Agreement. The Parties
have entered into this Agreement based on their own judgment after being advised to, and having the opportunity to, consult with legal
counsel.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

- 15 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed, or caused their duly authorized representatives to execute, this Executive Employment Agreement as of
the Effective Date.

TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc.

By: /s/ Mary Szela

Name: Mary Szela 

Title: President and CEO 

Date: January 6, 2025 

EXECUTIVE

By: /s/ James Young

Name: James Young 

Title: CFO 

Date: January 6, 2025 

- 16 -

EXHIBIT A

EXISTING BOARD POSITIONS

[***]

EXHIBIT B

AGREEMENT AND RELEASE

[***]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm252133d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS EXHIBIT,
MARKED BY [***], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE THE REGISTRANT HAS DETERMINED THAT IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE
TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL.

Confidential

Execution Version 

AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this
Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 6, 2025 (the Effective Date),
between TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Sean Murphy (Executive).

This Agreement amends and restates
the prior Executive Employment Agreement entered into between the Company and Executive, dated July 9, 2022 and March 2, 2023
(the Prior Agreement). Executive expressly consents to the terms of this Agreement and confirms that there are no circumstances
as of the date of this Agreement that constitute, and nothing contemplated in this Agreement shall be deemed for any purpose to be or
to create, an involuntary termination without Cause or a Good Reason resignation right under this Agreement or the Prior Agreement. Executive
waives any claim or right Executive may have (if any) to assert that this Agreement forms the basis for a without Cause termination or
Good Reason resignation under any severance or change in control plan, agreement or policy maintained by the Company, including for purposes
of Sections 4(c) or 4(d) of the Prior Agreement.

RECITALS

A. Executive
and the Company are entering into this Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of Executives employment with the Company.
The Company hereby employs Executive, and Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company, upon the terms and conditions contained
in this Agreement.

B. As
an executive employee of the Company, Executive will have access to and Executive will become familiar with, acquire knowledge of and
develop or maintain the Confidential Information (as defined below), whether currently existing or to be developed in the future, which
Executive recognizes permits the Company to enjoy a competitive advantage, and the disclosure to and/or use of such Confidential Information
by competitors, potential competitors and/or any third-party would cause irreparable harm to the Company. Executive and the Company desire
to enter into this Agreement in order to, among other things, protect the Confidential Information and the Companys business relationships.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the foregoing facts, the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the Company and
Executive agree as follows:

1. Definitions.
As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in this Section 1:

(a) Affiliate
means with respect to any party, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, firm and/or other entity which
directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with such party.

(b) Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

(c) Change
in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i) Change
in Ownership of the Company. A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than
one person acting as a group (Person), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock
held by such Person, constitutes more than 50% of the total voting power of the stock of the Company, except that any change in the
ownership of the stock of the Company as a result of a private financing of the Company that is approved by the Board of Directors
will not be considered a Change in Control; or

(ii) Change
in Effective Control of the Company. If the Company has a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended a change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members
of the Board of Directors is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed
by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this clause
(ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by
the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control; or

(iii) Change
in Ownership of a Substantial Portion of the Companys Assets. A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys
assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the
most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more
than 50% of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions.
For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets
being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets.

(d) Compensation
Committee means a committee of the Board of Directors which has been delegated responsibility for employee compensation matters
or, in the absence thereof, the entire Board of Directors.

(e) Confidential
Information means confidential or proprietary information and/or techniques of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates entrusted to, developed by, or made available to Executive, whether in writing, in computer form, reduced to a tangible
form in any medium, or conveyed orally, that is not generally known by others in the form in which it is or was used by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. Examples of Confidential Information include, without limitation: (i) sales, sales
volume, sales methods, sales proposals, business plans or statements of work; (ii) Customers, Prospective Customers, and
Customer records, including contact, preference and other Customer information; (iii) costs and general price lists and prices
charged to specific Customers; (iv) the names, addresses, contact information and other information concerning any and all
brokers, vendors and suppliers and prospective brokers, vendors and suppliers; (v) terms of contracts; (vi) non-public
information and materials describing or relating to the business or financial affairs of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates, including but not limited to, financial statements, budgets, projections financial and/or investment performance
information, research reports, personnel matters, products, services, operating procedures, organizational responsibilities and
marketing matters, policies or procedures; (vii) information and materials describing existing or new processes, products and
services of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, including marketing materials, analytical data and techniques, and
product, service or marketing concepts under development by or for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, and the
status of such development; (viii) the business or strategic plans of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates;
(ix) the information technology systems, network designs, computer program code, and application practices of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates; (x) acquisition candidates of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or
any business plans, studies or assessments relating thereto; (xi) information relating to Executive Developments; and
(xii) trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, trade names and logos. The terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to be
Confidential Information. Confidential Information does not include information that becomes generally known to and available for
use by the public other than as a result of Executives acts or omissions to act, including any breach of this Agreement.

- 2 -

(f) Control
(including the terms Controlling, Controlled by and under common Control with) means the power
to direct the management and policies of another person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities,
by contract or otherwise.

(g) Covered
Entity means every Affiliate of Executive, and every business, association, trust, corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, proprietorship or other entity in or to which Executive has an investment (whether through debt or equity securities), maintains
any capital contribution or has made any advances, or in which any Affiliate of Executive has an ownership interest or profit sharing
percentage. The agreements of Executive contained herein specifically apply to each entity which is presently a Covered Entity, or which
becomes a Covered Entity subsequent to the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement
prohibits Executive from owning less than 3% of any class of voting securities, publicly held and quoted on a recognized securities exchange
or inter-dealer quotation system, of any issuer, and no such issuer shall be considered a Covered Entity solely by virtue of such ownership
or the incidents thereof.

(h) Customer
means any person or entity for whom the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (i) provides (or contracted to provide)
goods or services as of the date hereof or at any time during the Term or (ii) has provided goods or services at any time during
the one-year period prior to the date hereof.

(i) Discharge
for Cause means termination of Executives employment by the Company for any one or more of the following:

i. Executive's
failure to perform Executive's duties consistent with Executives position under this
Agreement (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental
illness);

- 3 -

ii. the
Companys reasonable determination that Executive failed in to comply with any valid
and legal directive from the Chief Executive Officer or the Board consistent with Executives
position and duties under this Agreement;

iii. Executive's
commission of an act constituting dishonesty, embezzlement, misappropriation, or fraud in
the course of Executives performance of duties and responsibilities under the Agreement;

iv. Executive's
commission, indictment, plea of no contest, plea of nolo contendere, or imposition
of an un-adjudicated probation for any felony or crime involving moral turpitude;

v. Executive's
breach of a material provision of this Agreement, receiving notice from the Company specifically
identifying Employees violation, and if curable in the reasonable discretion of the
Company, the Executive being given ten (10) days notice to cure such breach,
and Executive has failed to remedy such breach within the ten (10) day period;

vi. Executives
violation of any Company policies that are written or otherwise communicated to the Executive,
receiving notice from the Company specifically identifying Executives breach, and
if curable in the reasonable discretion of the Company, the Executive being given ten (10) days
notice to cure such violation, and Executive has failed to remedy such violation within the
ten (10) day period;

vii. Executive's
engagement in conduct that brings or is reasonably likely to bring the Company negative publicity
or into public disgrace, embarrassment, or disrepute;

viii. Executives
unlawful use (including being under the influence) or possession of illegal drugs on the
Companys (or any of its Affiliates) premises or while performing Employees
duties and responsibilities under this Agreement; or

ix. Executives
commencement of employment or engagement with another company or enterprise while he is an
employee of the Company without the prior consent of the Board of Directors.

Unless specifically required, notice is not required
for Discharge for Cause prior to termination by the Company.

- 4 -

(j) Discharge
Without Cause means the Companys termination of Executives employment hereunder during the Term for any reason
other than a Discharge For Cause or due to Executives death or permanent disability.

(k) Executive
Developments means any invention, discovery, design, idea, copyrightable work, trademark or service mark, patent, information,
material or other development which is or was conceived, discovered, created, reduced to practice or otherwise developed by Executive,
either solely or with others: (i) within the scope of Executives employment with the Company, (ii) with the use of materials,
technology, information, facilities, equipment or other resources of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or (iii) relating
to any past, present or contemplated publication, product or activity of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates of which
Executive has knowledge while employed by the Company. Examples of Executive Developments include, without limitation, (A) Customer
proposals and statements of work, (B) contact, preference and other information relating to Customers and Prospective Customers,
(C) research reports and other research results for the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates publications,
consulting activities or client projects, (D) business and marketing plans and research results, (E) cost and pricing information,
(F) financial statements, records and information, (G) computer program code, architectures, specifications and documentation,
(H) system and network designs and configurations, (I) technical memoranda, specifications, designs, manuals and research results,
(J) concepts, processes, machines, technologies, algorithms, ideas and concepts, (K) writings, drawings, graphic works and
audiovisual works, (L) trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos and (M) any portions, combinations, modifications and
derivatives of the foregoing.

(l) Prospective
Customer means any person or entity with whom the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates has communicated or whom
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates has solicited for the purposes of obtaining such person or entity as a Customer
and/or whom the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates has analyzed concerning the potential of such person or entity to become
a Customer, at any time during the one-year period prior to the date hereof or at any time during the Term.

(m) Subsidiary
means any corporation, trust, general or limited partnership, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, firm, company
or other business enterprise in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the voting stock or any other class of
securities having the power to elect directors or managers, as applicable.

(n) Resignation
For Good Reason means voluntary resignation by Executive of his employment with the Company within thirty (30) days after:
(i) there is a material reduction by the Company in Executives base salary then in effect; (ii) the Company acts in
any way that would materially adversely affect Executives participation in or materially reduce Executives benefits under
any benefit plan of the Company in which Executive is participating, other than any change generally affecting similarly situated employees
of the Company other than any action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly upon receipt of notice thereof
given by Executive; (iii) the Company materially breaches the terms of this Agreement; (iv) a material permanent reduction
in Executives authority, duties or, responsibilities that was not caused by performance, from that consistent with the title and
position set forth in Section 2(a) (other than in connection with a corporate transaction where Executives authority,
duties, or responsibilities exist prior to consummation of the transaction but after such transaction, Executive does not hold such authority,
duties, or responsibilities with respect to the successor entity of the transaction); or (v) Executive is required to relocate his
principal place of employment to a location more than fifty (50) miles from the location of such Executives principal place of
employment as of the Effective Date; provided however, that, in each case, the event or change is without the Executives
consent and the Company shall have been provided detailed written notice of the change or event constituting Good Reason
within thirty (30) days of such change or event and the Company has failed to remedy such event or breach within the 30-day period
after receiving such notice.

- 5 -

2. Capacities
and Duties.

(a) Title.
Executive is hereby employed in the capacity of Chief Manufacturing, Strategy, & Business Development Officer. Executive shall
report directly to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). Executive will at all times abide by the Companys written
personnel policies applicable to similarly situated employees of the Company as in effect from time to time and provided to Executive,
and will faithfully, industriously and to the best of Executives ability, experience and talents perform all of the duties that
are reasonably requested by the CEO and Board of Directors consistent with Executives position and title and that may be required
of and from Executive pursuant to the terms hereof. For clarification, Executive will continue to serve as a director of the Company,
and his employment pursuant to this Agreement will not change his Board duties or the separate compensation he receives for his service
on the Board and its committees; Executive shall continue to serve at the pleasure of the Board on any committees of the Board.

(b) Exclusive
Services. During the Term, Executive agrees to devote Executives best efforts and full business time to rendering services
to the Company. Executive is specifically restricted from being employed by any other company, other than a Subsidiary or an Affiliate
of the Company, while under the Companys employ pursuant to this Agreement. During the Term, the Executive shall not engage in
any other business activity that would interfere with his responsibilities or the performance of his duties under this Agreement. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Executive may continue to serve as a member of the board of directors of those entities for which he serves as of the
Effective Date which positions are set forth on Exhibit A (Existing Board Positions). In the event that,
during his employment by the Company, Executive desires to serve as a member of the board of directors of entities currently not identified,
Executive will, prior to engaging in such activity, first seek written approval from the CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors.

(c) Principal
Place of Employment. Executive acknowledges that principal place of employment is Westminster, Colorado, corporate headquarters to
TriSalus Life Sciences. Further, Executive acknowledges and agrees that substantial travel will be required in connection with the performance
of Executives duties as Chief Manufacturing, Strategy, & Business Development Officer, such travel to include frequent
and/or extended travel to the Companys principal offices in Colorado and elsewhere as the business requires. The Company shall
bear the cost of such travel and shall reimburse all reasonable travel and accommodation expenses of Executives business travel,
including to the Companys principal offices. Executive may reside outside of the state of Colorado, but Executive acknowledges
that this does not change Executives agreement to Colorado being the choice of law or the location of any potential arbitrations as specified
in Section 13.

- 6 -

3. Compensation and Benefits. In consideration for
Executives services, the Company agrees to pay Executive compensation as follows:

(a) Salary. Executives annual base salary will be $450,000 to be paid according to the Companys
payroll practices applicable to similarly situated employees. Executives base compensation will be subject to annual review
by the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee who shall review and may increase Executives base compensation for
the following year in the sole discretion of the Company.

(b) Annual
Bonus. Executive shall be entitled to participate in an annual bonus plan each calendar year. The award of this annual bonus (the
Annual Bonus) requires realization of certain profitability or other financial objectives by the Company, business initiatives
and other criteria to be determined by the Board of Directors or its designee and the Executives manager. The Annual Bonus, if
any, will be up to 50% of base salary, and it will be earned and paid in accordance with the Companys policies applicable to similarly
situated employees. However, subject to the terms of Section 4, Executive need not be employed by the Company at the time
of any such Annual Bonus payment in order to be eligible for any such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive and the Company
agree that the payable amount of an Annual Bonus, if any, in any year, may be greater than or less than an amount referenced in this
Section in the event that actual performance either exceeds or does not meet the Annual Bonus objectives, as the case may be, as
determined by the Company.

(c) Reimbursement
of Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Executive for any reasonable business expenses incurred by Executive in the ordinary course
of the Companys business in accordance with the Companys reimbursement policies then in effect. These expenses shall be
substantiated by invoices and receipts, to be submitted by Executive within 30 days after incurrence.

(a) Benefits.
During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all benefits of employment generally available to the Companys
other similarly situated employees when and as such benefits, if any, become available and Executive becomes eligible for them, including
any vacation, sick leave, medical, dental, life and disability insurance benefits, long term incentive plan and/or profit-sharing plan.
In addition, in connection with Executives employment, Executive has received and may in the future be eligible to receive, from
time to time, grants of stock options or other equity-based incentives that will vest over time or based on performance milestones or
other criteria. The continued vesting of all such equity incentives will be subject to Executives continued service to the Company
through each applicable vesting date, and in the event Executives continued service to the Company is terminated for any reason,
all further vesting of such equity incentives will cease as of the date of such termination. The equity incentives will be subject to
the terms and conditions of the Companys Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan), and
a stock option agreement (or other type of agreement for equity incentives that are not stock options) to be entered into between Executive
and the Company. That agreement will include such purchase, forfeiture, vesting and other customary provisions as may be required under
such equity incentive plan or otherwise approved by the Board of Directors.

(d) Vacation.
During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to the reasonable use of unlimited vacation per the Companys Unlimited Vacation Policy.
Such vacation time will be taken in accordance with the Company's vacation policies. Executive will use his reasonable efforts to schedule
vacation periods to minimize disruption of the Companys business. Vacation time will not be accrued.

- 7 -

(e) Withholding.
Executive authorizes the Company to make any and all applicable withholdings of federal and state taxes and other items the Company may
be required to deduct, as such items may exist under this Agreement or otherwise from time to time.

(f) Freedom
to Contract. The Executive represents and warrants that he has the right to enter into this Agreement, that he is eligible for employment
by the Company and that no other written or verbal agreements exist that would be in conflict with or prevent performance of any portion
of this Agreement. The Executive further agrees to hold the Company harmless from any and all liability arising out of any contractual
obligations entered into by the Executive that would prevent him from performing the services he is required to perform under this Agreement.

(g) Code
Section 409A. The Parties intend that the benefits provided in this Agreement qualify for the exceptions from coverage under
Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) (and the regulations or other applicable
guidance issued pursuant to the Code), such as the exception for short-term deferrals under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and
the exception for involuntary separation pay plans under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii). To the extent Code
Section 409A is applicable to this Agreement and the benefits provided hereunder, the Company intends that this Agreement comply
with the deferral, payout and other limitations and restrictions imposed under Code Section 409A. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, (i) with respect to any payments and
benefits under this Agreement to which Code Section 409A applies, all references in this Agreement to the termination date or other
termination of Executives employment are intended to mean Executives separation from service within the meaning
of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i), and (ii) each payment made under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment and
the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Sections 4(c) and
(d), shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. In addition, if Executive is a specified employee
within the meaning of Code Section 409A at the time of Executives separation from service, then to the extent necessary to
avoid subjecting Executive to the imposition of any additional tax under Code Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable
under this Agreement during the six- month period immediately following Executives separation from service shall
not be paid to Executive during such period, but shall instead be accumulated and paid to Executive in a lump sum on the first business
day after the earlier of the date that is six months following Executives separation from service. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for failure to comply with Section 409A
from Executive or any other individual to the Company or any of its Affiliates

4. Term.

(a) Term.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the
terms herein (the Initial Term). Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the terms hereof, the Initial Term shall
be automatically extended for additional one-year terms (each, a Renewal Term) upon the expiration of the
Initial Term or any Renewal Term, unless the Company or Executive delivers to the other at least thirty (30) days prior to the
expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term, as the case may be, a written notice specifying that the term of
Executives employment will not be renewed at the end of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term, as the case may
be. The Initial Term or, in the event that Executives employment hereunder is terminated earlier pursuant to the terms hereof
or renewed pursuant to this Section 4(a), such shorter or longer period, as the case may be, is referred to herein as
the Term.

- 8 -

(b) Discharge
For Cause. If Executives employment is terminated by the Company as a Discharge for Cause, the Company has no further obligation
of compensation to the Executive hereunder, except for payment of any base salary compensation, any accrued or vested benefits, and out
of pocket expense reimbursement earned (pursuant to Sections 3(a), (b), (c) and (d) respectively)
and unpaid through the effective date of termination, which, except as otherwise required by law, shall be a date selected at the discretion
of the Company. Executive will no longer be eligible for bonus for period prior to termination.

(c) Discharge
Without Cause. If Executives employment is terminated by the Company as a Discharge Without Cause, the Company shall continue,
subject to Executives compliance with the obligations set forth in Sections 4(h) and (i), to pay to Executive
an amount equal to Executives base salary, as provided in Section 3(a), at the annual rate in effect at the time of
termination, for a period equal to six (6) months from the date of such termination (Without Cause Severance Pay).
Without Cause Severance Pay shall also include, in addition to the foregoing, all amounts of base salary compensation, any accrued or
vested benefits, and expense reimbursement earned to the effective date of termination but not yet paid by the Company. In addition,
if the Executive is terminated in a Discharge Without Cause in the fourth calendar quarter of a year and the Executive and Company achieves
the financial objectives on which Executives Annual Bonus for such year is based, then Executive shall be eligible to receive
a pro-rata share of the Annual Bonus for such (pro-rata based on number of days he is employed by the Company in the year of his termination).
Other than the foregoing, Executive shall not be entitled to any compensation hereunder for subsequent periods upon Executives
termination of employment upon a Discharge Without Cause. Without Cause Severance Pay shall be payable to Executive in accordance with
the Companys general payroll practices as the same may exist from time to time. Without Cause Severance Pay will be paid to Executive
in equal installments in accordance with the Companys regular payroll schedule, commencing on the first normal payroll date of
the Company following the Release Effective Date (as defined below) and continuing for the applicable period thereafter, with any amounts
that otherwise would have been payable prior to the Release Effective Date being added to the initial installment. Other than Executives
claims for earned amounts required to be paid, as a condition to receiving Without Cause Severance Pay, Executive shall execute a release
of claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (a Release, and the effective date of such release
shall be referred to herein as the Release Effective Date) within 30 days following the date of Executives
Discharge Without Cause.

(d) Resignation
For Good Reason. Executives employment may be immediately terminated by Executive, subject to the notice and time limitations
set forth in Section 1(n), upon written notice to the Company of a Resignation For Good Reason. Upon termination pursuant
to this Section 4(d), the Company shall continue to pay Executive an amount equal to Executives base salary, as provided
in Section 3(a), at the annual rate in effect at the time of termination, for a period equal to six (6) months from
the date of such termination (Good Reason Severance Pay). Good Reason Severance Pay shall also include, in addition
to the foregoing, all amounts of base salary compensation, any accrued or vested benefits, and expense reimbursement earned to the effective
date of termination but not yet paid by the Company. In addition, if the Executive resigns for Good Reason in the fourth calendar quarter
of a year and the Company achieves the financial objectives on which Executives Annual Bonus for such year is based, then Executive
shall be eligible to receive a pro-rata share of the Annual Bonus for such (pro-rata based on number of days he is employed by the Company
in the year of his termination). Such eligibility is not available if the Resignation for Good Reason is in lieu of a Termination for
Cause as determined by the Board of Directors. Other than the foregoing, Executive shall not be entitled to any payment upon Executives
termination of employment upon a Resignation For Good Reason. Good Reason Severance Pay shall be payable in accordance with the Companys
general payroll practices as the same may exist from time to time. Good Reason Severance Pay will be paid to Executive in equal installments
in accordance with the Companys regular payroll schedule, commencing on the first normal payroll date of the Company following
the Release Effective Date and continuing for the applicable period thereafter, with any amounts that otherwise would have been payable
prior to such effective date being added to the initial installment. Other than Executives claims for earned amounts required
to be paid, as a condition to receiving Good Reason Severance Pay, Executive shall execute a Release within 30 days following the date
of Executives Resignation For Good Reason.

- 9 -

(e) Termination
Upon Death. This Agreement shall be immediately terminated without action or notice by either party upon the death of Executive and
without further obligation by the Company, except for payment of all amounts of base salary compensation and expense reimbursement accrued
to the effective date of termination, and except as otherwise required by law.

(f) Termination
Upon Permanent Disability. Executives employment under this Agreement may be immediately terminated by the Company upon written
notice of a termination for the Permanent Disability of Executive. Upon termination pursuant to this Section 3(f), the Company
shall have no further obligation to Executive, except payment of all amounts of base salary compensation and expense reimbursement accrued
to the effective date of termination, except as otherwise required by law.

(g) Termination
by Executive other than a Resignation for Good Reason. Executive shall have the right to terminate his employment with the Company
for any reason or for no reason; provided, that if such termination does not constitute a Resignation for Good Reason, Executive
shall provide thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Company of such termination. Upon termination pursuant to this Section 3(g),
the Company shall have no further obligation to Executive, except payment of all amounts of base salary compensation and expense reimbursement
accrued to the effective date of termination, except as otherwise required by law.

(h) Non-Disclosure
and Non-Use of Confidential Information. At all times both during employment of Executive with the Company, and after Executives
employment relationship with the Company has ended for any reason, Executive agrees that Executive will not, either directly or indirectly,
nor will Executive permit any Covered Entity which is Controlled by Executive to, either directly or indirectly, (i) divulge, use,
disclose (in any way or in any manner, including by posting on the Internet), reproduce, distribute, or reverse engineer or otherwise
provide Confidential Information to any person, firm, corporation, reporter, author, producer or similar person or entity; (ii) take
any action that would make available Confidential Information to the general public in any form; (iii) take any action that uses
Confidential Information to solicit any Customer or Prospective Customer; or (iv) take any action that uses Confidential Information
for solicitation or marketing for any service or product or on Executives behalf or on behalf of any entity other than the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates with which Executive may become associated, except (A) as required in connection with the
performance of such Executives duties to the Company, (B) as required to be included in any report, statement or testimony
requested by any municipal, state or national regulatory body having jurisdiction over Executive or any Covered Entity which is Controlled
by Executive, (C) as required in response to any summons or subpoena or in connection with any litigation, (D) to the extent
necessary in order to comply with any law, order, regulation, ruling or governmental request applicable to Executive or any Covered Entity
which is Controlled by Executive, (E) as required in connection with an audit by any taxing authority, or (F) as permitted
by the express written consent of the Board of Directors. In the event that Executive or any such Covered Entity that is Controlled by
Executive is required to disclose Confidential Information pursuant to the foregoing exceptions, Executive shall promptly notify the
Company of such pending disclosure and assist the Company (at the Companys expense) in seeking a protective order or in objecting
to such request, summons or subpoena with regard to the Confidential Information. If the Company does not obtain such relief prior to
the time that Executive (or such Covered Entity) is legally compelled to disclose such Confidential Information, Executive (or such Covered
Entity) may disclose that portion of the Confidential Information that counsel to Executive advises Executive he is legally compelled
to disclose or else stand liable for contempt or suffer censure or penalty. In such cases, Executive shall promptly provide the Company
with a copy of the Confidential Information so disclosed. This provision applies without limitation to unauthorized use of Confidential
Information in any medium, including film, videotape, audiotape and writings of any kind (including books, articles, e-mails, texts,
blogs and websites).

- 10 -

(i) Other
Agreements. In addition to this Agreement, Executive has entered into and shall abide by Company agreements and Company policies
that other executive employees are required to enter into and follow upon commencement of employment, including without limitation that
certain At Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement by and between
Company and Executive dated as of January 18, 2023 (the At Will Employment Agreement), which includes among other
provisions, a covenant not to compete with the Company (at Section 8A thereof) and to not solicit its Customers, Prospective
Customers and employees (at Section 8(B) thereof) for a period of time following the termination of Executives
employment with the Company. This Agreement and the At Will Employment Agreement are intended to be read together, as far as practicable,
as one agreement; however, in the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the At Will Employment Agreement, the terms of the At
Will Employment shall control and will be deemed to supersede the associated conflicting term in this Agreement. Any termination of this
Agreement shall not, in itself, terminate the At Will Employment Agreement. Executive agrees that the payment of any severance, including
Without Cause Severance Pay or Good Reason Severance Pay, is conditioned on Executives compliance with the At-Will Employment
Agreement and that, if Executive breaches any of the provisions therein, Executive (A) forfeits his rights to receive any Without
Cause Severance Pay or Good Reason Severance Pay and (B) will repay, or cause to be repaid, to the Company the full amount of any
severance, including Without Cause Severance Pay or Good Reason Severance Pay paid by the Company to him prior to the date of such breach.

(j) Non-Disparagement.
The Company and Executive mutually agree that, during the Term and thereafter, will make no disparaging or detrimental comments about
the Executive or the Company or its Affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, managers, employees or agents, nor will
the Company and the Executive authorize, encourage or participate with anyone to make such statements.

- 11 -

(k) Change
in Control Severance. If a Change in Control shall occur and within one (1) year after the date of the occurrence of such
Change in Control Executives employment is terminated by the Company as a Discharge Without Cause or Executive shall
terminate Executives employment pursuant to a Resignation for Good Reason (in either case, a Change in Control
Severance), then subject to Executives execution of the Release and in lieu of the benefits otherwise set forth in
this Section 4: (i) The Company shall pay Executive within thirty (30) days of the Date of Termination (but not earlier
than the date on which the Release becomes irrevocable) a lump sum payment equal to (A) one year of Executives annual
Base Salary; (B) the annual cash bonus Executive would receive for the year of termination assuming target individual and
Company performance; and (C) the one year cost of continued medical, dental and vision benefits (but no other benefits) at the
same level as if Executive remained actively employed during the Change in Control severance period, and (ii) all outstanding
stock options and other equity incentives issued by the Company to Executive which are subject to vesting over time based on length
of service with the Company shall automatically become fully vested when the Release is effective and becomes irrevocable.

(l) Enforcement;
Survival. Executive acknowledges that no specification in this Agreement of a specific legal or equitable remedy may be construed
as a waiver of or prohibition against pursuing other legal or equitable remedies in the event of a breach of this Agreement by Executive.
Executives sole and exclusive remedy in the event of a breach of this Agreement by the Company shall be payment of Without Cause
Severance Pay or Good Reason Severance Pay or, if applicable, Change in Control Severance. The provisions of Sections 4(h) through
4(n) of this Agreement, and any other provisions which, by their nature, ought to survive, shall survive any termination of this
Agreement.

5. Successors
and Assigns. The terms and provisions set forth in this Agreement inure to the benefit of and are enforceable by the Company and
its successors, assigns and successors- in-interest, including without limitation, any corporation or other entity with which the Company
may be merged or by which it may be acquired, or which may be the acquiring entity in a sale of substantially all of its assets or similar
form of reorganization. This Agreement may not be assigned by Executive, and any such assignment shall be null and void.

6. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (including agreements referenced in this Agreement, such as the At Will Employment Agreement, and any attachments
and exhibits hereto) contains the Parties sole and entire agreement regarding the employment of Executive by the Company and supersedes
all prior understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, including, but not limited to, any offer letters or other agreements
regarding Executives compensation or terms of employment entered into prior to the Effective Date. The parties acknowledge and
agree that no party hereto has made any representations (a) concerning the subject matter hereof or (b) inducing the other
party to execute and deliver this Agreement, except those representations specifically referenced herein. The parties have relied on
their own judgment in entering into this Agreement.

7. Amendment;
Waiver. No modification or amendment of or supplement to this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company
and Executive. Any term or provision of this Agreement may be waived in writing at any time by the party entitled to the benefits thereof.
No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, power or privilege shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single
or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver of any breach
of any covenant or agreement hereunder shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach of the same or any other covenant
or agreement.

- 12 -

8. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed, construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with its express terms, and otherwise in
accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Colorado without reference to the principles of conflicts of law of the State of
Colorado or any other jurisdiction, and where applicable, the laws of the United States.

9. Severability.
If any provision or term of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid for any reason, such provision or portion thereof will
be modified or deleted in such a manner as to be effective for the maximum period of time for which it/they may be enforceable and over
the maximum geographical area as to which it/they may be enforceable and to the maximum extent in all other respects as to which it/they
may be enforceable. Such modified restriction(s) shall be enforced by the court or adjudicator. In the event that modification is
not possible, because each of Executives obligations in each section of this Agreement are separate and independent covenants,
any unenforceable obligation shall be severed, and all remaining obligations shall be enforced. If any term or provision of this Agreement
or the application thereof to any circumstance shall, in any jurisdiction and to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, such term or
provision shall be ineffective as to such jurisdiction to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without invalidating or rendering
unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction, the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or the application
of such terms and provisions to circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or enforceable.

10. Construction.

(a) Section Headings.
The section and subsection headings of this Agreement are included for purposes of convenience only, and shall not affect the construction
or interpretation of any of its provisions.

(b) Gender
and Number. Whenever required by the context, the singular shall include the plural, the plural shall include the singular, and the
masculine gender shall include the neuter and feminine genders and vice versa.

(c) Joint
Preparation. The Parties to this Agreement have negotiated it at length, and have had the opportunity to consult with and be represented
by their own competent counsel. This Agreement is therefore deemed to have been jointly prepared by the parties, and any uncertainty
or ambiguity existing in it shall not be interpreted against any party, but rather shall be interpreted according to the rules generally
governing the interpretation of contracts.

11. Notices.
All notices and other communications under or in connection with this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given
(a) if delivered personally, upon delivery, (b) if
delivered by recognized overnight courier or registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), upon the earlier of actual
delivery or refusal of delivery by the addressee or him, his agent or representative, or (c) if given by facsimile or email,
upon non-automated confirmation of transmission. In each case to the Parties at the following addresses:

(a) To the Company: Human Resources and General Counsel

6272 W. 91st Avenue

Westminster, CO 80031

[***]

- 13 -

(b) To Executive: To the address listed on the signature page hereto.

(c) or
at any other address as any Party shall have specified by notice in writing to the other Party.

12. Third-Party
Rights. Except to the extent specifically contemplated by this Agreement, this Agreement shall not create benefits on behalf of any
other person or entity not a party to this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be effective only as between the Parties hereto, their
successors and permitted assigns.

13. Arbitration.
Any controversy, claim or dispute involving the Parties hereto (or their Affiliates) arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or
the subject matter thereof, shall be solely and exclusively settled by a binding arbitration held in Denver, Colorado to be administered
by the American Arbitration Association (AAA). Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then-existing
Employment Arbitration Rules of the AAA, with the following exceptions if in conflict: (a) the arbitrator shall be selected
by the mutual agreement of the Parties; if the Parties cannot agree on an arbitrator, the Parties shall alternately strike names from
a list provided by the AAA until only one name remains; (b) the Company shall pay fees and administrative costs charged by the arbitrator
and American Arbitration Association; and (c) arbitration may proceed in the absence of any Party if written notice (pursuant to
AAA rules and regulations) of the proceedings has been given to such Party. Each Party shall bear its own attorney fees and expenses.
The arbitrator shall have the power to award any remedies available under applicable law. In addition, the arbitrator shall award attorneys
fees and costs to the prevailing party, in an amount no greater than allowable by law. The Parties hereto agree that the arbitrator will
allow only such discovery as is required by law. The Parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such arbitration
proceedings. Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive. This dispute resolution process and
any arbitration hereunder shall be confidential and neither any Party nor the neutral arbitrator shall disclose the existence, contents
or results of such process without the prior written consent of all Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, claims of workers
compensation and unemployment compensation benefits shall not be subject to arbitration under this Agreement.

14. Consent
to Jurisdiction and Venue. An action or proceeding by either of the Parties to compel arbitration under this Agreement may be brought
in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado or, if such court does not have jurisdiction over such matter, the appropriate
Colorado State or County court that has jurisdiction. Application may also be made to such court for confirmation of any decision or
award of the arbitrator, for an order of enforcement and for any other remedies which may be necessary to effectuate such decision or
award. The Parties hereto hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the arbitrator and of such court and waive any objection to the jurisdiction
of such arbitrator and court. The Parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of these courts and waive the defense
of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any action or proceeding in such venue. The Parties irrevocably agree that that all actions
or proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement which are not subject to arbitration as set forth in this Section shall
be litigated in such court and consent to personal jurisdiction within and venue of such court. Executive consents not to initiate or
pursue any action related to his employment or this Agreement in any jurisdiction or venue other than as set forth in this Agreement.

- 14 -

15. Injunctive
Relief. Executive understands and acknowledges that the covenants set forth in Sections 4(h) through (j) impose
a reasonable restraint on Executive in light of the business and activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. Executive
acknowledges that Executives expertise is of a special and unique character which gives this expertise a particular value, and
that a breach of Sections 4(h) through (j) by Executive will cause serious and potentially irreparable harm to
the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. Executive therefore acknowledges that a breach of Sections 4(h) through
(j) by Executive cannot be adequately compensated in an action for damages at law, and equitable relief would be necessary
to protect the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates from a violation of this Agreement and from the harm which this Agreement
is intended to prevent. By reason thereof, Executive acknowledges that notwithstanding Section 14 of hereof, the Company is entitled
to seek injunctive relief in court for any violation of Sections 4(h) through (j) and the Company and its Subsidiaries
and Affiliates are entitled, in addition to any other remedies they may have under this Agreement or otherwise, to preliminary and permanent
injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent or curtail any breach of this Agreement.

16. Cooperation
and Further Actions. The Parties agree to perform any and all acts and to execute and deliver any and all documents necessary or
convenient to carry out the terms of this Agreement.

17. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, including electronically transmitted counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original, and all such counterparts together shall be considered one and the same instrument.

18. Executive
Acknowledgment. Executive acknowledges that Executive has read and understands this Agreement, is fully aware of its legal effect,
has not acted in reliance upon any representations or promises made by the Company other than those contained in this Agreement. The
Parties have entered into this Agreement based on their own judgment after being advised to, and having the opportunity to, consult with
legal counsel.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

- 15 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed, or caused their duly authorized representatives to execute, this Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement
as of the Effective Date.

TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc.

By: /s/ Mary Szela

Name: Mary Szela

Title: CEO and President

Date: January 6, 2025

EXECUTIVE

By: /s/ Sean Murphy

Name: Sean Murphy

Title: Chief Manufacturing, Strategy and Business Development Officer

Date: January 6, 2025

- 16 -

EXHIBIT A

EXISTING BOARD POSITIONS

[***]

EXHIBIT B

AGREEMENT AND RELEASE

[***]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm252133d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

TriSalus Announces Leadership Changes

James Young Appointed Chief Financial Officer,
Richard Marshak Appointed Chief Commercial Officer, Jodi Devlin Appointed Chief of Clinical Operations 

DENVER January 8, 2025 - TriSalus Life
Sciences, Inc., (Nasdaq: TLSI), an oncology company dedicated to improving outcomes for patients with solid
tumors by integrating our innovative delivery technology with standard-of-care therapies, and our investigational immunotherapy, today
announced key updates to its executive leadership team.

James (Jim) Young, who previously served as the
Companys Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer, has been appointed as the Companys Chief Financial Officer.
In this role, Mr. Young succeeds Sean Murphy, who will continue to serve the Company as Chief Manufacturing, Strategy and Business Development
Officer and as a member of the Board of Directors. The Company also promoted Dr. Richard B. Marshak to Chief Commercial Officer and Jodi
Devlin to Chief of Clinical Operations. All appointments were effective as of January 6, 2025.

These leadership changes reflect the momentum
weve built and position TriSalus to achieve our ambitious goals in 2025 and beyond, said Mary Szela, President and Chief
Executive Officer of TriSalus. Jim, Sean, Richard, and Jodi have each played pivotal roles in our growth and success to this point.
Additionally, Jim has worked closely with Sean over the past 18 months, engaging in meticulous planning and hands-on collaboration to
prepare for this transition. Together, they ensured a seamless handoff of responsibilities, equipping Jim with deep insight into the Companys
financial operations and strategic objectives. This careful preparation reflects the Companys commitment to strong leadership continuity
and operational excellence. I am excited to work with Richard, Jodi, Sean and Jim in their new capacities as we continue to drive innovation
and patient impact. I also want to extend my sincere gratitude to Sean for his exemplary service as CFO and his continued leadership in
Business Development, Manufacturing and Strategy, as well as his continued guidance as a valued board member.

Jim Young has served as the Senior Vice
President Investor Relations and Treasurer of TriSalus since August 2023. Previously, Mr. Young served as President of J Young
Consulting LLC, where he served as an Interim CFO and also provided finance organization optimization services for small to medium sized
companies, primarily in the life sciences industry. Prior to that, he served in various finance roles of increasing responsibility during
a 33-year career at Abbott Laboratories. Mr. Youngs most recent role was Vice President and Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer.
Mr. Young holds a BBA in Accounting from St. Norberts College and is a Certified Public Accountant, State of Wisconsin.

Dr. Richard Marshak has been the Senior
Vice President, Corporate Development, Strategy, and Marketing at TriSalus since June 2022. He brings extensive experience from leadership
roles, including Chief Executive Officer of Mount Tam Biotechnologies and co-founder of Nephraegis Therapeutics. Dr. Marshak held progressive
Leadership positions at Abbott Laboratories, culminating as Head of Global Strategic Pricing which included Abbotts flagship product
Humira. Dr. Marshak received his B.A. in Psychology and VMD in Veterinary Medicine from the University of Pennsylvania, and his MBA from
the University of Chicago.

Jodi Devlin joined TriSalus in August 2023
as President, Commercial Operations, bringing over 30 years of experience in biotech, medical devices and pharmaceuticals. She has a proven
track record in prelaunch strategies, global product launches, commercial execution and leading integrated commercial/clinical teams.
Previously, Ms. Devlin was CEO of AltaThera Pharmaceuticals, where she executed a successful company turnaround. She also had a distinguished
21-year career at Abbott Laboratories where she held leadership roles in pipeline planning, global launches, and management of numerous
commercial organizations. She currently serves as Chairman of the Board at Fitabeo Therapeutics. She earned a BS in Nursing from University
of Oklahoma and a MBA from Washington University, Olin School of Business.

Sean Murphy has served as CFO of TriSalus
since June 2022 and has been a Board Director since August 2020, where he served as the Chairman of the Audit Committee from August 2020
through June 2022. Prior to joining TriSalus, Mr. Murphy held numerous Senior Executive roles, including Executive Vice President at Malin
PLC, a publicly listed company investing in life sciences companies. Mr. Murphy was one of the founding members of the Evercore HealthCare
practice, an independent investment banking advisory firm, establishing it as one of the premier HealthCare Investment Banks. Sean had
a distinguished 30-year career with Abbott Laboratories with his final role as Vice President of Business Development and Licensing. He
currently serves on multiple boards of directors, including Xenex, and Prenosis. Sean received his BBA in Finance and Accounting from
Western Illinois University and his M.S. in Finance from the University of Illinois. He is a Certified Public Accountant, State of Illinois.

About TriSalus Life Sciences

TriSalus Life Sciences is an oncology company
dedicated to improving outcomes for patients with solid tumors by integrating our innovative delivery technology with standard-of-care
therapies and our investigational immunotherapy. The Companys platform features FDA-cleared devices and a clinical-stage investigational
immunotherapeutic, all designed to enhance treatment efficacy. Its proprietary Pressure-Enabled Drug Delivery (PEDD) technology
optimizes therapeutic delivery to tumors while minimizing off-target exposure. TriSalus FDA-cleared devices include the TriNav
Infusion System, designed for hepatic arterial infusion to treat liver tumors and the Pancreatic Retrograde Venous Infusion System,
specifically developed to address the unique challenges of drug delivery in pancreatic tumors. The PEDD approach overcomes anatomic barriers
by modulating pressure and flow, improving therapeutic delivery directly to the tumor and reducing delivery of toxic therapeutics to healthy
tissuesoffering the potential to significantly enhance patient outcomes and reduce complications. Additionally, the Companys
investigational immunotherapeutic, nelitolimod, is designed to counteract the immunosuppressive environment created by many
tumors, which often renders conventional treatments less effective. Data from Pressure-Enabled Regional Immuno-Oncology (PERIO)
clinical trials suggest that nelitolimod delivered via PEDD technology produces promising immune-modulating effects both within the liver
and systemically. Nelitolimod targets TLR9, a receptor expressed across various cancer types, and its delivery leverages PEDD
technology to address physical barriers that impede treatment in solid tumors.

In partnership with
leading cancer centers across the country and by leveraging deep immuno-oncology expertise and inventive technology development
TriSalus is committed to advancing innovation that improves outcomes for patients. Learn more at trisaluslifesci.com and
follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn.

Forward Looking Statements

Statements
made in this press release regarding matters that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results
may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding the Companys ability to achieve its goals in 2025 and beyond, the expected success of the leadership transition,
and the benefits and potential benefits of the Companys PEDD drug delivery technology, TriNav system and nelitolimod investigational
immunotherapy. Risks that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements include risks
associated with the anticipated benefits of the leadership changes, the prior success of management is not indicative of future success,
clinical development and regulatory approval of drug delivery and pharmaceutical product candidates, including that future clinical results
may not be consistent with patient data generated during the Companys clinical trials, the cost and timing of all development activities
and clinical trials, unexpected safety and efficacy data observed during clinical studies, the risks associated with the credit facility,
including the Companys ability to remain in compliance with all its obligations thereunder to avoid an event of default, the risk
that the Company will continue to raise capital through the issuance and sale of its equity securities to fund its operations, the risk
that the Company will not be able to achieve the applicable revenue requirements to access additional financing under the credit facility,
changes in expected or existing competition or market conditions, changes in the regulatory environment, unexpected litigation or other
disputes, unexpected expensed costs, and other risks described in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
under the heading "Risk Factors." All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on
which they were made and are based on managements assumptions and estimates as of such date. The Company undertakes no obligation
to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made except as required
by law.

Contacts

For
Investor & Media Inquiries:

Jeremy Feffer

LifeSci Advisors

917.749.1494

jfeffer@lifesciadvisors.com

For
Corporate Inquiries:

James Young

Chief Financial Officer

847.337.0655

james.young@trisaluslifesci.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tlsi-20250104.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tlsi-20250104_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tlsi-20250104_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Warrant [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tlsi-20250104_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 04, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39813

Entity Registrant Name TRISALUS
LIFE SCIENCES, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001826667

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-3009869

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 6272
W. 91st Ave.

Entity Address, City or Town Westminster

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80031

City Area Code 888

Local Phone Number 321-5212

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol TLSI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrant [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants,
each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol TLSIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://trisaluslifesci.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tlsi-20250104.xsd 
tlsi-20250104_def.xml 
tlsi-20250104_lab.xml 
tlsi-20250104_pre.xml 
tm252133d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-002023-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm252133d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001826667 

2025-01-04 
2025-01-04 

0001826667 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-01-04 
2025-01-04 

0001826667 

us-gaap:WarrantMember 

2025-01-04 
2025-01-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001826667 
8-K 
2025-01-04 
TRISALUS LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 
DE 
001-39813 
85-3009869 
6272 W. 91st Ave. 
Westminster 
CO 
80031 
888 
321-5212 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
TLSI 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
TLSIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>