<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-018230.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-018230.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227161544
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-018230
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250224
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DarioHealth Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001533998
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				452973162
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37704
		FILM NUMBER:		25679010

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		322 W 57TH ST. #33B
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-4-770-6377

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		322 W 57TH ST. #33B
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LabStyle Innovations Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111101
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm257813d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000153399800015339982025-02-242025-02-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of
Earliest Event Reported): February 24, 2025

DARIOHEALTH CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-37704 45-2973162

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

322 W. 57th St, #33B

New
York, New York10019

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

972- 4-770-6377

(Issuers telephone
number)

(Former name or former
address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which 

registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share DRIO TheNasdaqCapital Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Appointment of Lawrence
Leisure to Board of Directors

On February 25, 2025, on the
recommendation of the Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors, or the Board, of DarioHealth Corp., or the Company, appointed Lawrence
Leisure as a member of the Board, effective immediately.

Mr. Leisure, 74, has extensive
business experience consulting and advising in the senior living, provider services, value based care and technology enabled services
sectors. Since January 2014, Mr. Leisure has served as the Co-Founder and Co-Managing Partner of Chicago Pacific Founders, a private equity
firm focused on senior living, provider services, value based care, and technology enabled services. Since December 2021, Mr. Leisure
has served on the Board of Directors, and the compensation committee, of P3 Health Partners Inc. (NASDAQ: PIII), a publicly traded health
management company. Mr. Leisure has also served on the boards of directors of several private companies backed by Chicago Pacific Founders
as well as several venture capital backed companies. Since 2009, he has served as Co-Founder and Chairman of Healthspottr, a strategic
networking and consulting firm focused on health innovation and collaboration in the healthcare industry and he also served as the Co-Founder
of the Employer Health Innovation Roundtable since 2015. Prior to Chicago Pacific Partners, Mr. Leisure held senior management roles at
Accenture, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Towers Perrin, Kaiser Foundation Health Plans and UnitedHealth Group. Mr. Leisure was also employed
by the venture capital firm, Kleiner Perkins, as an Operating Partner within the Life Sciences & Digital Health Practice.

Mr. Leisure received a M.B.A.
in Finance from the University of California, Los Angeles, and an A.B. in Economics from Stanford University. Mr. Leisure brings to the
Board valuable experience from his career in healthcare serving in senior venture capital, private equity, management consulting and industry
operating roles.

Mr. Leisure is also a Member
of NearWater Growth, LLC, or NearWater, which has provided investment and business consulting services to the Company since 2021 pursuant
to a consulting agreement, as amended, by and between the Company and NearWater effective as of September 3, 2021, or the Consulting Agreement.
As remuneration for such services, the Company agreed to pay NearWater a monthly cash retainer upon the successful completion of an equity
financing resulting in gross proceeds in excess of $25 million and the Company further agreed to issue NearWater shares of the Companys
common stock as equity compensation if certain milestones are met such as NearWater introducing entities to the Company for acquisition
or partnership purposes, provided certain revenue milestones are met. Further, the Consulting Agreement provides for the payment to NearWater
of 150,000 shares of the Companys common stock which shall vest quarterly over a four year period. To date, NearWater has received
approximately 258,000 shares of the Companys common stock and common stock purchase warrants to purchase up to 125,000 shares of
common stock. On February 24, 2025, NearWater and the Company entered into a Second Amendment to the Consulting Agreement pursuant to
which the Company agreed to pay NearWater a monthly retainer of $10,000. Mr. Leisure has in interest in, and will receive, the compensation
due to NearWater.

As remuneration for his service
as a director, Mr. Leisure will receive the same fees as the Companys other non-executive directors. There is no arrangement or
understanding between Mr. Leisure and any other person pursuant to which he was elected as a director, and except as otherwise described
herein, there are no transactions in which Mr. Leisure has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Consulting Agreement, the Amendment to the Consulting Agreement and the Second Amendment to the Consulting Agreement do not purport
to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Consulting Agreement, the Amendment to the Consulting
Agreement and the Second Amendment to the Consulting Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, to this
Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Resignation of Jon Kaplan
from Board of Directors

On February 24, 2025, Jon
Kaplan voluntarily resigned from his position as a member of the Board. Mr. Kaplan did not resign as a result of any disagreement with
the Company on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies or practices.

Item 8.01 Other Events. 

On
February 27, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the appointment of Mr. Leisure to its Board. A copy of the press release
is furnished with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1* Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and NearWater Growth, LLC, dated September 3, 2021.

10.2* Amendment to Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and NearWater Growth, LLC, dated June 5, 2023.

10.3* Second Amendment to Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and NearWater Growth, LLC, dated February 27, 2025.

99.1 Press release dated February 27, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

* Certain confidential portions of this exhibit
have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b) of Regulation S-K.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: February 27, 2025 DARIOHEALTH CORP.

By: /s/ Zvi Ben David

Name: Zvi Ben-David 

Title: Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm257813d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED
FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (i) NOT MATERIAL AND (ii) IS THE TYPE THAT DARIOHEALTH CORP. TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. OMISSIONS
ARE DENOTED IN BRACKETS WITH ASTERISKS THROUGHOUT THIS EXHIBIT.

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

This Consulting
Agreement (this Agreement) is effective as of September 3rd, 2021 (the Effective Date) by and
between DarioHealth Corp. with offices located at 142 W. 57th St., 8th Floor, New York, New York 10019 (the Company),
and NearWater Growth, a LLC with an address at [***] (the Consultant).

WHEREAS,
Company wishes to engage Consultant to perform certain executive Services (as defined in Exhibit A) to pursue and arrange for business
introductions to the Company and to provide access to Consultants relationships who can help grow the Company; and

WHEREAS,
Consultant has expertise in consulting regarding introducing the Company to key bankers and investors as well to other strategic partners.

NOW THEREFORE,
in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration the parties agree as follows:

1. SERVICES

1.1 Services.
Company hereby engages Consultant to perform, and Consultant shall perform the Services as requested by the Company and as defined and
set forth on Exhibit A. Consultant is being engaged to perform, and Consultant shall perform the Services in compliance with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, Companys compliance policies, and all applicable federal, state, and local laws, rules,
and regulations, including without limitation, federal and state securities laws, the federal anti-kickback statute and its implementing
regulations, 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b), general standards of Consultants profession and relevant industry guidelines and codes
of ethics. Consultant will devote sufficient time, intellect, and best efforts to undertake and complete the Services in a timely and
diligent manner in accordance with the descriptions specified herein and Consultants professional expertise and independent judgment.
Consultant shall be responsible for maintaining, at its own expense, a place of work, any necessary equipment and supplies, and appropriate
communications facilities needed to perform the Services. Entering into this Agreement in no way obligates Company to retain Consultant
to perform additional services.

1.2 Reports
and Cooperation. Consultant further agrees to provide Company with all cooperation and assistance reasonably requested in connection
with the Services. Consultant will comply with Companys rules, policies, and security procedures whenever working on Company premises.

1.3 Records.
Consultant shall maintain complete, accurate, and legible records, notes, and accounts obtained or generated in the course of providing
Services under this Agreement, including all computerized records and files, in a secure area. During the Term of this Agreement and for
a period of one (1) year thereafter, and upon reasonable advance notice and during normal business hours, Company or its representatives
shall have the right to review such records to verify and assess Consultants compliance with this Agreement. Consultant shall reasonably
cooperate in any audit conducted hereunder, and shall provide reasonable access to any and all, agents and other representatives of Consultant
and to Consultants books, records, agreements, and other documents necessary to assess Consultants compliance with this
Agreement.

2. PAYMENT

2.1 Compensation.

(a)The Company will compensate Consultant as set forth on Exhibit B. The parties represent that the amounts set forth on Exhibit
B represent the fair market value of the Services to be provided by Consultant to Company, negotiated in an arm's-length transaction.
Company will compensate Consultant only to the extent that (i) the Services are performed in accordance with this Agreement, and (ii)
Consultant provides Company with monthly invoices for services rendered, to be paid by the Company within 15 days of receipt. In addition,
the parties have negotiated that certain travel and other expenses incurred by Consultant directly related to the Services provided may
be submitted for reimbursement, provided that Consultant presents detailed documentation of such expenses, along with the invoice for
a given month period, and the Company pays such expenses within 15 days of receipt.

(b)Nothing contained in this Agreement requires or will be construed in any manner as an obligation or inducement for Consultant to
(i) purchase, use, order, or recommend any services or products developed, manufactured, distributed or otherwise commercialized by Company
or its affiliates, nor as a reward for any such purchase, order, prescription, or recommendation; nor (ii) refer any patient, physician
or health organization to any health care organization to which Company or its affiliates supplies products or services.

3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

3.1 Pre-existing
Intellectual Property. Ownership of inventions, technologies, processes, techniques, algorithms, programs, discoveries, improvements,
drugs, pharmaceuticals, biologics, products, concepts, designs, drawings, prototypes, samples, models, technical information, materials,
drawings, specifications, computer object or source code, and other works of authorship existing as of the Effective Date, and all patents,
patent applications, copyrights, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights therein (collectively, Pre-existing
Intellectual Property), is not affected by this Agreement, and neither party shall have any claims to or rights in any Pre-existing
Intellectual Property of the other party. Without limiting the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement nor the disclosure or provision
to Consultant of any Confidential Information (as defined in Section 4.1 below) shall be deemed to transfer or grant to, Consultant,
any right, title, interest, or license in, to or under any intellectual property or other proprietary right of Company.

3.2 Data
and Inventions. All data, reports, and other work product made, reduced to practice, or developed by Consultant which result from
any work performed by Consultant for Company (collectively, Data), shall belong to Company and be the exclusive property
of Company. Consultant acknowledges that Company holds the copyright to all materials provided to Consultant for use in connection with
performing the Services, except where such material is expressly attributed to third parties. Consultant acknowledges that Data and all
copyrightable materials developed or produced by Consultant during the performance of the Services constitute works made for hire. Further,
all rights to any method, discovery, invention, know-how, or improvement, made, developed, discovered, designed, conceived or reduced
to practice by Consultant, in whole or in part, alone or with others, and whether during normal business hours or otherwise, which result
from, relate to, or are otherwise derived from any Confidential Information (as defined in Section 4.1 below) or any work performed
by Consultant for Company, (each, an Invention), shall be the exclusive property of Company. Consultant will promptly,
fully, and accurate disclose all Data and Inventions to Company in writing.

3.3 In
consideration for the compensation provided herein, Consultant hereby irrevocably transfers and assigns to Company: (a) any and all
of its intellectual and proprietary right, title, and interest throughout the world in and to Data and Inventions (including but not
limited to all copyrights, patent rights, trade secrets and trademarks); and (b) all rights of action and claims for damages and
benefits arising due to past and present infringement of said rights. Consultant will cooperate with and assist Company to apply
for, and to execute any documents reasonably necessary to Company to secure, perfect, effectuate, and preserve Companys
rights throughout the world in the Data and Inventions as Company deems appropriate.

2

3.4
The Company and Consultant acknowledge that it is not contemplated that Consultant will advise on intellectual property
matters.

4.CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

4.1 Definition
of Confidential Information. Confidential Information shall be the confidential and proprietary information
of Company, and shall mean the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and all confidential and proprietary information disclosed or
otherwise made available to Consultant by or on behalf of Company, its affiliates, or representatives, or developed or acquired by
Consultant in providing the Services hereunder, including but not limited to all information relating to Companys research,
development, manufacturing, commercialization or marketing plans or strategies, financing debt arrangements, or related including
any associated pricing, business and product or service plans, clinical or research data, financial projections and plans, business
forecasts, sales and merchandising, engineering or manufacturing plans, Companys Pre-existing Intellectual Property,
intellectual property and proprietary rights, Data, Inventions, communications to and from any governmental or regulatory agency
(Agency) and communications to and from any investors, clients, customers, suppliers and other consultants of
Company or any of its affiliates. Confidential Information will not include, however, any information which is or becomes part of
the public domain through no breach of this Agreement or other wrongful acts of Consultant.

4.2 Obligations. Consultant
and its agents will (a) hold and keep all Confidential Information in strict confidence; (b) not disclose nor permit the disclosure
of Confidential Information, in whole or part, to any third party except as allowed or required by other provisions in this
Agreement; (c) not use nor permit the use of Confidential Information, directly or indirectly for any purpose, commercially or
otherwise, other than to perform the Services; and (d) not allow any unauthorized persons to access or use such Confidential
Information. Consultant will take all actions reasonably necessary and satisfactory to Company to protect the confidentiality of the
Confidential Information including, without limitation, implementing and enforcing operating procedures to minimize the possibility
of unauthorized use, copying or loss of the Confidential Information.

4.3 Compelled Disclosure.
Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required by applicable law or
regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that
the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such law, regulation or order. Consultant agrees to provide
written notice of any such order to an authorized officer of the Company within five (5) days of receiving such order, but in any
event sufficiently in advance of making any disclosure to permit the Company to contest the order or seek confidentiality
protections, as determined in the Company's sole discretion.

5.TERM AND TERMINATION

5.1 Term. This Agreement will
take effect on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period ending on January 31, 2023 (the Initial
Term).

3

5.2 Termination.

(a) Company may terminate this Agreement at any time after the Initial Term upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Consultant.

(b) Consultant may terminate this Agreement at any time during the Term upon thirty (30) days prior
written notice to Company.

5.3 Effect
of Termination. Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, Consultant will promptly return or destroy, at
Companys option, all Confidential Information. Company will continue to compensate Consultant for any introductions made
prior to the termination of the Agreement, so long as the signing of the Deal or the Partnership (each as defined in Exhibit
B), the hiring, or other relevant event triggering the compensation occurs within 12 months following the termination of
this Agreement; provided, that it is possible that the amount of compensation may not be determinable until after such 12-month
period. By way of example, in the event that Consultant introduces an entity prior to termination that results in the signing of a
Deal (as defined in Exhibit B) within the 12 month period following termination of this
Agreement, but that closes after 12 months following the termination of this Agreement, Consultant shall be entitled to 22,500
restricted shares of the Companys common stock plus an additional 7,000 restricted shares of the Companys common stock
in the event that the relevant revenue target is met, notwithstanding termination of this Agreement. The election by either party to
terminate this Agreement in accordance with its terms shall not be deemed an election of remedies, and all other remedies provided
by this Agreement or available at law or in equity shall survive any termination. In addition to any provisions that by their nature
survive expiration or termination of this Agreement, Sections 1.3, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 8-13 shall
survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason.

6.COMPLIANCE

Both parties to this Agreement
agree to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, including relevant securities laws and regulations in performing their
obligations under this Agreement. Both parties to this Agreement expressly acknowledge that the federal anti-kickback statute, 42 U.S.C.
1320a-7b(b), prohibits the payment or receipt of remuneration as an inducement or reward for the referral, purchase, or ordering
of items or services for which payment may be made in whole or in part under a federal health care program. It is the intention of the
parties that this Agreement be performed in accordance with the anti-kickback statute and its implementing regulations. If any portion
of this Agreement is found, by any court or Agency with jurisdiction over the subject matter of the Agreement, not to be in compliance
with the anti-kickback statute, that portion of the Agreement shall be deemed to be retroactively amended and reformed as necessary to
comply with the statute, and the parties shall cooperate in taking any steps necessary to ensure such compliance.

7.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1 Consultant
represents and warrants that Consultant: (a) is, and each of its agents is, skilled and experienced in providing the Services, and
will perform the Services in a professional and workmanlike manner customary in the industry; (b) will, and each of its agents will,
perform the Services in accordance with normally accepted standards and in compliance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and all applicable laws, ordinances and regulations; (c) has not, and none of its agents has, been subject to any
disciplinary actions by any applicable financial accrediting bodies including Nasdaq, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC),
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), and related, or other similar entities, nor been subject to any other restrictions
or sanctions related to allegations of professional misconduct; (d) is free to enter into this Agreement, and is under no obligation
to any third party which would prevent Consultant from carrying out the duties and obligations contemplated hereunder; (e) does not
have any other conflict of interest which might interfere with Consultants independent judgment or objectivity in the
performance of Services hereunder; (f) possesses all relevant licenses and authorizations, and is fully compliant with all laws and
regulations, including all relevant U.S. securities laws and regulations, that may be required in order to perform the Services, and
to receive the Compensation as set forth in Section 2; and (g) the Consultant is, and on each date on which it exercises any
warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

4

7.2 Consultant
shall immediately notify Company in writing if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, (a) any representation or warranty of
Consultant contained in this Agreement shall no longer be true and correct, or (b) Consultant becomes aware of any known, suspected,
or alleged violation of law or breach of agreement by Company, by Consultant, or by any third party relating to the Services or the
Company.

8.INDEMNIFICATION

8.1 Indemnification.
Consultant will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors and employees from
and against all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses, including court costs and reasonable attorney fees, which arise from
or are related to Consultants or its agents: (a) negligent acts or omissions or willful misconduct in performance of the
Services; (b) breach of this Agreement; or (c) failure to comply with any applicable laws, rules, statutes, ordinances, or regulations
in performance of the Services. Company will provide Consultant with prompt notice of any such claim, and will reasonably cooperate with
Consultant and its legal representatives in the investigation of any matter regarding the subject of the indemnification at Consultants
expense. Consultant shall not enter into any non-monetary settlement or admit fault or liability on Companys behalf without Companys
prior written consent. Consultant shall not be required to indemnify the Company in an amount in excess of the aggregate compensation
paid to the Consultant by the Company hereunder.

9.RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES

9.1 Independent
Contractor. Consultant is an independent contractor and is not an agent or employee of, and has no authority to bind, Company by
contract or otherwise. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to render Consultant or any of its agents an employee, partner,
agent of, or joint venture with Company for any purpose. Consultant and its agents will make no representations, warranties or
commitments binding Company without Companys prior written consent. Consultant has the sole discretion to determine the
manner and means by which the Services are accomplished, subject to the requirement that Consultant and its agents shall at all
times comply with applicable law and professional standards. The Company has no right to and shall not direct or control the manner
or means by which Consultant performs the Services.

9.2 Employment
Taxes and Benefits. Consultant will report as self-employment income all compensation received by Consultant pursuant to this
Agreement, and is solely responsible for paying all applicable taxes or contributions imposed on such compensation, including but
not limited to social security taxes, self-employment taxes, unemployment insurance payments and workers compensation
insurance payments. The Company will issue a Form 1099 to Consultant in respect of the payments made under this Agreement.
Consultant and its agents will not be entitled to receive any vacation, sick or other paid time off payments, or to participate in
any plans, arrangements, or distributions by Company pertaining to any fringe benefits, bonus, stock option, profit sharing,
insurance or similar benefits for Companys employees (collectively, Benefits). Consultant will indemnify
Company and hold it harmless from and against all claims, damages, losses and expenses, including reasonable fees and expenses of
attorneys and other professionals, relating to any obligation imposed by law on Company to treat Consultant or its agents as an
employee instead of an independent contractor, including without limitation, any obligation to pay any withholding taxes, social
security, unemployment or disability insurance, or similar items in connection with any Benefits.

5

9.3 Non-Exclusive
Engagement. Company may from time to time (i) engage other persons and entities to act as consultants to Company and perform services
for Company, including services that are similar to the Services, and (ii) enter into agreements similar to this Agreement with other
persons or entities, in all cases without the necessity of obtaining approval from Consultant. Consultant may from time to time (i) accept
any engagement from other persons or entities including for services that are similar to the Services and/or from competitors of the Company,
and (ii) enter into agreements similar to this Agreement with other persons or entities, in all cases without the necessity of obtaining
approval from Company.

10.NO MATERIAL CONFLICTS

Consultant
represents and warrants that (a) Consultants execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and Consultants performance
of Consultants obligations hereunder will not conflict with, result in the breach of any provisions of, or constitute a default
under any agreement or other obligation to which Consultant is a party or may otherwise be bound, and Consultant will not enter into any
such agreement or obligation during the term of this Agreement; (b) Consultant does not have any material financial interest or any other
material conflict of interest which might materially interfere with Consultants independent judgment or objectivity in the performance
of Services hereunder except as disclosed by Consultant to the Company in writing, which shall be updated and confirmed by Consultant
at least annually; (c) Consultant has fully complied with any obligations to disclose and obtain approval of Consultants acting
as a consultant for Company and of the duties required of Consultant under this Agreement.

11.LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY
BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR LIQUIDATED DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR IN RELATION TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE).
THIS LIMITATION SHALL APPLY EVEN IF THE PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OR MADE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. COMPANYS MAXIMUM
AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO CONSULTANT FOR ANY CLAIM RELATED TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICES SHALL BE LIMITED TO
AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE TOTAL AMOUNT OWED BY COMPANY TO CONSULTANT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

12.NOTICES

Any notices
under this Agreement will be in writing and delivered to the parties at the postal addresses set forth below, or to the postal address
subsequently provided by a party in accordance with this Section 12, by (a) first class certified mail, return receipt requested,
with notice deemed given upon the date of receipt as indicated on the return receipt; or (b) a nationally-recognized overnight courier
service, with notice deemed given on the date of receipt as indicated on the couriers receipt:

If to Company:

8 HaTokhen Street

142 W. 57th St., 8th Floor,

New York, New York 10019

Attn: Erez Raphael, Chief Executive Officer

6

If to Consultant:

NearWater Growth LLC

[***]

Attn: [***]

13. MISCELLANEOUS

13.1 Jurisdiction,
Governing Law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted,
construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of New York, exclusive of its choice of law rules. Any legal suit, action or
proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement or the matters contemplated hereunder shall be instituted exclusively in the
federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the city of New York and County
of New York, and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding
and waives any objection based on improper venue or forum non conveniens. Service of process, summons, notice or other document by
mail to such party's address set forth herein shall be effective service of process for any suit, action or other proceeding brought
in any such court.

13.2 Assignment.
Consultant may not assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement, or any rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, whether by
operation of law or otherwise, without Companys prior written consent. Any attempted sale, pledge, assignment, sublicense, or other
transfer without such consent will be void and of no force and effect.

13.3 Successors
and Assigns. All of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective heirs, successors, and assigns.

13.4 Modification
or Amendment. This Agreement may only be modified or amended in a writing signed by Company and Consultant.

13.5 Waiver.
Waiver by one party hereto of breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other shall not operate or be construed as a continuing
waiver.

13.6 Severability
of Provisions. If any section, provision, or part of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such
section, provision, or part shall be fully severable. The remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

13.7 Headings.
Section headings are not to be considered a part of this Agreement and are not intended to be a full and accurate description of the contents
hereof.

13.8 Counterparts.
This Agreement and any amendments hereto may be executed in one or more counterparts. All such counterparts shall constitute one and the
same Agreement and shall become effective when a copy signed by each party has been delivered to the other party. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format
(.pdf format), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a
document, or by a combination of such means, shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

13.9 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement and all Exhibits attached hereto, all of which are hereby incorporated by reference herein, constitute the
entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter herein, and supersede all prior agreements, arrangements and understandings.

[signature page follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this
Agreement as of the Effective Date.

DarioHealth Corp. NearWater Growth LLC

By: /s/ Erez Raphael By: /s/ Jeffrey P Leisure

Name: Erez Raphael Name: Jeffrey P Leisure

Title: CEO Title: Managing Partner

8

EXHIBIT A

General Description of Services 

Consultant to support the Company with introductions
to potential investors, banks and other strategic partners in the United States (the Services).

9

EXHIBIT B

Compensation

In consideration
for the Consultants Services hereunder, the Company will issue the Consultant an option to purchase 25,000 shares of the companys
common stock at an exercise price per share equal to the closing price of the stock on the date prior to the approval of the Companys
board.

In addition,
the Consultant shall be entitled to receive the following performance grants of restricted shares of the Companys common stock
due to any direct introduction of parties by the Consultant as set forth below:

Area Comp Criteria

Talent game changer hiring 5,000-12,000 shares 

[***] shares for each C level hire introduced by the
Consultant to the Company

[***] shares for each SVP level hire introduced
by the Consultant to the Company

Acquisition - Dario Health acquired company 22,500 shares- 29,500 shares 

[***] shares upon the Consultant introducing the Company
to an entity for the purposes of the Company acquiring such entity and the Company acquires such entity by merger, purchase of substantially
all of such entitys assets, or purchase of substantially all of such entitys stock (the Deal)

In the event that the Company's aggregate gross revenue
during the four full calendar quarters immediately following the closing of the Deal is at least [***]% of the Company's aggregate gross
revenue during the four full calendar quarters immediately preceding the closing of the Deal (where, in all cases, gross revenue is determined
in accordance with US GAAP, consistently applied), the Consultant shall receive an additional [***] shares on top of the [***] shares

Alliance Game Changer Alliance 22,500 shares 

22,500 shares under the following criteria:

o The Consultant introduces the
Company to an entity for partnership purposes, and (1) the Company forms a partnership with such entity (Partnership), with
the Company's aggregate gross revenue during the four full calendar quarters immediately following the closing of the Partnership potentially
reaching [***]% of the Company's aggregate gross revenue during the four full calendar quarters immediately preceding the closing of the
Partnership (where, in all cases, gross revenue is determined in accordance with US GAAP, consistently applied), or (2) the Partnership
increases the Companys branding

Special one-time bonus 25,000-30,000 shares 25,000-30,000 shares for a sufficiently important introduction by the Consultant to the Company to be mutually agreed in writing by both the Consultant and the Company.

Exit Dario is being sold 25,000-50,000 shares Upon the Consultant introducing the Company to an entity for the purposes of the Company being acquired by such entity, (1) [***] shares in case the Company is sold to such entity for not less than $500 million and below $800 million, (2) [***] shares in case the Company is sold to such entity for $800 million to $1.8 billion, or (3) [***] shares in case the Company is sold to such entity for $1.8 billion or more

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm257813d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED
FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (i) NOT MATERIAL AND (ii) IS THE TYPE THAT DARIOHEALTH CORP. TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. OMISSIONS
ARE DENOTED IN BRACKETS WITH ASTERISKS THROUGHOUT THIS EXHIBIT.

DarioHealth Corp.

June 5, 2023

NearWater Growth, LLC

Re: Amendment to Consulting
Agreement dated September 3, 2021

Dear Sir:

Reference
is made to that certain Consulting Agreement dated September 3, 2021 (the Consulting Agreement) by and between DarioHealth
Corp. a Delaware corporation (the Company) and NearWater Growth, LLC, with an address at [***] (NW)
pursuant to which the Company agreed to engage NW to provide certain consulting and advisory services on certain terms and conditions.
The purpose of this letter agreement is to amend and modify the Consulting Agreement.

The Company and NW hereby
agree to amend and modify the Consulting Agreement as follows:

The table attached as exhibit
be to the agreement dated September 3, 2021 is replaced in its entirety by the table attached as Exhibit A to this amendment.

This Amendment Letter shall
become effective as of the date hereof. There are no conditions precedent or subsequent to the effectiveness of this Amendment Letter.
Except as modified by the terms of this Amendment Letter, the terms and provisions of the Consulting Agreement shall remain unmodified
and in full force and effect. Other than as stated herein, this Amendment Letter shall not operate as a waiver of any condition or obligation
imposed on the parties under the Consulting Agreement. In the event of any conflict, inconsistency, or incongruity between any provision
of this Amendment Letter and any provision of the Consulting Agreement, the provisions of this Amendment Letter shall govern and control.
This Amendment shall not be changed or modified orally, but only by an instrument in writing signed by the parties.

Please execute this Amendment Letter in the space
provided below in order to evidence your agreement with the terms hereof.

Sincerely, 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. 

By: /s/ Erez Raphael 

Name: Erez Raphael 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

NEAR WATER GROWTH LLC 

By: /s/ Jeffrey Leisure 

Name: Jeffrey Leisure 

Title: Managing Director 

EXHIBIT A

Fees: NW shall earn a monthly retainer fee of $10,000
beginning the first day of the month following the completion of a Qualified Financing (as defined below) and NW will advise the Company
on fundraising strategy.

Qualified Financing shall mean an equity
(whether common or preferred equity) financing round completed by Company where the gross proceeds of the round are no less than twenty-five
(25) million dollars.

Area Comp Criteria

Time based 150,000 Shares The shares will vest quarterly over a 4 year period subject to the consultant providing continuous services to the Company

Acquisition - Dario Health acquired company 45,000 shares 45,000 shares upon the Consultant introducing the Company to an entity for the purposes of the Company acquiring such entity and the Company acquires such entity by merger, purchase of substantially all of such entitys assets, or purchase of substantially all of such entitys stock (the Deal) 

In the event that the Company's aggregate gross revenue during the four full calendar quarters immediately following the closing of the Deal is at least [***]% of the Company's aggregate gross revenue during the four full calendar quarters immediately preceding the closing of the Deal (where, in all cases, gross revenue is determined in accordance with US GAAP, consistently applied), the Consultant shall receive an additional 7,000 shares on top of the 45,000 shares

Alliance Game Changer Alliance 45,000 shares 

45,000 shares under the following criteria:

o
The Consultant introduces the Company to an entity for partnership purposes, and (1) the Company forms a partnership with such entity
(Partnership), with the Company's aggregate gross revenue during the four full calendar quarters immediately following
the closing of the Partnership potentially reaching [***]% of the Company's aggregate gross revenue during the four full calendar quarters
immediately preceding the closing of the Partnership (where, in all cases, gross revenue is determined in accordance with US GAAP, consistently
applied), or (2) the Partnership increases the Companys branding

Special one-time bonus 25,000-30,000 shares 25,000-30,000 shares for a sufficiently important introduction by the Consultant to the Company to be mutually agreed in writing by both the Consultant and the Company.

Exit Dario is being sold 70,000-100,000 shares Upon the Consultant introducing the Company to an entity for the purposes of the Company being acquired by such entity, (1) [***] shares in case the Company is sold to such entity for not less than $500 million and below $800 million, (2) [***] shares in case the Company is sold to such entity for $800 million to $1.8 billion, or (3) [***] shares in case the Company is sold to such entity for $1.8 billion or more

Special Award 100,000 shares In addition to the specific performance stock awards described above, the CEO at his sole discretion may award up to 100,000 to consultant for extraordinary contribution(s) to the organization that reflect consultants impact on Darios commercial positioning and prominence, critical capability & go to market partnerships, management team development, and other activities that enhance the value of the enterprise.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm257813d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED
FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (i) NOT MATERIAL AND (ii) IS THE TYPE THAT DARIOHEALTH CORP. TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. OMISSIONS
ARE DENOTED IN BRACKETS WITH ASTERISKS THROUGHOUT THIS EXHIBIT.

DarioHealth Corp.

February 27, 2025

Near Water Growth LLC

[***]

Re: Second Amendment to Consulting Agreement dated September
3, 2021

Dear Sir:

Reference is made to that
certain Consulting Agreement dated September 3, 2021, as amended on June 5, 2023 (the Consulting Agreement) by and
between DarioHealth Corp. a Delaware corporation (the Company) and Near Water Growth LLC (NW)
pursuant to which the Company agreed to engage NW to provide certain consulting and advisory services on certain terms and conditions.
The purpose of this letter agreement (this Amendment Letter) is to amend and modify the Consulting Agreement.

The Company and NW hereby
agree to amend and modify the Consulting Agreement as follows:

1. Adding a Section 2.1(c) to the Consulting Agreement which shall provide as follows:

In addition
to the compensation payable to the Consultant as provided herein, commencing on September 1, 2024 the Company agrees to pay the Consultant
a monthly retainer of $5,000 (the Retainer). Commencing on January 1, 2025, the Company agrees to increase the Retainer
payable to the Consultant to $10,000 per month during the Term.

This Amendment Letter shall
become effective as of the date hereof. There are no conditions precedent or subsequent to the effectiveness of this Amendment Letter.
Except as modified by the terms of this Amendment Letter, the terms and provisions of the Consulting Agreement shall remain unmodified
and in full force and effect. Other than as stated herein, this Amendment Letter shall not operate as a waiver of any condition or obligation
imposed on the parties under the Consulting Agreement. In the event of any conflict, inconsistency, or incongruity between any provision
of this Amendment Letter and any provision of the Consulting Agreement, the provisions of this Amendment Letter shall govern and control.
This Amendment shall not be changed or modified orally, but only by an instrument in writing signed by the parties.

Please execute this Amendment
Letter in the space provided below in order to evidence your agreement with the terms hereof.

Sincerely, 

DARIOHEALTH CORP. 

By: /s/ Erez Raphael 

Name: Erez Raphael 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

NEAR WATER GROWTH LLC 

By: J.P. Leisure 

Name: J.P. Leisure 

Title: Member
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm257813d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

DarioHealth Appoints Healthcare Industry Leader
Larry Leisure to Board of Directors

Healthcare innovator and former Accenture executive
brings deep industry relationships to advance Dario's AI-driven chronic care platform

NEW YORK, Feb. 27, 2025 -- DarioHealth Corp. (Nasdaq: DRIO) (Dario
or the Company), a leader in AI-driven digital health solutions, today announced the appointment of Lawrence (Larry) B.
Leisure to its Board of Directors, bringing four decades of healthcare leadership, managed care expertise, and digital health innovation
to the companys governance. Mr. Leisures extensive experience working with health plans, health systems, consultants, and
employer coalitions, combined with his deep understanding of health policy, reimbursement, and value-based care models, will be instrumental
in guiding Darios continued expansion within the payer and employer markets.

Mr. Leisure began his professional career in benefits consulting ultimately
serving as National Practice Leader at Towers Perrin (aka Willis Towers Watson) then transitioning to management consulting first as a
Senior Partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers and later as a Managing Partner at Accenture. He went on to serve in senior leadership
roles at Kaiser Foundation Health Plan and UnitedHealth Group's OptumInsight unit. His pivot to health care investing started with his
joining the venture capital firm of Kleiner Perkins as an Operating Partner. In 2014, he co-founded Chicago Pacific Founders, a
health care focused private equity firm.

As an ardent advocate for innovation in healthcare, Mr. Leisure co-founded
the Employer Health Innovation Roundtable, a coalition representing over six million lives. Mr. Leisure is Chairman of the UCSF Rosenman
Institute, member of the UCLA Anderson School of Management Board of Advisors, and a Senior Advisor at the Mussalem Center for BIODESIGN
at Stanford University.

He received his BA in Economics from Stanford University and his MBA
in Finance from the UCLA Anderson School of Management. He resides in Atherton, California with his wife, Bren.

We are honored to welcome Larry to Darios Board of Directors,
said Erez Raphael, CEO of Dario. His deep expertise across the healthcare ecosystemfrom payers and employer groups and healthcare
innovatorswill provide invaluable insight as we continue to scale our solutions and strengthen our value-based partnerships. Larrys
leadership in advancing healthcare technology and his track record of driving meaningful industry change align perfectly with Darios
mission to deliver better health outcomes through AI-driven, personalized care.

About DarioHealth Corp.

DarioHealth Corp. (Nasdaq: DRIO) is a leading digital health company
revolutionizing how people with chronic conditions manage their health through a user-centric, multi-chronic condition digital therapeutics
platform. Darios platform and suite of solutions deliver personalized and dynamic interventions driven by data analytics and one-on-one
coaching for diabetes, hypertension, weight management, musculoskeletal pain and behavioral health.

Darios user-centric platform offers people continuous and customized
care for their health, disrupting the traditional episodic approach to healthcare. This approach empowers people to holistically adapt
their lifestyles for sustainable behavior change, driving exceptional user satisfaction, retention and results and making the right thing
to do the easy thing to do.

Dario provides its highly user-rated solutions globally to health plans
and other payers, self-insured employers, providers of care and consumers. To learn more about Dario and its digital health solutions,
or for more information, visit http://dariohealth.com.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This news release and the statements of representatives and partners
of DarioHealth Corp. related thereto contain or may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. For example,
the Company is using forward-looking statements in this press release when it discusses its belief that adding Mr. Leisure as a member
of the Board will be instrumental in guiding Darios continued expansion within the payer and employer markets and to advance Dario's
AI-driven chronic care platform. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as "plan," "project,"
"potential," "seek," "may," "will," "expect," "believe," "anticipate,"
"intend," "could," "estimate" or "continue" are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
Readers are cautioned that certain important factors may affect the Company's actual results and could cause such results to differ materially
from any forward-looking statements that may be made in this news release. Factors that may affect the Company's results include, but
are not limited to, regulatory approvals, product demand, market acceptance, impact of competitive products and prices, product development,
commercialization or technological difficulties, the success or failure of negotiations and trade, legal, social and economic risks, and
the risks associated with the adequacy of existing cash resources. Additional factors that could cause or contribute to differences between
the Company's actual results and forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those risks discussed in the Company's filings
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned that actual results (including, without limitation, the timing
for and results of the Company's commercial and regulatory plans for Dario as described herein) may differ significantly from those
set forth in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.

DarioHealth Corporate Contact

Mary Mooney 

VP Marketing 

mary@dariohealth.com

+1-312-593-4280

DarioHealth Investor Relations Contact 

Kat Parrella 

Investor Relations Manager 

kat@dariohealth.com

+315-378-6922
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>drio-20250224.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>drio-20250224_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>drio-20250224_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-37704

Entity Registrant Name DARIOHEALTH CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001533998

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-2973162

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 322 W. 57th St

Entity Address, Address Line Two #33B

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10019

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 4-770-6377

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol DRIO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://mydario.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

drio-20250224.xsd 
drio-20250224_lab.xml 
drio-20250224_pre.xml 
tm257813d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-018230-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm257813d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001533998 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001533998 
8-K 
2025-02-24 
DARIOHEALTH CORP. 
DE 
001-37704 
45-2973162 
322 W. 57th St 
#33B 
New York 
NY 
10019 
972 
4-770-6377 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
DRIO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>