<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-007261.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-007261.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129171329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-007261
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250129
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Runway Growth Finance Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001653384
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				475049745
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01180
		FILM NUMBER:		25570305

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		205 N. MICHIGAN AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4200
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(312) 281-6270

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		205 N. MICHIGAN AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4200
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170613

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150917
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254820d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000165338400016533842025-01-292025-01-290001653384rway:CommonStockParValue0.01PerShareMember2025-01-292025-01-290001653384rway:Sec7.50NotesDue2027Member2025-01-292025-01-290001653384rway:Notes8.00Due2027Member2025-01-292025-01-29iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current Report Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):

January 29, 2025

RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Maryland 000-55544 47-5049745

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification

No.)

205 N. Michigan Ave., Suite 4200

Chicago, Illinois60601

(Address of principal executive offices
and zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (312) 281-6270

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which 

registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share RWAY Nasdaq Global Select Market LLC

7.50% Notes due 2027 RWAYL Nasdaq Global Select Market LLC

8.00% Notes due 2027 RWAYZ Nasdaq Global Select Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.05. Amendments to the Registrants
Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics.

On January 23,
2025, the Companys board of directors approved an amended and restated Joint Code of Ethics (as amended, the
Code). The changes include, among others, revisions to (i) enhance the pre-clearance requirement for reportable
securities, (ii) add a three month hold period for such reportable securities, and (iii) prohibit political contributions.

The foregoing description
of the revisions reflected in the Code is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Code, a copy of which is filed
as Exhibit 14.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. A copy of the Code is also publicly available on the Companys website at https://.runwaygrowth.com.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit 

Number Description

14.1 Joint Code of Ethics

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 29, 2025 RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP.

By: /s/ Thomas B. Raterman 

Thomas B. Raterman

Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-14.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254820d1_ex14-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 14.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 14.1

January 2025

CODE OF ETHICS

FOR

RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP.

RUNWAY GROWTH CAPITAL LLC

AND

RUNWAY ADMINISTRATOR SERVICES LLC 

Section I. Statement of General Fiduciary Principles

This Code of Ethics (the Code)
has been adopted by each of Runway Growth Finance Corp. (the Company) and Runway Growth Capital LLC (the Adviser),
in compliance with Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Act), and, in the
case of the Adviser, Rule 204A-1 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act). The
purpose of the Code is to establish standards and procedures for the detection and prevention of activities by which persons having knowledge
of the investments and investment intentions of the Company may abuse their fiduciary duty to the Company, and otherwise to deal with
the types of conflict of interest situations to which Rule 17j-1 under the Act (Rule 17j-1) and Rule 204A-1
under the Advisers Act (Rule 204A-1), as applicable, are addressed. The Adviser is the Companys investment
adviser and Runway Administrator Services LLC is the Companys administrator (the Administrator). Collectively,
the Company, the Adviser and the Administrator are referred to herein as the Runway Entities.

The Code is based on the principle
that the directors and officers of the Company, and the managers, officers and employees of the Adviser and the Administrator, who provide
services to the Company, owe a fiduciary duty to the Company to conduct their personal securities transactions in a manner that does not
interfere with the Companys transactions or otherwise take unfair advantage of their relationship with the Company. All directors,
managers, officers and employees of the Company, the Adviser, and the Administrator (Covered Persons) are
expected to adhere to this general principle as well as to comply with all of the specific provisions of this Code applicable to them.
In addition, all Covered Persons must comply with applicable federal securities laws and must report violations of the Code to the Companys
or the Advisers Chief Compliance Officer (CCO). Any Covered Persons affiliated with another entity
that is a registered investment adviser is, in addition, expected to comply with the provisions of the code of ethics that has been adopted
by such other investment adviser.

Technical compliance with
the Code will not automatically insulate any Covered Person from scrutiny of transactions that show a pattern of compromise or abuse of
the individuals fiduciary duty to the Company. Accordingly, all Covered Persons must seek to avoid any actual or potential conflicts
between their personal interests and the interests of the Company and its stockholders. In sum, all Covered Persons shall place the interests
of the Company and its investors before their own personal interests.

All Covered Persons must read and retain this Code.

Section II. Definitions

(A) Access Person means any director, employee, officer or Advisory Person (as defined below) of the Company, the Adviser, or the Administrator.

(B) An Advisory Person of the Company, the Adviser, or the Administrator means: (i) any director, officer or employee of the Company, the Adviser, or the Administrator, or any company in a Control (as defined below) relationship to the Company, the Adviser, or the Administrator who in connection with his or her regular functions or duties makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of any Covered Security (as defined below) by the Company, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendation with respect to such purchases or sales; and (ii) any natural person in a Control relationship to the Company, the Adviser, or the Administrator who obtains information concerning recommendations made to the Company with regard to the purchase or sale of any Covered Security by the Company.

January 2025

(C) Beneficial Ownership is interpreted in the same manner as it would be under Rule 16a-1(a)(2) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), in determining whether a person is a beneficial owner of a security for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(D) CCO means the Chief Compliance Officer of the Company and / or the Adviser, as the context requires. The CCO provides oversight and general administration of the policies and procedures set forth in the Compliance Manual and this Joint Code of Ethics. The CCO may delegate certain responsibilities, and will work with the CEO and CFO to ensure it is meeting its responsibility to adhere to the Joint Code of Ethics and to foster a culture of compliance. As such, any reference herein to the duties of the CCO shall necessarily include any such designee(s).

(E) Control shall have the same meaning as that set forth in Section 2(a)(9) of the Act, and generally means the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company, unless such power is solely the result of an official position with such company.

(F) Covered Person means any director, officer or employee (including a temporary employee) of the Company, the Adviser, or the Administrator, or of any of their affiliates or subsidiaries, and any other persons designated by the CCO. All Supervised Persons are Covered Persons for purposes of this Code.

(G) Covered Security means a security as defined in Section 2(a)(36) of the Act, including: any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, preorganization certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of deposit for a security, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege on any security (including a certificate of deposit) or on any group or index of securities (including any interest therein or based on the value thereof), or any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a security, or any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for, receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase, any of the foregoing.

(H) Independent Director means a director of the Company who is not an interested person of the Company within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Act.

(I) Initial Public Offering means an offering of securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act), the issuer of which, immediately before the registration, was not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

(J) Investment Persons of the Company, the Adviser, or the Administrator means: (i) any employee of the Company, the Adviser, or the Administrator (or of any company in a Control relationship to the Company, the Adviser, or the Administrator) who, in connection with his or her regular functions or duties, makes or participates in making recommendations regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the Company; and (ii) any natural person who controls the Company, the Adviser, or the Administrator and who obtains information concerning recommendations made to the Company regarding the purchase or sale of securities by the Company.

January 2025

(K) Limited Offering means an offering that is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act pursuant to Section 4(2) or Section 4(6) thereof or pursuant to Rule 504, Rule 505, or Rule 506 thereunder.

(L) Security Held or to be Acquired by the Company means: (i) any Covered Security which, within the most recent 15 days: (A) is or has been held by the Company; or (B) is being or has been considered by the Company or the Adviser for purchase by the Company; and (ii) any option to purchase or sell, and any security convertible into or exchangeable for, a Covered Security described in Section II (L)(i) above.

(M) Restricted List means the list promulgated and periodically updated by the CCO, in consultation with the Advisers Chief Investment Officer (CIO) or his/her designee, which lists the names of all issuers of publicly traded securities as to which the CIO and/or the CCO have determined that Company, the Adviser and/or the Administrator (collectively, the Runway Entities), or any one or more Covered Persons, may be in possession of material non-public information concerning the issuer, or the trading markets for its securities, within the purview of the Insider Trading Policies and Procedures as have been jointly adopted by the Runway Entities.

(N) Supervised Person means any partner, officer, director (or other person occupying a similar status or performing similar functions), or employee of the Adviser, or other person who provides investment advice on behalf of the Adviser and is subject to the supervision and control of the Adviser. For purposes of this Code, all employees and Associated Persons (as defined in Section 202(a)(17) of the Advisers Act) of the Adviser as well as any other person designated by the CCO as a Supervised Person are deemed to be Supervised Persons.

Section III. Objective and General Prohibitions

Covered Persons may not engage in any investment
transaction under circumstances in which the Covered Person benefits from or interferes with the purchase or sale of investments by the
Company. In addition, Covered Persons may not use information concerning the investments or investment intentions of the Company, or their
ability to influence such investment intentions, for personal gain or in a manner detrimental to the interests of the Company. This prohibition
includes, but is not limited to, a prohibition on using information concerning investments, potential investments or investment intentions
of the relevant Company for personal gain through transacting (including, without limitation, via activities on virtual marketplaces such
as Shares Post or similar platforms, or otherwise) in Covered Securities of companies in which the relevant Company has made or is considering
making (or divesting of) an investment.

Covered Persons may not engage
in conduct that is deceitful, fraudulent or manipulative, or that involves false or misleading statements, in connection with the purchase
or sale of investments by the Company. In this regard, Covered Persons should recognize that Rule 17j-1 makes it unlawful for any affiliated
person of the Company, or any affiliated person of an investment adviser for the Company, in connection with the purchase or sale, directly
or indirectly, by the person of a Security Held or to be Acquired by the Company, to:

(i) employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud the Company or its investors;

January 2025

(ii) make any untrue statement of a material fact to the Company or its investors or omit to state to the Company or its investors a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading;

(iii) engage in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the Company or its investors; or

(iv) engage in any manipulative practice with respect to the Company or its investors.

Covered Persons should also
recognize that a violation of this Code or of Rule 17j-1 may result in the imposition of: (1) sanctions as provided by Section VIII below;
or (2) administrative, civil and, in certain cases, criminal fines, sanctions or penalties.

Covered Persons are required to comply with applicable federal securities
laws.

Section IV. Prohibited Transactions

(A) An Access Person may not purchase or otherwise acquire direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership, and without pre-clearance approval may not sell or otherwise dispose of direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership, of any security on the Restricted List, or in any Covered Security concerning which he or she has material non-public information, whether or not that security is on the Restricted List.

(B) An Access Person may not purchase or otherwise acquire or sell or otherwise dispose of any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities without pre-clearance approval by the CCO. (Use the Pre-Clearance Request form attached as Schedule A or any available online personal securities trade reporting and monitoring system that is monitored and overseen by the CCO or his designee(s) (the PST System)).

(C) Investment Persons of the Company, the Adviser, or the Administrator must obtain pre-approval from the Company, the Adviser, or the Administrator, as the case may be, before directly or indirectly acquiring Beneficial Ownership in any Covered Securities in an Initial Public Offering or in a Limited Offering. Such approval must be obtained from the Advisers CCO, unless he is the person seeking such approval, in which case it must be obtained from the Advisers Chief Executive Officer. (Use the Pre-Clearance Request form attached as Schedule A or any available online PST System).1

(D) No Access Person shall recommend any transaction in any Covered Securities by the Company without having disclosed to the Companys CCO his or her interest, if any, in such Covered Securities or the issuer thereof, including: the Access Persons Beneficial Ownership of any Covered Securities of such issuer; any contemplated transaction by the Access Person in such Covered Securities; any position the Access Person (or any person to whom the Access Person is related, by blood or marriage, and is known) has with such issuer; and any present or proposed business relationship between such issuer and the Access Person (or a party in which the Access Person has a significant interest).

(E) Standards of Business Conduct

1 Seeking pre-approval under this
Section IV(C) will be deemed to meet the pre-approval requirements of both Rule 204A-1(c) of the Advisers Act and Rule 17j-1(e) of the
1940 Act.

January 2025

The following standards of business conduct will
govern personal investment activities and the interpretation and administration of this Code of Ethics:

The interests of the Advisers Clients must be placed first at all times;

There is a minimum holding period of three (3) months for all Reportable Securities.

All short sales are prohibited (including covered).

All personal securities transactions must be conducted consistent with this Code of Ethics and in such a manner as to avoid any actual or potential conflict of interest or any abuse of an individuals position of trust and responsibility;

Supervised Persons should not take inappropriate advantage of their positions; and

Supervised Persons must comply with applicable Federal Securities Laws.

This Code of Ethics does not attempt to identify
all possible conflicts of interest, and literal compliance with each of its specific provisions will not shield Access Person from responsibility
for personal trading or other conduct that violates a fiduciary duty to the Advisers Clients.

(F) Trading Rules for Personal/Related Accounts

The following rules govern Securities trading
by all Access Persons. In the event there is any uncertainty of the propriety of any trade being contemplated, consult with the CCO:

A. Insider Trading Strictly Prohibited. No Access Person may engage in any trade or order activity or investment if such activity is the result of exposure to material non-public information, i.e., inside information.

B. Preclearance. Access Persons must obtain prior approval of the CCO by submitting a clearance request for all transactions involving a Covered Security via the Firms PST system, including purchases and sales, in which they have a Beneficial Ownership interest, except:

Purchases or sales effected in any Discretionary Account;

Purchases that are part of an existing Automatic Investment Plan; and

Purchases effected upon the exercise of rights issued by an issuer pro rata to all holders of a class of its Securities, to the extent these rights were acquired from that issuer, and sales of the rights that were acquired.

Approvals of Securities transactions granted by
the CCO will be effective for two business days after approval, unless otherwise specified in writing. Access Persons who receive approval
with respect to a Covered Security transaction but do not place a trade within such period must submit a new preclearance request to the
CCO.

The CCO will not grant prior approval to an order
or investment that anticipates (i.e., front runs) or competes with a customer/Client order. The CCO will also not grant approval
request for any issuer found on the Restricted List. Access Persons should not communicate any denial by the CCO of any trade to any person
and to do so may be a criminal offence in certain jurisdictions.

Prior to the CCO trading in a Covered Security,
the CCO will obtain prior approval of a member of the Management Committee. Securities reports for the CCO will be reviewed by or under
the direction of the Management Committee.

January 2025

(G) Reportable Securities

Pre-clearance is required for the following Covered
Securities, also deemed Reportable Securities as used throughout Section IV of this Code:

Stocks

Bonds

Single-stock derivatives

Hedge fund/private equity interests

As a reminder, trades in these Reportable Securities
must be executed within two business days after approval and held for three months.

Pre-clearance is not required for the following
Covered Securities:

Exchange-traded funds (ETFs)

Index-based derivatives

Open-end mutual funds

U.S. treasuries

Commercial paper

Note that neither the trading window nor the holding
period apply to the aforementioned Covered Securities.

Section V. Reports by Access Persons

(A) Initial and Annual
Personal Securities Accounts and Holdings Reports.

All Access Persons shall within
10 days of the date on which they become Access Persons, and thereafter, within 30 days after the end of each calendar year, disclose
the title and type of security, and as applicable the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, number of shares, and principal amount of
all Covered Securities in which they have a Beneficial Ownership as of the date the person became an Access Person, in the case of such
persons initial report, and as of the last day of the year, as to annual reports. A form of such report, which is hereinafter called
an Initial and Annual Personal Securities Accounts and Holdings Report, is attached as Schedule B. Each Initial and
Annual Personal Securities Accounts and Holdings Report must also disclose the name of any broker, dealer, or bank with whom the Access
Person maintained an account in which any securities were held for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person as of the date
the person became an Access Person or as of the last day of the year, as the case may be. Each Initial and Annual Personal Securities
Accounts and Holdings Report shall state the date it is being submitted. In all cases, the information must be current as of a date no
more than 45 days prior to the date the person becomes an Access Person, or the date the report was submitted, as applicable.

(B) Quarterly Transaction
Reports.

Within 30 days after the end
of each calendar quarter, each Access Person shall make a written report to the CCO (or designee) of all transactions occurring in the
quarter in a Covered Security in which he or she had any Beneficial Ownership. A form of such report, which is hereinafter called a Quarterly
Securities Transaction Report, is attached as Schedule C.

January 2025

A Quarterly Securities Transaction
Report shall be in the form of Schedule C or such other form approved by the CCO (or designee) and must contain the following information
with respect to each reportable transaction:

(1) Date and nature of the transaction (purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or disposition);

(2) Title, interest rate and maturity date (if applicable), number of shares and principal amount of each Covered Security involved and the price of the Covered Security at which the transaction was effected;

(3) Name of the broker, dealer or bank with or through whom the transaction was effected; and

(4) The date the report is submitted by the Access Person.

(C) Independent Directors.

Notwithstanding the reporting
requirements set forth in this Section V, an Independent Director who would be required to make a report under this Section V solely by
reason of being a director of the Company is not required to file an Initial and Annual Personal Securities Accounts and Holdings Report
upon becoming a director of the Company or an annual Initial and Annual Personal Securities Accounts and Holdings Report.

Such an Independent Director
also need not file a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report unless such director knew or, in the ordinary course of fulfilling
his or her official duties as a director of the Company, should have known that during the 15-day period immediately preceding or after
the date of the transaction in a Covered Security by the director, such Covered Security is or was purchased or sold by the Company or
the Company or the Adviser considered purchasing or selling such Covered Security.

(D) Access Persons of the Adviser or the Administrator.

An Access Person of the Adviser
or the Administrator need not make a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report if all of the information in the report would duplicate information
required to be recorded pursuant to Rules 204-2(a)(12) or (13) under the Advisers Act, provided the Adviser or Administrator, as applicable,
received such information not later than 30 days after the close of the calendar quarter in which the transaction takes place.

(E) Brokerage Accounts and Statements.

Access Persons, except Independent Directors, shall:

(1) within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, identify the name of the broker, dealer or bank with whom the Access Person established an account in which any securities were held during the quarter for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person and identify any new account(s) and the date the account(s) were established. This information shall be included on the appropriate Quarterly Securities Transaction Report;

(2) instruct the brokers, dealers or banks with whom they maintain such an account to provide duplicate account statements to the CCO (or designee); and

(3) on an annual basis, certify that they have complied with the requirements of (1) and (2) above.

January 2025

(F) Form of Reports.

A Quarterly Securities Transaction
Report may consist of broker statements or other statements that provide a list of all personal Covered Securities holdings and transactions
in the time period covered by the report and contain the information required in a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report.

(G) Responsibility to Report.

It is the responsibility of
each Access Person to take the initiative to comply with the requirements of this Section V. Any effort by the Company, or by the Adviser
or Administrator, and their affiliates, to facilitate the reporting process does not change or alter that responsibility. A person need
not make a report hereunder with respect to transactions effected for, and Covered Securities held

in, any account over which the person has no direct or indirect influence
or control.

(H) Where to File Reports.

All Quarterly Securities Transaction
Reports and Initial and Annual Personal Securities Accounts and Holdings Reports must be filed, in writing, with the CCO using either
(i) Schedule B or C, respectively, or (ii) any available online PST System.

(I) Disclaimers.

Any report required by this
Section V may contain a statement that the report will not be construed as an admission that the person making the report has any direct
or indirect Beneficial Ownership in the Covered Security to which the report relates.

Section VI. Additional Prohibitions

(A) Confidentiality of the
Companys Transactions.

Until disclosed in a public report to stockholders
or to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in the normal course, all information concerning the securities being considered
for purchase or sale by the Company shall be kept confidential by all Covered Persons and disclosed by them only on a need
to know basis. It shall be the responsibility of the CCO to report to the directors of the Company any known violations found in
this regard.

(B) Gifts and Entertainment
Policy

In light of the Firms business activities,
its fiduciary obligations to its Clients and its commitment to adhere to the highest ethical standards, the Adviser has adopted this policy
to impose limits on, and monitor the nature and quantity of, business-related gifts and entertainment activities. Business-related
gifts, gratuities and entertainment activities are those that the Advisers Covered Persons give to, or receive from, a person
or firm that: (a) conducts business with or provides services to the Firm; (b) may do business or is being solicited to do business with
the Adviser; or (c) is associated with an organization that conducts or seeks to conduct business with the Adviser. Gifts and entertainment
are defined as follows:

Gift refers to any object or thing
of more than de minimis value provided for the recipients personal use or enjoyment. An entertainment event, dinner or other function
which the offeror does not attend, will be treated as a gift.

January 2025

Entertainment refers to meals, sporting
events or other entertainment events where the giver intends to participate, or attends the event with the recipient (e.g., accompanies
the recipient of baseball tickets to the game).

This policy is not intended to prevent Covered
Persons from giving or receiving gifts or entertainment, provided that such gifts and entertainment are not extravagant, or excessive
or so frequent as to raise any question of impropriety. The policy is intended to assure that the practice of giving and accepting gifts
or entertainment is not abused or undertaken for improper purposes, and does not compromise the integrity, objectivity, or fiduciary responsibilities
of the Adviser or its Covered Persons, or create an appearance of impropriety or raise potential conflicts of interest. A Covered Person
should consult the CCO with any questions as to whether a particular gift or entertainment activity is reasonable in scope or cost.

Furthermore, federal and state laws contain numerous
restrictions on the giving and receiving of gifts, particularly with respect to government officials/entities. In addition to complying
with the general procedures set forth in this Code for gifts and entertainment, any gift or entertainment offered or accepted to or from
a government official/entity must also comply with the Advisers Political Contributions Policy and Procedures (as set forth in
the Manual), the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and the UK Bribery Act (as set forth in the Manual). If there is any
question as to scope or application of this policy, Covered Persons should consult with the CCO.

1. Prohibited
Conduct

The Adviser expressly prohibits its Covered Persons
from:

accepting any gift or item of value with
any understanding that the donor will receive special or favorable treatment by the Firm or by any Covered Persons;

accepting, without prior approval, any
gift or entertainment with value greater than $100 from a public company in which a Client is invested or in which the Adviser is evaluating
an investment other than items of reasonable value received for the purposes of conducting due diligence or product evaluations;

giving or accepting any gift of cash,
or cash equivalents; and

allocating brokerage commissions or trades
to a broker on the basis of personal gifts or rewards provided to the Covered Person, or a relative or friend of the Covered Persons.

2. Approval
and Reporting Requirements

a) Gifts.
Each Covered Person may not, without obtaining the prior approval of the CCO, give or receive a gift with value equal to or greater than
$500 (other than personal gifts and gifts of de minimis value, as defined above), and. Covered Persons can request prior written approval
of the CCO.

Gift baskets containing food and other similar
items may be accepted on behalf of the Firm if, upon acceptance, they are placed in a common area of any of the Firms offices and
the contents are made available to all Covered Persons.

Entertainment. This policy does not prohibit a
Covered Person from accepting an occasional meal, reception invitation, ticket to a sporting or theater event, or comparable entertainment
that is not so frequent, costly, or lavish as to raise any question of impropriety. In the case of entertainment received, if the estimated
cost or value of the Covered Persons portion of the entertainment is greater than $500, the Covered Person must obtain written
pre-approval from the CCO. In the case of entertainment provided, if the cost of the entertainment is greater than $500 per individual,
the Covered Person must obtain written pre-approval from the CCO.

January 2025

This policy does not prohibit Covered Persons from
attending annual meetings, advisory board meetings, board of directors meetings or due diligence meetings in connection with the
Advisers existing or potential investments where reasonable expenses are covered or reimbursed by the Adviser organizing such meetings,
provided that such adviser covering the expenses is actively involved in such meetings.

The CCO may require a Covered Person to refrain
from providing or to return a gift, or to decline participation in or hosting the entertainment, if it is determined that the gift or
entertainment could violate laws or regulations, improperly influence business with the individual, create an appearance of a conflict
of interest, or cause reputational harm to the Adviser. The CCO may require the Covered Person to return a gift if it is determined that
the gift could improperly influence a third-party or create the appearance of a conflict.

On an annual basis, all Covered Persons are required
to certify that they have pre-approved, and therefore, reported all of their gifts and/or entertainment given or received in accordance
with this policy. The CCO will maintain and keep a log of each pre-approval, granted and denied for gifts and entertainment given or received
by Covered Persons..

In the context of the FCPA and the UK Bribery Act,
any gifts and entertainment given or received while abroad, as described in more detail in the appendices to the Manual, must be pre-approved
irrespective of the value of such gift(s) or entertainment to ensure compliance with the FCPA and the UK Bribery Act. However, customary
meals are acceptable under the regulations.

Regardless of the dollar value, Covered Persons
may not give a gift or provide entertainment that is inappropriate under the circumstances, or inconsistent with applicable law or regulations,
to persons associated with securities or financial organizations, exchanges, member firms, commodity firms, news media, ERISA fiduciaries,
or Clients of the Adviser.

(C) Digital Asset Policy

Cryptocurrency is a form
of digital currency that uses a decentralized network to affect and verify transactions. Examples include Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin
and Ripple.

Cryptocurrency mining (Mining)
is a process used to create new digital currency. Covered Persons are not permitted to engage in Mining activities, and Mining activities
will not be approved as an outside business activity.

An initial coin offering
(an ICO) is a method of fundraising for a new venture wherein investors obtain interests (in the form of virtual coins or
digital tokens) in exchange for legal tender or another established cryptocurrency. Interests in such ventures (i.e., the coins or tokens
purchased) may be considered securities. Accordingly, Covered Persons are not permitted to participate in an ICO or similar investment
and requests to do so will not be approved for personal trading purposes.

Cryptocurrency is generally
considered a commodity and falls outside of the definition of a security under U.S. securities law. Accordingly,
Covered Persons are not required to obtain pre-approval to transact in, and are not required to report, such virtual instruments. However,
if a Covered Person transacts in cryptocurrency and subsequently uses such virtual instruments to transact in future transactions that
would otherwise require pre-clearance or be prohibited transactions pursuant to the Code, such transaction would be subject to the Code
and Covered Persons must comply with the provisions of the Code in such transactions. For example, if a Covered Person transacted in cryptocurrency
and subsequently used such cryptocurrency to purchase a Covered Security on the Restricted List, such transaction would be a prohibited
transaction under the Code (i.e., Covered Persons may not use cryptocurrency to circumvent the requirements of the Code). If a Covered
Person has any questions about whether a particular virtual instrument requires pre-clearance, he or she should contact Compliance before
transacting in such virtual instrument.

January 2025

Non-Fungible Token (NFT)
is a unique and non-interchangeable unit of data stored on a blockchain. NFTs can be associated with reproducible digital files such as
photos, videos, and audio. NFTs use a digital ledger to provide a public certificate of authenticity or proof of ownership, but do not
restrict the sharing or copying of the underlying digital files. The lack of interchangeability (fungibility) distinguishes NFTs from
blockchain cryptocurrencies. NFTs are generally considered to be collectible assets akin to physical art and fall outside of the definition
of a security under U.S. securities law.

Accordingly, with one exception, Covered Persons
are not required to obtain pre-approval to transact in, and are not required to report, NFT instruments. If the NFT being considered is
fractionalized for the purpose of creating shares to be traded in a secondary market and provide liquidity, then, in this case, these
fractions will fall under securities laws and require pre-approval for Covered Persons. Additionally, similar to the provision
above, Covered Persons may not use NFTs to circumvent the requirements of the Code. If a Covered Person has any questions about whether
a particular NFT instrument requires pre-clearance, he or she should contact Compliance before transacting in such instrument.

Decentralized Autonomous
Organization (DAO) is a governance mechanism and doesnt constitute a security. Hence, an NFT structured with a layer
of DAO will not cause the NFT to be considered a security.

Section VII. Annual Certification

(A) Access Persons.

Access Persons shall be required
to certify annually that they have read this Code and that they understand it and recognize that they are subject to it. Further, Access
Persons shall be required to certify annually that they have complied with the requirements of this Code. A form of such certification
is attached as Schedule D.

(B) Board Review.

No less frequently than annually,
the Runway Entities must furnish to the Companys board of directors, and the board must consider, a written report that: (A) describes
any issues arising under this Code or procedures since the last report to the board, including, but not limited to, information about
material violations of the Code or procedures and sanctions imposed in response to material violations; and (B) certifies that the Company,
the Adviser, and the Administrator, as applicable, has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent Access Persons from violating
the Code.

Section VIII. Sanctions

Any violation of this Code
shall be subject to the imposition of such sanctions as may be deemed appropriate under the circumstances to achieve the purposes of Rule
17j-1, Rule 204A-1, and this Code. The sanctions to be imposed shall be determined by the Companys board of directors, including
a majority of the Independent Directors, provided, however, that with respect to violations by Covered Persons of the Adviser or the Administrator,
the sanctions to be imposed shall be determined by the Adviser or the Administrator (or the controlling person thereof). Sanctions may
include, but are not limited to, suspension or termination of employment, a letter of censure and/or restitution of an amount equal to
the difference between the price paid or received by the Company and the more advantageous price paid or received by the offending person.

January 2025

Section IX. Administration and Construction

(A) The administration of this Code shall be the responsibility of each Runway Entitys respective CCO.

(B) The duties of the CCO are as follows:

(1) Maintain continuously a current list of the names of all Access
Persons with an appropriate description of their title or employment, including a notation of any directorships held by Access Persons
who are officers or employees of the Adviser or the Administrator or of any company that controls the Adviser or the Administrator, and
inform all Access Persons of their reporting obligations hereunder;

(2) On an annual basis, provide all Covered Persons a copy of this Code and inform such persons of their duties and obligations hereunder including making available any supplemental training that may be required from time to time. In addition, provide to all Covered Persons updated copies of the Code each time it is amended.

(3) Collect from all Covered Persons a signed Acknowledgement, Affirmation and Certification of Compliance with Runway Compliance Program Documents form (which is attached as Schedule D) annually and each time the Code is amended;

(4) Maintain or supervise the maintenance of all records (including pre-clearance and other approvals granted) and reports required by this Code;

(5) Review the contents of holding reports submitted by Access Persons2;

(6) Review reports of all transactions effected by Access Persons who are subject to the requirement to file Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and review such transactions against a listing of all transactions effected by the Company and securities of any companies included on the Restricted List during the reporting period;

(7) Issue, either personally or with the assistance of counsel, as may be appropriate, any interpretation of this Code that may appear consistent with the objectives of Rule 17j-1, Rule 204A-1, and this Code;

(8) Conduct such inspections or investigations as shall reasonably be required to detect and report, with recommendations, any apparent violations of this Code to the board of directors of the Company; and

(9) Submit a written report to the board of directors of the Company, no less frequently than annually, that describes any issues arising under the Code since the last such report, including but not limited to the information described in Section VII(B).

(C) The respective CCO of
each respective Runway Entity shall maintain and cause to be maintained in an easily accessible place at the principal place of business
of each respective Runway Entity, the following records:

(1) A copy of all codes of ethics adopted by the Company, the Adviser, or the Administrator and their affiliates, as the case may be, pursuant to Rule 17j-1 and Rule 204A-1 that have been in effect at any time during the past five (5) years;

(2) A copy of all signed Acknowledgement, Affirmation and Certification of Compliance with Runway Compliance Program Documents forms (see Schedule D) for at least five (5) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the Acknowledgement, etc. is submitted;

2 The reportable holdings and transaction reports of the
CCO shall be reviewed by the CFO.

January 2025

(3) A record of each violation of such codes of ethics and of any action taken as a result of such violation for at least five (5) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the violation occurs;

(4) A copy of each report made by an Access Person for at least two (2) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the report is made, and for an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible;

(5) A copy of each report made by the CCO to the board of directors for two (2) years from the end of the fiscal year of the Company in which such report is made or issued and for an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible;

(6) A list of all persons who are, or within the past five (5) years have been, required to make reports pursuant to Rule 17j-1, Rule 204A-1, and this Code, or who are or were responsible for reviewing such reports;

(7) A copy of each report required by Section VII (B) for at least two (2) years after the end of the fiscal year in which it is made, and for an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible; and

(8) A record of any decision, and the reasons supporting the decision, to approve the acquisition by Investment Persons of securities in an Initial Public Offering or Limited Offering for at least five (5) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the approval is granted.

(D) This Code may not be amended or modified
except in a written form that is specifically approved by majority vote of the Independent Directors.

This Code was adopted and approved by the Board
of Directors of the Company, including a majority of the Independent Directors, on January 23, 2025.

January 2025

SCHEDULE A2

Runway Growth Finance Corp. / Runway Growth
Capital LLC 

Pre-Clearance Request

As described in Section IV of the Code of Ethics, this form must be
submitted prior to a Runway Entitys Advisory or Access Person executing any transaction in Runway Growth Finance Corp.s
securities, securities on the Restricted List, or purchasing a security in an initial public offering or in a private offering.

Upon completion of this form, please submit to the CCO at: CreditCompliance@bcpartners.com

Date of Request: Intended Trade Date: 

Name:

Buy Sell Sell Short Cover Short

Issuer name / Security description & CUSIP #:

Quantity: Market order: Limit Order

Reason for trade: 

Last trade in security (direction and date):

Broker:

Authorized by: Date:

(Chief Compliance Officer or Designee) 

The Chief Compliance Officer or her designee has
reviewed the proposed trade, contract, instruction or plan and confirms that Runway Growth Finance Corp. does not intend to buy or sell
the above security for any client accounts within the next fifteen (15) days and/or has completed all client transactions in this security
at this time. Exceptions to this statement should be noted on this form and any exception must be authorized by the Chief Compliance Officer.

Upon completion of the transaction, you must
notify BCP Compliance at CreditCompliance@bcpartners.com of the final execution price and trade volume.

2 This is a sample pre-clearance form.
Covered Persons will pre-clear trades in the PST System.

January 2025

SCHEDULE
B 

INITIAL AND ANNUAL PERSONAL SECURITIES3

ACCOUNTS AND HOLDINGS REPORT 

I certify that the following
bank or broker-dealer accounts are the only accounts holding securities of any kind or nature whatsoever in which I have or share
a Beneficial Ownership interest as such term is defined in the Runway Growth Finance Corp. / Runway Growth Capital LLC Joint
Code of Ethics.

Name of bank or broker custodian Account Number Name of beneficial owner of

record with the account custodian

I
further certify that the following is a listing of all Covered Securities in which I had or shared a Beneficial
Ownership interest as of the following date:

For
an Initial Personal Securities Holdings Report:

o (the date indicated may not be more than 45 days prior to the date of submission, as indicated below, of this report)

For
an Annual Personal Securities Holdings Report: December 31, 20

Note: For holdings report purposes, the
term Covered Securities should be understood as including securities of all sorts, but not the following:
(i) shares of open-end mutual funds; (ii) U.S. government or agency issued securities; and (iii) short-term debt instruments, bank CDs,
bankers acceptances or repurchase agreements. Shares of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are Covered Securities.

3 This is a sample disclosure form.
Covered Persons will disclose accounts and holdings in the PST System.

January 2025

In lieu of indicating the following required
information within this form, you may submitunder cover of a signed and dated copy of this formlegible copies of statements
of accounts issued by the account custodian(s) wherein Covered Securities are held as of the date indicated above. Such statements should
be either emailed or sent, by U.S. mail or courier service, to: CreditCompliance@bcpartners.com

Account

Custodian 

and Number 

Issuer Security

Type Exchange

Ticker

Symbol or

CUSIP

Number Total number of 

equity security shares Aggregate principal 

amount of debt securities

(Use a continuation sheet if necessary.)

Signature:_______________________________ Print Name:_______________________________________ 

Date Submitted:

For Initial Holdings Reports Must be within 10 days of initial
date of association with Runway Growth Finance Corp. or Runway Growth Capital LLC.

For Annual Holdings Reports Must be on or before January 30 of the current year.

January 2025

SCHEDULE C 

QUARTERLY SECURITIES TRANSACTION REPORT4

The following lists all transactions
in Covered Securities, in which I had any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership interest, that were effected during the last calendar
quarter and required to be reported by Section V (B) of the Code (If no such transactions took place write NONE). Please
sign and date this report and return it to the Chief Compliance Officer no later than the 30th day following the end of the quarter. Use
reverse side if additional space is needed.

PURCHASES AND ACQUISITIONS

Trade

Date 

No. of Shares or

Principal

Amount 

Interest Rate

and Maturity

Date 

Name of

Security Unit Price Total Price 

Broker,

Dealer, or

Bank 

SALES AND OTHER DISPOSITIONS

Trade

Date 

No. of Shares or

Principal

Amount 

Interest Rate

and Maturity

Date 

Name of

Security Unit Price Total Price 

Broker,

Dealer, or

Bank 

NEW
ACCOUNTS ESTABLISHED DURING THE QUARTER

Name of Broker, Dealer or Bank Name of Account and Account Number Date Established

4.This is a sample transaction reporting
form. Covered Persons will report transactions in the PST System.

January 2025

SCHEDULE D5

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT, AFFIRMATION AND CERTIFICATION

OF COMPLIANCE WITH RUNWAY COMPLIANCE PROGRAM
DOCUMENTS

The undersigned, as a Covered Person of Runway
Growth Finance Corp. or Runway Growth Capital LLC, hereby acknowledges, affirms and/or certifies as follows:

(1) I have received, read and understand the Runway Growth Finance Corp. Compliance Manual, the Runway Growth Capital LLC Compliance Manual and the Runway Growth Finance Corp. Code of Business Conduct.

(2) I have received, read and understand the Runway Growth Finance Corp. and Runway Growth Capital LLC Joint Code of Ethics (the Code) and agree to comply in all respects with the policies and procedures stated therein. If at any time during the past calendar year I was subject to the Code, I further certify that I have complied in all respects with the requirements of the Code as then in effect or, in the event that I have not so complied, I have fully disclosed all such non-compliance to the Chief Compliance Officer.

Signature: 

Print Name: Date: 

5 This is a sample transaction reporting form. Covered
Persons will report transactions in the PST System.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>rway-20250129.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rway-20250129_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rway-20250129_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock Par Value 0. 01 Per Share [Member] 

Sec 7. 50 Notes Due 2027 [Member] 

Notes 8. 00 Due 2027 [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rway-20250129_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 29, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 29, 2025

Entity File Number 000-55544

Entity Registrant Name RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001653384

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-5049745

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 205 N. Michigan Ave.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 4200

Entity Address, City or Town Chicago

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60601

City Area Code 312

Local Phone Number 281-6270

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock Par Value 0. 01 Per Share [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol RWAY

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Sec 7. 50 Notes Due 2027 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 7.50% Notes due 2027

Trading Symbol RWAYL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Notes 8. 00 Due 2027 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 8.00% Notes due 2027

Trading Symbol RWAYZ

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=rway_CommonStockParValue0.01PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=rway_Sec7.50NotesDue2027Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=rway_Notes8.00Due2027Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://runwaygrowth.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

rway-20250129.xsd 
rway-20250129_def.xml 
rway-20250129_lab.xml 
rway-20250129_pre.xml 
tm254820d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-007261-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm254820d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001653384 

2025-01-29 
2025-01-29 

0001653384 

rway:CommonStockParValue0.01PerShareMember 

2025-01-29 
2025-01-29 

0001653384 

rway:Sec7.50NotesDue2027Member 

2025-01-29 
2025-01-29 

0001653384 

rway:Notes8.00Due2027Member 

2025-01-29 
2025-01-29 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001653384 
8-K 
2025-01-29 
RUNWAY GROWTH FINANCE CORP. 
MD 
000-55544 
47-5049745 
205 N. Michigan Ave. 
Suite 4200 
Chicago 
IL 
60601 
312 
281-6270 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
RWAY 
NASDAQ 
7.50% Notes due 2027 
RWAYL 
NASDAQ 
8.00% Notes due 2027 
RWAYZ 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>