<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-007951.txt : 20250224
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-007951.hdr.sgml : 20250224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250224060244
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-007951
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HOUSTON AMERICAN ENERGY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001156041
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				760675953
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32955
		FILM NUMBER:		25654030

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 TRAVIS STREET, SUITE 1425
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7132226966

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 TRAVIS STREET SUITE 1425
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000115604100011560412025-02-202025-02-20iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 20, 2025

HOUSTON
AMERICAN ENERGY CORP.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-32955 76-0675953

(State
or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer 

Identification No.)

801
Travis Street, Suite 1425

Houston,
Texas 77002

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(713)222-6966

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Trading
Name of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, Par value $0.001 HUSA NYSE
American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Share
Exchange Agreement

On
February 20, 2025, Houston American Energy Corp., a Delaware corporation (HUSA or the Company), entered into
a share exchange agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement) with Abundia Financial, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(Abundia Financial), and Bower Family Holdings, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company (BFH, and
together with Abundia Financial, the AGIG Unitholders). The AGIG Unitholders are the record and beneficial owners of all
the issued and outstanding units of Abundia Global Impact Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (AGIG).

Pursuant
to the Share Exchange Agreement, HUSA will acquire all of the outstanding units of AGIG from the AGIG Unitholders in exchange for issuing
to the AGIG Unitholders a number of shares of HUSA common stock equal to 94% of all the issued and outstanding common stock of HUSA at
the time of the closing of the Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange). The Share Exchange contains customary representations,
warranties, covenants, and other agreements by the Company and the AGIG Unitholders and remains subject to customary closing conditions,
including the condition that our stockholders approve the Share Exchange Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including
the Share Exchange.

Immediately
following the completion of the Share Exchange, AGIG will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of HUSA. Outstanding shares of HUSA common stock
will remain outstanding and unaffected upon completion of the Share Exchange. HUSA common stock will continue to be registered under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 immediately following the Share Exchange. The Share Exchange Agreement requires the Company to use
commercially reasonable efforts to undertake a reverse stock split of its common stock, at a ratio to be determined by the Companys
board of directors (the Board), in order to comply with NYSE American listing standards.

Upon
the completion of the Share Exchange, the Board shall appoint AGIGs Chief Executive Officer, Edward Gillespie, to the Board. Mr.
Gillespie will enter into the Companys customary director indemnification agreement.

The
securities to be issued in the Share Exchange will be issued in reliance upon exemptions from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Rule 506 promulgated under Regulation D f the Securities Act.

The
foregoing description of the Share Exchange Agreement is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Share Exchange Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference in this
Item 1.01.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained above in Item 1.01 related to the Share Exchange with the AGIG Unitholders is hereby incorporated by reference
into this Item 3.02.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
February 24, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the entry into the Share Exchange Agreement. The full text of the press
release is attached as Exhibit 99.1, and is incorporated herein by reference.

In
accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including
Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference
in any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by reference in such a filing. Furthermore,
the furnishing of information under Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is not intended to constitute a determination by the
Company that the information contained herein, including the exhibits hereto, is material or that the dissemination of such information
is required by Regulation FD.

Forward-Looking
Information

This
Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking information and forward-looking statements (collectively,
forward-looking information) within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Forward-looking information is based on
managements current expectations and beliefs and is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking information in this news release may include,
but are not limited to, statements with respect to (i) AGIGs growth prospects and market size; (ii) AGIGs projected financial
and operational performance; (iii) new product and service offerings by AGIG may introduce in the future; (iv) the potential acquisition,
including the likelihood and ability of the parties to consummate the potential acquisition successfully; (v) the risk the proposed acquisition
may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price of HUSAs securities; (vi) the failure
to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the proposed acquisition, including the approval of the proposed acquisition by the
stockholders of HUSA (vii) the effect of the announcement or pendency of the proposed acquisition on HUSAs or AGIGs business
relationships, performance and business generally; (viii) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against HUSA or
AGIG related to the proposed acquisition or any agreement related thereto; (ix) the ability to maintain the listing of HUSA on NYSE American;
(x) the price of HUSAs securities, including volatility resulting from changes in the competitive and regulated industry in which
AGIG operates, variations in performance across competitors, changes in laws and regulations affecting AGIGs business; (xi) the
ability to implement business plans,forecasts,
and other expectations after the completion of the proposed acquisition and identify and realize additional opportunities; and (xii)
other statements regarding HUSAs or AGIGs expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions and strategies regarding the future.

In
addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including
any underlying assumptions are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue,
could, estimate, expect, intends, outlook, may, might,
plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should,
would, and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events
that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject, are subject to risks and uncertainties.

With
respect to the forward-looking information contained in this news release, the company has made numerous assumptions. While the company
considers these assumptions to be reasonable, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive,
market and social uncertainties and contingencies. Additionally, there are known and unknown risk factors which could cause the companys
actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by the forward-looking information contained herein. A complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties facing our business
is disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC on www.sec.gov. You should carefully consider those risks
and uncertainties, as well as those described in the Risk Factors section of HUSAs proxy statement relating to the
proposed acquisition, which is expected to be filed by HUSA with the SEC, other documents filed by HUSA from time to time with SEC, and
any risk factors made available to you in connection with HUSA, AGIG, and the proposed acquisition. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond the control of HUSA and AGIG) and other assumptions, that may cause
the actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. HUSA
and AGIG caution that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive.

All
forward-looking information herein is qualified in its entirety by this cautionary statement, and the company disclaims any obligation
to revise or update any such forward-looking information or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking
information contained herein to reflect future results, events or developments, except as required by law.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Share Exchange Agreement dated February 20, 2025, between Houston American Energy Corp., Abundia Financial, LLC, and Bower Family Holdings, LLC.

99.1 Press
Release dated February 24, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive File (the cover page tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

HOUSTON
AMERICAN ENERGY CORP.

Date:
February 24, 2025 By: /s/
Peter Longo

Name: Peter
Longo

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

SHARE
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

relating
to

ABUNDIA
GLOBAL IMPACT GROUP, LLC,

a
Delaware limited liability company,

by
and among 

HOUSTON
AMERICAN ENERGY CORP.,

a
Delaware corporation,

ABUNDIA
FINANCIAL, LLC,

a
Delaware limited liability company,

and,

BOWER
FAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC,

a
North Carolina limited liability company

Dated
as of February 20, 2025

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE
I. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 2

1.1. Definitions. 2

1.2. Rules
of Construction. 10

ARTICLE
II. SHARE EXCHANGE 11

2.1. Purchase
Price. 11

2.2. The
Share Exchange. 11

2.3. Mechanics
of Exchange. 11

2.4. Adjustments. 11

2.5. Fractional
Shares. 11

ARTICLE
III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF AGIG UNITHOLDERS 12

3.1. Corporate
Existence. 12

3.2. Corporate
Authority; Binding Effect. 12

3.3. No
Conflicts; Governmental Approvals and Consents. 12

3.4. Subsidiaries. 13

3.5. Capitalization. 14

3.6. Financial
Statements; Liabilities. 14

3.7. Solvency. 15

3.8. Indebtedness. 15

3.9. Good
Title. 16

3.10. Contracts. 16

3.11. Litigation. 16

3.12. Compliance
with Laws; Permits. 17

3.13. Anti-Corruption;
International Trade. 17

3.14. Intellectual
Property. 18

3.15. Insurance. 19

3.16. Tax
Matters. 19

3.17. Employment
Matters; Benefit Plans. 20

3.18. Brokers
and Other Advisors. 21

3.19. Business
Records. 21

3.20. AGIG
Unitholder Investment Acknowledgments. 21

3.21. Non-Arms
Length Transactions. 22

-i-

3.22. Related
Person Transactions. 22

3.23. CFIUS
Representations. 22

3.24. Exclusivity
of Representations; No other Representations or Warranties. 23

ARTICLE
IV. REPRESENTATIONS OF HUSA 23

4.1. Corporate
Existence. 23

4.2. Corporate
Authority. 23

4.3. Capitalization. 23

4.4. Solvency. 24

4.5. Title
to Assets. 24

4.6. Real
Property; Leasehold. 24

4.7. SEC
Filings; Financial Statements. 25

4.8. Governmental
Approvals and Consents. 25

4.9. Litigation. 26

4.10. Brokers
and Other Advisors. 26

4.11. Business
Records. 26

4.12. Not
an Investment Company. 26

4.13. CFIUS
Representations. 26

4.14. Exclusivity
of Representations; No Other Representations or Warranties. 26

ARTICLE
V. AGREEMENTS OF HUSA AND AGIG 27

5.1. Conduct
of the Business of AGIG. 27

5.2. Conduct
of the Business of HUSA. 28

5.3. Investigation
of Business. 30

5.4. Necessary
Efforts. 31

5.5. Public
Disclosures. 31

5.6. Access
to Records and Personnel. 31

5.7. Notification. 32

5.8. Meeting
of Stockholders. 32

5.9. Monthly
Financial Statements. 33

5.10. Reverse
Stock Split; Certificate of Incorporation Amendment; Stock Exchange Listing. 33

5.11. Insurance. 33

5.12. HUSA
Board Members Post Closing. 34

ARTICLE
VI. CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 34

6.1. Conditions
Precedent to Obligations of HUSA and the AGIG Unitholders. 34

6.2. Conditions
Precedent to Obligation of HUSA. 35

-ii-

6.3. Conditions
Precedent to Obligation of AGIG Unitholders. 36

ARTICLE
VII. CLOSING 37

7.1. Closing
Date. 37

7.2. HUSA
Obligations. 38

7.3. AGIG
Unitholders Obligations. 38

ARTICLE
VIII. TERMINATION 38

8.1. Termination
Events. 38

8.2. Termination
Procedures. 39

8.3. Effect
of Termination. 39

ARTICLE
IX. MISCELLANEOUS 40

9.1. Notices. 40

9.2. Severability. 41

9.3. Further
Assurances; Further Cooperation. 41

9.4. Counterparts. 41

9.5. Expenses. 41

9.6. Assignment;
Successors and Assigns. 41

9.7. Amendment;
Waiver. 42

9.8. Third
Parties; No Benefit to Third Parties. 42

9.9. Governing
Law. 42

9.10. Dispute
Resolution; Waiver of Jury Trial. 42

9.11. Disclosure
Schedules. 43

9.12. Entire
Agreement. 44

9.13. Non-Recourse. 44

9.14. Waiver
and Release of Claims. 45

9.15. Section
Headings; Table of Contents. 45

9.16. Specific
Performance. 45

9.17. Non-survival
of Representations and Warranties. 45

9.18. Fulfillment
of Obligations. 45

-iii-

SHARE
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

This
SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT is dated as of February 20, 2025 (the Agreement), by and among Houston American Energy
Corp., a Delaware corporation (HUSA), Abundia Financial, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Abundia
Financial), and Bower Family Holdings, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company (BFH, and together
with Abundia Financial, the AGIG Unitholders). HUSA and the AGIG Unitholders are referred to herein individually
as a Party and collectively as the Parties.. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall
have the meanings indicated in Section 1.1, or as otherwise defined in this Agreement.

RECITALS

A. The
AGIG Unitholders are the record and beneficial owners of all the issued and outstanding units of Abundia Global Impact Group, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (AGIG).

B. HUSA
has proposed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding AGIG Units pursuant to an exchange transaction (the Exchange)
whereby, pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, all of the AGIG Unitholders shall exchange all the issued
and outstanding units of AGIG, including Class A-1 Units, Class A-2 Units, and Class Z Units (collectively, the AGIG Units),
for their pro rata portion of the aggregate consideration in the form of shares of common stock of HUSA, par value $0.001 per share (the
Common Stock), as more fully described in this Agreement.

C. The
board of directors of HUSA and the board of managers of the AGIG Unitholders have each approved and deemed it advisable and in the best
interest of their respective stockholders and members for, as applicable, (i) the AGIG Unitholders to sell, transfer and assign to HUSA,
and HUSA to purchase from the AGIG Unitholders, the AGIG Units, and (ii) the AGIG Unitholders and HUSA to enter into this Agreement and
consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder.

D. HUSA
has obtained an opinion (delivered orally prior to signing and to be confirmed in writing promptly following the date of this Agreement)
from its financial advisor to the effect that, based upon and subject to the various assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered,
and qualifications and limitations set forth therein, the transactions contemplated hereby are fair to the holders of Common Stock from
a financial point of view (the HUSA Fairness Opinion) and, as of the date of this Agreement, such opinion has not
been withdrawn, revoked, or modified.

E.
The AGIG Unitholders have, in accordance with their charter documents and applicable Law, obtained the written consents of the AGIG
Unitholders in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Exchange.

F.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Exchange will be conducted in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act, and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder.

1

G.
It is intended that the terms and conditions of this Agreement comply in all respects with Section 351 of the Code, so that the Exchange
shall qualify as a tax free exchange under the Code, and that the Exchange shall also qualify as a transaction in securities exempt from
registration or qualification under the Securities Act and the parties intend this Agreement to comply at all times with the requirements
of Section 351 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

1.1. Definitions.

Unless
otherwise provided herein, capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the following meanings:

Abundia
Financial shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Affiliate
of a Person shall mean a Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, the first mentioned Person. For purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any
specified Person, means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly,
whether through ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise, and the terms controlling and controlled
by have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

AGIG
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

AGIG
Fundamental Representations shall mean the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.1 (Corporate Existence),
Section 3.2 (Corporate Authority; Binding Effect), Section 3.3 (No Conflicts; Governmental Approvals and Consents),
Section 3.4 (Subsidiaries), Section 3.5 (Capitalization), Section 3.7 (Solvency), Section 3.9
(Good Title), Section 3.14(c) (Ownership), and Section 3.14(d) (Infringement).

AGIG
Units shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

AGIG
Unitholders shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Anti-Corruption
Laws shall mean all applicable U.S. Laws relating to the prevention of corruption and bribery.

Assets
shall mean, with respect to any Person, all assets, properties, rights and claims of every nature, kind and description, tangible and
intangible, owned or leased or licensed, wheresoever located and whether or not carried or reflected on the books or records of such
Person.

2

Bankruptcy
and Equity Exception means except as enforceability may be affected by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization,
moratorium and other similar Laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, general equitable principles (whether considered
in a proceeding in equity or at Law) and the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.

Benefit
Plan shall mean each employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA or the equivalent applicable
Law), whether or not subject to ERISA, and each other employment, change in control, retention, bonus, commission, defined benefit or
defined contribution, pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation, stock ownership, stock purchase, stock option, stock appreciation,
restricted stock, restricted stock unit, phantom stock or other equity-based compensation, retirement, vacation, severance, redundancy,
termination, disability, death benefit, medical, dental, or other employee compensation and benefit plan, policy, program, agreement
or arrangement, in each case, that AGIG sponsors, maintains or contributes to (or is required to contribute to) or has any Liability
with respect to, for the benefit of business employees and their beneficiaries and dependents.

BFH
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Books
and Records shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.6(c).

Business
Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks in New York, New York, United States of America
are permitted or required by Law to be closed.

Contemplated
Offering shall mean the prospective registered direct offering by HUSA of up to $3,580,000 of Common Stock pursuant to its
shelf registration on Form S-3 (SEC Registration No. 333-282778).

Class
A-1 Units shall mean the Class A-1 units of AGIG as set forth in the Operating Agreement.

Class
A-2 Units shall mean the Class A-2 units of AGIG as set forth in the Operating Agreement.

Class
Z Units shall mean the Class Z units of AGIG as set forth in the Operating Agreement.

Closing
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

Closing
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

Closing
Indebtedness shall mean the Indebtedness of AGIG immediately before the Closing, which shall be set forth on Section 3.8
of the Disclosure Schedules but excluding any Indebtedness that is to be satisfied/discharged at Closing or immediately thereafter
with Closing proceeds.

Code
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

3

Common
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Confidentiality
Agreement means that certain Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement entered into between HUSA and AGIG, executed on November 14, 2024.

Consent
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.

Contract
shall mean any agreement, contract, subcontract, license, sublicense, lease, indenture, purchase order or other legally binding commitment
or undertaking of any nature (whether written or oral).

Contracting
Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.13.

Data
Room shall mean the virtual data room related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Disclosure
Schedules shall have the meaning set forth in the first sentence of ARTICLE III.

Disputes
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.10(a).

Dollars
or $, when used in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, shall mean United States dollars unless otherwise
stated.

DPA
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.23.

Effect
shall mean any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development.

Effective
Time shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

ERISA
shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

ERISA
Affiliate shall mean any entity (whether or not incorporated) which would be treated as a single employer with AGIG or any
of its Subsidiaries under Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Exchange
Act shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Fraud
shall mean fraud as constituted under common law of the State of Delaware.

GAAP
shall mean United States generally accepted accounting principles as promulgated by all relevant accounting authorities and as in effect
on the date hereof.

Governmental
Authority shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(b).

4

HUSA
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

HUSA
Directors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.12(a).

HUSA
Disclosure Schedules shall have the meaning set forth in the first sentence of ARTICLE IV.

HUSA
Fairness Opinion shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

HUSA
Fundamental Representations shall mean the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.1(a) (Corporate
Existence), Section 4.2(a) (Corporate Authority), and Section 4.3 (Capitalization).

HUSA
Stockholder Approval shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(b).

HUSA
Stockholders Meeting shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.8.

Indebtedness
shall mean, without duplication: (a) all obligations for the repayment of money borrowed (including the principal amount thereof or,
if applicable, the accreted amount thereof) or with respect to any deposit or advance of any kind of AGIG, whether or not represented
by bonds, debentures, notes or other securities (whether or not convertible into any other security) and whether owing to banks, financial
institutions, on credit cards or similar instruments, or otherwise (including any amounts owed by AGIG under any credit card); (b) all
obligations of AGIG under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement relating to property acquired by AGIG (other than trade
accounts payable that were incurred in the ordinary course of business); (c) all obligations of AGIG in respect of the deferred purchase
price of any asset or service (other than current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business that are not more than
ninety (90) days past due); (d) all obligations of AGIG to pay rent or other payment amounts under a lease which is required to be classified
as a capital lease or a liability on the face of a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP; (e) all outstanding reimbursement
obligations of AGIG with respect to letters of credit, bankers acceptances or similar facilities issued for the account of AGIG;
(f) all obligations of AGIG under any interest rate swap agreement, forward rate agreement, interest rate cap or collar agreement or
other financial agreement or arrangement entered into for the purpose of limiting or managing interest rate risks; (g) all obligations
secured by (or for which any Person has to the right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned by AGIG,
whether or not indebtedness secured thereby will have been assumed; (h) all guaranties, endorsements, assumptions and other contingent
obligations of AGIG in respect of, or to purchase or to otherwise acquire, Indebtedness of others; (i) all premiums, penalties, fees,
expenses, breakage costs and change of control payments required to be paid or offered in respect of any of the foregoing on prepayment
(regardless if any of such have accrued), as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or in connection
with any lender or securityholder consent; and (j) all accrued interest payable of AGIG with respect to any of the foregoing.

Intellectual
Property shall mean all rights associated with the following: (a) patents and applications therefor, utility models and applications
therefor and statutory invention registrations (including any continuations, continuations-in-part, divisionals, reissues, renewals,
foreign counterparts or modifications for any of the foregoing); (b) trade secret rights, rights in know-how and all other rights in
or to confidential business or technical information (Trade Secrets); (c) copyrights in works of authorship of any
type (including copyrights in software), mask work rights and design rights, whether or not registered, and registrations and applications
for registration thereof, and all rights therein provided by applicable international treaties or conventions, all moral and common law
rights thereto; (d) trademarks, trade names, service marks, service names, trade dress rights, domain names, social media identifiers,
URLs, IP addresses, IP address ranges and websites and similar designation of origin, in each case whether registered or unregistered,
and all goodwill symbolized thereby and associated therewith; and (e) any similar, corresponding or equivalent rights to any of the foregoing
anywhere in the world.

5

IRS
shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Service.

JAMS
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.10(a).

Law
shall mean any law, treaty, statute, ordinance, rule, code or regulation of a Governmental Authority or judgment, decree, order, writ,
award, injunction or determination of an arbitrator or court or other Governmental Authority.

Liabilities
shall mean any liabilities, obligations, guarantees (including lease guarantees), commitments, damages, losses, debts, claims, demands,
judgments or settlements of any nature or kind, whether direct or indirect, known or unknown, fixed, accrued, absolute or contingent,
liquidated or unliquidated, matured or unmatured and whether or not required by GAAP to be provided or reserved against on a balance
sheet.

Liens
shall mean any mortgage, easement, lease, sublease, right of way, trust or title retention agreement, pledge, lien (including any lien
for unpaid Taxes), charge, security interest, adverse claim, option or any restriction or other encumbrance of any kind.

Losses
shall mean any and all losses, damages, Taxes, liabilities, costs (including reasonable out-of-pocket costs of investigation) and expenses,
including interest, penalties, settlement costs, judgments, awards, fines, costs of mitigation, court costs and fees (including reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses).

made
available means uploaded to the data room maintained by Vault Rooms, Inc. (https://vaultrooms.com/) in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement at least 2 Business Days prior to the date of this Agreement.

Material
Adverse Effect means any effect that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on (a) AGIGs and its Subsidiaries business, results of operations, assets or financial (or other)
condition of AGIGs and its Subsidiaries business, taken as a whole; provided, that effects, alone or in combination,
that arise out of or result from the following, individually or in the aggregate, shall not be considered when determining whether a
Material Adverse Effect has occurred: (i) changes in economic conditions, financial, labor, credit or securities markets in general or
the industries and markets in which AGIGs and its Subsidiaries business is operated or in which products of AGIGs
and its Subsidiaries business are used or distributed; (ii) any change after the date hereof in Laws, GAAP or any other accounting
standard applicable to AGIGs and its Subsidiaries business, or the enforcement or interpretation thereof, applicable to
AGIGs and its Subsidiaries business; (iii) acts of God (including any hurricane, flood, tornado, earthquake, any epidemics
or quarantine restrictions or other natural disaster or any other force majeure event), calamities, national or international political
or social conditions, including acts of war, the engagement in hostilities, or the occurrence of any military attack or terrorist act
in the jurisdictions in which AGIGs and its Subsidiaries business is conducted or any escalation or worsening of any of
the foregoing; or (iv) any action taken by or inaction of HUSA, including the announcement of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents; provided, however, that the exceptions in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) shall only be
applicable to the extent that such effects do not have a disproportionate adverse impact on AGIGs and its Subsidiaries
business relative to businesses in the same or similar industries as AGIGs and its Subsidiaries business, or (b) the ability
of AGIG or its Affiliates, as applicable, to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement in a timely manner or to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

6

Nonparty
Affiliates shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.13.

NYSE
American shall mean the NYSE American Stock Exchange operated by NYSE American LLC.

NYSE
Listing Application shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.10(c).

Operating
Agreement shall mean the second amended and restated operating agreement by and among AGIG, Abundia Financial, BFH, Edward
Gillespie, Joseph M. Gasik, and Lucie Hardwood, dated as of June 15, 2022.

ordinary
course of business shall mean in the ordinary course of the operation of AGIG or HUSA, as the case may be, consistent with
past practices of AGIG or HUSA, as applicable.

Outside
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(b).

Owned
Intellectual Property shall mean any and all Intellectual Property that is owned or co-owned (or purported to be owned or
co-owned) by AGIG or any of its Affiliates and used or held for use in its business.

Party
and Parties shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Recitals to this Agreement.

Permits
shall mean any permit, franchise, authorization, license or other consent or approval, waiver, exemption or allowance issued or granted
by any Governmental Authority or pursuant to any Law.

Permitted
Liens shall mean (a) Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings,
(b) mechanics, workmens, repairmens, warehousemens, carriers or other similar Liens, including all
statutory Liens, or notices of commencement or similar filings, arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business with respect to
any amounts not yet due and payable or which are being contested in good faith through (if then appropriate) appropriate proceedings,
and (c) original purchase price conditional sales contracts and equipment leases, and related liens and financing statements, with third
parties entered into in the ordinary course of business.

7

Person
shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, trust, incorporated organization, other entity
or group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act).

Post-Closing
HUSA Board shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.12.

Pre-Closing
Period shall mean the period starting on the Signing Date ending on the Closing Date.

Proceeding
shall mean any claim, action, arbitration, audit, hearing, investigation, inquiry, examination, proceeding, litigation or suit (whether
civil, criminal, or administrative) commenced, brought, conducted, or heard by or before, or otherwise involving any Governmental Authority
or arbitrator.

Proxy
Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.8.

Release
shall be defined as that term is defined in 42 U.S.C. 9601 (22).

Representative
shall mean, with respect to any Person, any officer, director, principal, partner, manager, member, attorney, accountant, agent, employee,
consultant, financial advisor or other authorized representative of such Person.

Resignation
Letters shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(c).

Reverse
Stock Split shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.10(a).

Sanctioned
Country shall mean a country or territory which is itself the subject of or target of comprehensive Sanctions.

Sanctioned
Person shall mean a Person (a) listed on any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by a Governmental Authority,
(b) located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) greater than 50% owned or controlled by one or more Persons described
in clauses (a) or (b) above.

Sanctions
shall mean any Laws in any part of the world related to import transactions, export transactions, or economic or trade sanctions or restrictions;
the economic sanctions rules and regulations implemented under statutory authority or the U.S. Presidents Executive Orders and
administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or U.S. Department of State; and all relevant
Laws made under any of the foregoing.

Sarbanes-Oxley
Act means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

SEC
shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC
Documents shall mean all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by HUSA under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two (2) years preceding the date hereof (or such
shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material), including the exhibits thereto and documents
incorporated by reference therein.

8

Signing
Date shall mean the date of this Agreement.

Subsidiary
or Subsidiaries of HUSA, AGIG or any other Person shall mean any corporation, partnership or other legal entity
of which HUSA, AGIG or such other Person, as the case may be (either alone or through or together with any other Subsidiary), owns, directly
or indirectly, more than 50% of the stock or other equity interests the holder of which is generally entitled to vote for the election
of the board of directors or other governing body of such corporation or other legal entity.

Tax
or Taxes shall mean (a) any federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other income, alternative, minimum, accumulated earnings,
personal holding company, franchise, unincorporated business, capital stock, net worth, capital, profits, windfall profits, gross receipts,
value added, sales, use, excise, custom duties, transfer, conveyance, mortgage, registration, stamp, documentary, recording, premium,
severance, environmental, real and personal property, ad valorem, intangibles, rent, occupancy, license, occupational, employment, unemployment
insurance, social security, disability, workers compensation, payroll, health care, escheat, withholding, estimated or other tax,
fee, duty, charge or assessment by a Governmental Authority of any kind whatsoever (including amounts imposed for failure to file or
provide correct or timely information to any Governmental Authority or third parties), together with any interest, penalties, additions
to tax and additional amounts imposed by any Governmental Authority, whether disputed or not, and (b) any obligation to indemnify or
otherwise assume or succeed to any amount of the type described in clause (a) of any other Person.

Tax
Return shall mean any return, declaration, report, election, claim for refund, disclosure, form, statement or other document
relating to Taxes, and filed with or required to be filed with a Governmental Authority, including any schedule or attachment thereto,
and including any amendment thereof.

the
knowledge of a Party shall mean, with respect to the AGIG Unitholders, the actual knowledge of Edward Gillespie, Joseph Gasik
or Lucie Harwood after reasonable inquiry, and with respect to HUSA, the actual knowledge of Peter Longo after reasonable inquiry.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the shares of Common Stock will, in accordance with the terms
hereof, be listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American; the Nasdaq Capital Market; the Nasdaq Global Market;
the Nasdaq Global Select Market; or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents shall mean this Agreement and all other documents to be executed in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

9

Transfer
Agent shall mean Standard Registrar and Transfer Company, the transfer agent of HUSA.

Treasury
Regulations means the regulations promulgated under the Code.

1.2. Rules
of Construction.

(a) The
Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent
or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as jointly drafted by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall
arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. The Parties intend that each
representation, warranty and covenant contained herein shall have independent significance. If any Party has breached any representation,
warranty or covenant contained herein (or is otherwise entitled to indemnification) in any respect, the fact that there exists another
representation, warranty or covenant (including any indemnification provision) relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the
relative levels of specificity) which such Party has not breached (or is not otherwise entitled to indemnification with respect thereto)
shall not detract from or mitigate the fact that such Party is in breach of the first representation, warranty or covenant (or is otherwise
entitled to indemnification pursuant to a different provision).

(b) The
words hereof, herein, and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement,
will refer to this Agreement as a whole (including any annexes, exhibits and schedules to this Agreement) and not to any particular provision
of this Agreement, and recital, article, section, subsection, exhibit, annex and schedule references are to this Agreement unless otherwise
specified. The exhibits, annexes and schedules to this Agreement are hereby incorporated and made a part hereof and are an integral part
of this Agreement. The words include, including or includes when used herein shall be deemed
in each case to be followed by the words without limitation or words having similar import. When a reference is made in
this Agreement to Articles, Sections, or Exhibits, such reference shall be to an Article or
Section of, or an Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The word extent in the phrase to the extent
means the degree to which a thing extends, and does not simply mean if. The headings and table of contents in this Agreement
are included for convenience of reference only and will not limit or otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
The meanings given to terms defined herein will be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. The use of
Affiliates and Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be followed by the words as such entities exist as
of the relevant date of determination. Any reference to days means calendar days unless Business Days are expressly
specified. When calculating the period of time before which, within which or following which any act is to be done or step taken pursuant
to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be excluded. Any reference in this Agreement
to gender shall include all genders, and words imparting the singular number only shall include the plural and vice versa. The word or
is not exclusive, unless the context otherwise requires. An accounting term not otherwise defined herein has the meaning ascribed to
it in accordance with GAAP (it being understood that in the event of any discrepancy between GAAP and the provisions of this Agreement,
the provisions of this Agreement shall control). A reference to a statute, listing rule, regulation, order or other applicable law includes
a reference to the corresponding regulations and instruments and includes a reference to each of them as amended, consolidated, recreated,
replaced or rewritten.

10

ARTICLE
II.

SHARE EXCHANGE

2.1. Purchase
Price.

As
full consideration for the sale, assignment, transfer and delivery of the AGIG Units by the AGIG Unitholders to HUSA, and upon the terms
and subject to all of the conditions contained herein, HUSA shall issue to the AGIG Unitholders a number of newly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable shares of Common Stock (such shares of Common Stock, the Exchange Shares), which resulting number
of shares of Common Stock issued shall equal to ninety four percent (94%) of the aggregate issued and outstanding Common Stock at the
time of the Closing (including the Exchange Shares).

2.2. The
Share Exchange.

Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing, (i) the AGIG Unitholders hereby agree to sell, transfer,
convey, assign and deliver to HUSA, and HUSA shall acquire and accept from the AGIG Unitholders, all of the AGIG Units free and clear
of all Liens and other encumbrances, and (ii) HUSA shall issue the Exchange Shares to AGIG Unitholders, as set forth in Schedule 2.2.
Each of the AGIG Unitholders do hereby waive all rights of preemption, other restrictions on transfer and rights of veto or otherwise,
which have or may have been conferred on any or all of them, or otherwise, in respect of the transfer of the AGIG Units to HUSA under
this Agreement.

2.3. Mechanics
of Exchange.

(a) At
the Closing, the AGIG Unitholders shall transfer the full legal and beneficial interest in the AGIG Units to HUSA on the terms set out
in this Agreement.

(b) At
the Closing, HUSA shall deliver an irrevocable instruction letter to its Transfer Agent for the issuance of the Exchange Shares to the
AGIG Unitholders upon the AGIG Unitholders transfer of their respective AGIG Units to HUSA pursuant to Section 2.3(a).

2.4. Adjustments.

Without
limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, if at any time during the period between the date of this Agreement and the Closing
Date, any change in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall occur as a result of a reclassification, recapitalization,
stock split (including a reverse stock split) or similar event, or combination, exchange or readjustment of shares, or any stock dividend
with a record date during such period, the number of Exchange Shares shall be equitably adjusted to provide the same economic effect
as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such event.

2.5. Fractional
Shares.

Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, no fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued as the Exchange Shares. The number of shares
of Common Stock to which AGIG Unitholders are entitled under the terms hereof shall, be rounded to the nearest whole number of shares
of Common Stock.

11

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF AGIG UNITHOLDERS

The
AGIG Unitholders, severally and not jointly, represent and warrant to HUSA, subject to the disclosures and exceptions set forth in the
disclosure schedules delivered by the AGIG Unitholders to HUSA concurrently herewith (the Disclosure Schedules),
as of the Signing Date and as of the Closing Date, as follows:

3.1. Corporate
Existence.

AGIG
is a limited liability company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. AGIG
and each of its Subsidiaries has the requisite limited liability company power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties,
rights and assets related to its business and to conduct the business as the same is now being conducted by it. AGIG and each of its
Subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation under the Laws of all jurisdictions where the nature of the business
requires such qualification and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, in each case, except
as would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.2. Corporate
Authority; Binding Effect.

This
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the AGIG Unitholders are a party and the consummation by the AGIG Unitholders
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by the AGIG Unitholders by all requisite corporate,
limited liability company, partnership or similar action and no other proceedings on the part of the AGIG Unitholders necessary for the
AGIG Unitholders to authorize the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents to which the AGIG
Unitholders are a party or to perform any of its obligations hereunder or thereunder. The AGIG Unitholders have full corporate, limited
liability company, partnership or similar organizational (as applicable) power and authority to execute and deliver the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by the AGIG Unitholders, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by HUSA) this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally
binding obligation of the AGIG Unitholders, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms. When each other Transaction
Document to which the AGIG Unitholders are, or will be, party has been duly executed and delivered by the AGIG Unitholders (assuming
due authorization, execution and delivery by HUSA), such Transaction Document will constitute a valid and legally binding obligation
of the AGIG Unitholders, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.

3.3. No
Conflicts; Governmental Approvals and Consents.

(a) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the AGIG Unitholders to which they are a party, the performance
by the AGIG Unitholders of their obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation by the AGIG Unitholders of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, do not (i) violate or conflict with any provision of the organizational documents of AGIG, any of its
Subsidiaries or the AGIG Unitholders, (ii) result in any violation or breach or constitute any default (with or without notice or lapse
of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or to the loss of a material
benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien under any contract, indenture, mortgage, lease, note or other agreement or instrument
to which AGIG is subject or is a party, or (iii) violate, conflict with or result in any material breach under any provision of any Law
applicable to AGIG, any of its Subsidiaries or the AGIG Unitholders (to the extent it relates to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement).

12

(b) No
Consent, order or license from, notice to or registration, declaration or filing with, any United States, supranational or foreign, federal,
state, provincial, municipal or local government agency, court of competent jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other
governmental or regulatory authority or instrumentality (Governmental Authority), is required on the part of AGIG,
any of its Subsidiaries or the AGIG Unitholders in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any of
the other Transaction Documents to which the AGIG Unitholders are a party or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, except for such Consents, orders, licenses, filings or notices that have been or will be obtained as of the Closing.

3.4. Subsidiaries.

Section
3.4 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a complete and accurate list of each direct or indirect Subsidiary of AGIG and the following
information with respect to each Subsidiary is set out therein:

1. its
name;

2. its
entity type;

3. the
number, type and percentage of each class of outstanding shares or other equity interests
owned directly or indirectly by AGIG and by any other Person; and

4. its
governing jurisdiction.

Other
than the Subsidiaries of AGIG set out in Section 3.4 of the Disclosure Schedules, AGIG has no direct or indirect Subsidiaries nor does
it own any direct or indirect equity or voting interest of any kind in any Person.

AGIG,
directly or indirectly, owns all of the issued and outstanding shares and other interests of each of its Subsidiaries, free and clear
of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and all of the issued and outstanding shares or interests directly or indirectly owned by AGIG
have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable shares or interests, and no such shares or interests
have been issued in violation of any pre-emptive or similar rights.

There
are no Contracts, arrangements or restrictions that require any of the Subsidiaries of AGIG to issue, sell or deliver any shares or other
interests, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for, any shares or other interests.

13

3.5. Capitalization.

(a) The
authorized capital of AGIG as of immediately prior to the Closing consists of an unlimited number of AGIG Units, of which 100 units are
issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Closing. Section 3.5(a) of the Disclosure Schedule sets out the authorized
and issued AGIG Units, as well as the names of the AGIG Unitholders who are the holders of such Units and the number and class of units
held by each AGIG Unitholder. Other than as disclosed in Section 3.5(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, no other Person holds any
equity interests in AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case as of immediately prior to the Closing, or any options, warrants, or
other agreements or commitments to acquire from AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries, or obligations of AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries to
issue, any voting debt, capital stock, voting securities, or other ownership interests in (or securities convertible into or exchangeable
for capital stock, voting securities, or other ownership interests in) AGIG or any Subsidiary of AGIG.

(b) All
of the issued and outstanding AGIG Units and the equity interests of each of its Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly issued,
and are fully paid and nonassessable. None of the issued and outstanding AGIG Units or the equity interests of any of its Subsidiaries
are entitled or subject to any preemptive right, right of participation, right of maintenance or any similar right and none of the issued
and outstanding AGIG Units or the equity interests of any of its Subsidiaries are subject to any right of first refusal.

3.6. Financial
Statements; Liabilities.

(a) Prior
to the date of this Agreement, the AGIG Unitholders have made available to HUSA (i) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of AGIG
as of December 31, 2024 (the Balance Sheet Date), and the related unaudited consolidated statement of operations
of AGIG for the year ended 2024, together with the notes thereto (together, the Unaudited Financial Statements),
and (ii) the audited consolidated balance sheet of AGIG as of December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, and the related audited consolidated
statement of operations of AGIG for the financial years 2023 and 2022, together with the notes thereto (together, the Audited
Financial Statements, and together with the Unaudited Financial Statements, the Financial Statements).
The Financial Statements have been prepared from the books and records of AGIG in accordance with GAAP in effect as of the applicable
date or period, consistently applied throughout the periods covered thereby. The Financial Statements fairly present, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of AGIG, the consolidated net assets of AGIG and the consolidated results of operations
of AGIG for the periods covered thereby, in each case, in conformity with GAAP, with only such deviations from such accounting principles
as are referred to the notes to thereto and subject to normal immaterial year-end audit adjustments.

(b) There
are no Liabilities of AGIG that would be required under GAAP (or, to the knowledge of the AGIG Unitholders, would not be required under
GAAP) to be disclosed on a balance sheet of AGIG, except (i) Liabilities disclosed on the Financial Statements, (ii) immaterial Liabilities
incurred after the Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business, (iii) transaction expenses incurred in connection with the
negotiation of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and (iv) Liabilities expressly set forth on Section 3.6(b) of the
Disclosure Schedules.

(c) Neither
AGIG nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or has any commitment to become a party to: (i) any joint venture, off-balance sheet
partnership, or any similar Contract or arrangement (including any Contract or arrangement relating to any transaction or relationship
between or among AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any other Person, including any structured finance, special purpose,
or limited purpose Person, on the other hand or that otherwise creates any off-balance sheet arrangements); or (ii) any off-balance
sheet arrangements (as defined in item 2.03(d) of the SECs Current Report on Form 8-K or as described in Instruction 8
to Item 303(b) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC).

14

3.7. Solvency.

As
of the date of this Agreement and immediately after the Closing, AGIG and its Subsidiaries is and will be able to pay its debts as they
become due in the ordinary course of business and will own assets having a present fair saleable value greater than its stated Liabilities
and identified contingent Liabilities, including any contingent Liabilities, AGIG and its Subsidiaries may have in respect of any actual
or alleged violation or noncompliance of Law by AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries. As of the date of this Agreement and immediately after
the Closing, AGIG and its Subsidiaries will have adequate capital to carry on its business and to perform its obligations under its Contracts.
AGIG and its Subsidiaries has not incurred, does not intend to incur, and does not reasonably believe it will incur debts beyond its
ability to pay as such debts mature or become due. No transfer of property is being made and no obligation is being incurred in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereunder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors of AGIG or its Subsidiaries or to prevent
AGIG or its Subsidiaries from performing its obligations under its Contracts.

3.8. Indebtedness.

(a) Section
3.8(a) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a complete and correct list of each item of Closing Indebtedness as of the date of
this Agreement, identifying the creditor to which such Closing Indebtedness is owed, the title of the instrument under which such Closing
Indebtedness is owed, the amount of such Closing Indebtedness as of the close of business on the date of this Agreement (or such other
time as is specified in Section 3.8(a) of the Disclosure Schedules), as well as all Indebtedness that is to be satisfied/discharged
at Closing or immediately thereafter with Closing proceeds. Except as set forth in Section 3.8(a) of the Disclosure Schedules,
no Closing Indebtedness or other Indebtedness that is to be satisfied/discharged at Closing or immediately thereafter with Closing proceeds
contain any restriction upon the prepayment of any of such Indebtedness. AGIG has provided to HUSA true, complete and accurate copies
of all Contracts related to Indebtedness.

(b) With
respect to each item of Closing Indebtedness, AGIG is not in default and no payments are past due. AGIG has not received any notice of
a default, alleged failure to perform or any offset or counterclaim (in each case, that has not been waived or remains pending as of
the date of this Agreement) with respect to any item of Closing Indebtedness. Except as set forth in Section 3.8(b) of the Disclosure
Schedules, neither the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement nor the execution, delivery or performance
of this Agreement or any of the other agreements, documents or instruments referred to in this Agreement will result in a default or
breach of the terms of, or accelerate the maturity of or performance under, any conditions, covenants or other terms of any such Closing
Indebtedness.

15

3.9. Good
Title.

(a) The
AGIG Unitholders are the record and beneficial owner and each has good and marketable title to their AGIG Units, with the right and authority
to sell and deliver such AGIG Units. Upon delivery of assignments duly signed, representing the same as herein contemplated and/or upon
registering of HUSA as the new owner of such AGIG Units, HUSA will receive good title to such AGIG Units, free and clear of all Liens.

(b) Except
as set out in Section 3.9(b) of the Disclosure Schedules, AGIG and each of its Subsidiaries hold all rights, assets and property necessary
for the conduct of their respective businesses after the Closing, substantially in the same manner as conducted prior to the Closing.

(c) AGIG
and each of its Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all of the properties and assets (whether real, personal, movable, immovable
or mixed and whether tangible or intangible) necessary to operate their respective businesses, including all the properties and assets
reflected as being owned, as the case may be, by AGIG or any Subsidiary on the balance sheet forming part of the most recent Financial
Statements or otherwise in the applicable books and records of AGIG and its Subsidiaries. AGIG and each of its Subsidiaries has legal
and beneficial ownership of its respective properties and assets free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens. No other Person
owns any assets which are being used in the respective businesses of AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries.

(d) Where
any material assets are used, but not owned, by AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries or any facilities or services which are material to the
respective businesses of AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries are provided to, as the case may be, AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries by a third
party, no event of default has occurred or is subsisting or has been alleged or is likely to arise which may entitle any third party
to terminate any agreement or license in respect of the provision of such facilities or services.

3.10. Contracts.

The
AGIG Unitholders have made available to HUSA true, correct and complete copies of each of the Contracts to which AGIG is a party, together
with any amendments, modifications or supplements thereto. Each Contract is in full force and effect and is a valid and binding agreement
of AGIG and its Subsidiaries, and the other parties thereto, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to Bankruptcy and Equity
Exception. Neither AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries is in breach of or default, in any material respect, under any Contract to which it
is a party, and to the knowledge of the AGIG Unitholders, no other party to any such Contract is in breach thereof or default thereunder.
Neither AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries has received from any counterparty any written notice of termination or written notice or claim
of default by AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries under any Contract. No event has occurred that, with or without notice or lapse of time
or both, would result in a breach or default, in any material respect, under any Contract by AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries.

3.11. Litigation.

Neither
AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any order, judgment, stipulation, injunction, decree or agreement with any party, including
any Governmental Authority, that would prevent or reasonably be expected to interfere with or delay the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents or, would be material to the business of AGIG. There are no Proceedings pending or, to the
knowledge of the AGIG Unitholders, threatened, against AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers or directors.

16

3.12. Compliance
with Laws; Permits.

(a) Compliance
with Laws. In the last three (3) years, (i) AGIG and each of its Subsidiaries has conducted its business at all times in compliance,
in all material respects, with all Laws applicable to its business, and (ii) neither AGIG nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any
written notice of any violation or alleged violation of any such applicable Law.

(b) Permits.
(i) AGIG and each of its Subsidiaries has all Permits that are necessary to conduct its business as currently conducted, (ii) all such
Permits are in full force and effect, (iii) AGIGs and each of its Subsidiaries business is not being conducted in violation
or default of such Permits, (iv) neither AGIG nor any of its Subsidiaries is in receipt of any written notification that any Governmental
Authority is threatening to revoke any such Permit, (v) all such Permits were lawfully obtained and (vi) all such Permits are transferable
to HUSA. Section 3.12(b) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth all Permits used or held for use by AGIG and each of its Subsidiaries.

3.13. Anti-Corruption;
International Trade.

(a) In
the last five (5) years, , neither AGIG, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of the AGIG Unitholders, nor, to the knowledge of the AGIG Unitholders,
any of their respective officers, directors or employees has (i) made, authorized, solicited or received any bribe, unlawful rebate,
payoff, influence payment or kickback, (ii) established or maintained, or is maintaining, any unlawful fund of corporate monies or properties,
(iii) used or is using any corporate funds for any illegal contributions, gifts, entertainment, hospitality, travel or other unlawful
expenses, (iv) violated or is violating in any respect Anti-Corruption Laws or (v) directly or indirectly, made, offered, authorized,
facilitated or promised any payment, contribution, gift, entertainment, bribe, rebate, kickback, financial or other advantage, or anything
else of value, regardless of form or amount, to any governmental official or any other Person.

(b) Neither
AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the AGIG Unitholders, any of the officers, directors or employees of AGIG or
any of its Subsidiaries, is currently or has in the last five (5) years been: (i) a Sanctioned Person; (ii) operating in, organized in,
conducting business with, or otherwise engaging in dealings with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country;
or (iii) otherwise in violation of any Sanctions.

(c) Neither
AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries has received from any Governmental Authority any notice, inquiry, or internal or external allegation,
or made any voluntary or involuntary disclosure to a Governmental Authority, in each case, concerning any actual or potential violation
or wrongdoing related to Sanctions or Anti-Corruption Laws.

17

3.14. Intellectual
Property.

(a) Registered
Intellectual Property. Section 3.14(a) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a correct and complete list of all registrations
and applications for Owned Intellectual Property, including:

(i) patents
owned or filed by, or on behalf of, AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries, or under which AGIG
or any of its Subsidiaries has exclusive rights in any field or territory, including the
country of filing, owner, filing number, date of issue or filing, expiration date and title;

(ii) registered
trademarks and pending applications for registration of trademarks owned or filed by, or
on behalf of, or used by AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries, including country of filing, description
of goods or services, registration or application number and date of issue;

(iii) all
registered copyrights and applications for registration of copyrights owned or filed by,
or on behalf of, or used by AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries, including country of filing,
owner, filing number, date of issue and expiration date; and

(iv) domain
names currently used in AGIGs or any of its Subsidiaries business.

(b) All
registrations and applications are subsisting and unexpired, valid, enforceable and otherwise in good standing and none of such registrations
and applications have been adjudged invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part. All fees that are due and payable in respect of the
Owned Intellectual Property have been duly paid, and AGIG and its Subsidiaries has taken all actions required in the prosecution of the
Owned Intellectual Property. No Owned Intellectual Property is involved in any interference, opposition, reissue, reexamination, revocation,
or equivalent proceeding, in which the scope, validity, enforceability or patentability of any such Owned Intellectual Property is being
contested or challenged.

(c) Ownership.
AGIG and its Subsidiaries solely and exclusively owns all Owned Intellectual Property, free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted
Liens). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, AGIG and its Subsidiaries has entered into written agreements with each of
its current employees who are/were involved in the creation of any Owned Intellectual Property, whereby such employees (x) assign to
AGIG and its Subsidiaries all ownership interest and right they may have in any Owned Intellectual Property, invention, improvement,
idea, discovery, development, writing, work of authorship, know-how, process, method and technology created or developed by such employees
in connection with the performance of their services for AGIG, and (y) acknowledge AGIGs and its Subsidiaries sole and
exclusive ownership of all such Owned Intellectual Property.

(d) Infringement.
Neither AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, demand, or indemnification request, or is subject to any claim, injunction,
directive, order, or Proceeding (including any oppositions, interferences or re-examinations) whether pending or, to the knowledge of
the AGIG Unitholders, threatened (i) asserting or suggesting that any infringement, misappropriation, violation, dilution or unauthorized
use of Intellectual Property is or may be occurring or has or may have occurred, or (ii) challenging the validity, enforceability or
use of any Owned Intellectual Property.

18

(e) Protection
and Confidentiality. AGIG and its Subsidiaries has implemented reasonable policies and procedures and has taken all reasonable steps
and security measures necessary to maintain, enforce and protect their rights in the Owned Intellectual Property and at all times has
maintained the confidentiality of all Trade Secrets included in, or otherwise used by AGIG and its Subsidiaries. To the knowledge of
the AGIG Unitholders, none of the Trade Secrets used in the business of AGIG and its Subsidiaries have been disclosed to a third party
and neither AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries has experienced any loss or data breach related thereto.

3.15. Insurance.

Section
3.15 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a complete list of all insurance policies that insure the business of AGIG and its Subsidiaries.
AGIG and its Subsidiaries is insured in amounts no less than as required by applicable Law and any Contract. All such insurance policies
are in full force and effect and all premiums due and payable on such insurance policies have been timely paid. Neither AGIG nor any
of its Subsidiaries is in breach or default, and neither AGIG nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any
action which, with notice or the lapse of time, would constitute such a breach or default, or permit termination or modification, of
any such insurance policies. No notice of cancellation, termination or non-renewal has been received by AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries
with respect to any such insurance policies.

3.16. Tax
Matters.

For
purposes of this Section 3.16, all reference to AGIG shall be deemed to include references to the Subsidiaries of AGIG.

(a) All
Tax Returns required to be filed by AGIG have been duly and timely filed, all such Tax Returns are true, correct, and complete in all
material respects, and all Taxes required to be paid by AGIG (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been duly and timely paid.
There is no power of attorney with respect to Taxes that could affect the AGIG after the Closing. As of the Balance Sheet Date, AGIG
had no Liability for unpaid Taxes relating to the business of AGIG that have not been accrued or reserved on the Financial Statements,
and AGIG has not incurred any Liability for Taxes other than in the ordinary course of business since the Balance Sheet Date.

(b) There
has never been any Proceeding with respect to Taxes of AGIG, and no such Proceeding has ever been threatened. Neither AGIG nor any of
its directors, officers, or employees responsible for Tax matters expect any Governmental Authority to assess any additional Taxes for
any taxable period for which Tax Returns have been filed.

(c) AGIG
has duly and timely withheld or collected all Taxes required to be withheld or collected by it, duly and timely paid such withheld or
collected amounts to the proper Governmental Authority, and fully complied with all information reporting requirements with respect to
such withholding and payment.

19

(d) There
are no Liens for Taxes (other statutory Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable) on any of the assets of AGIG.

(e) No
claim has ever been made by any Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where AGIG does not file Tax Returns that AGIG is or may be
subject to taxation by such jurisdiction. AGIG is not subject to any Tax payment obligation or Tax Return filing obligation in any jurisdiction
outside the United States.

(f) AGIG
has not entered into, nor is AGIG bound by, any Tax sharing, allocation, or indemnification agreement. AGIG does not have any Liability
for the Taxes of any other Person under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local,
or non-U.S. Law), as a transferee or successor, by Contract, or otherwise. AGIG has not participated in any reportable transaction
within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b) (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S.
Law).

(g) AGIG
is and always has been properly treated as a domestic corporation for U.S. federal and applicable state and local income Tax purposes.

3.17. Employment
Matters; Benefit Plans.

(a) Neither
AGIG nor any of its Subsidiaries is nor has been (i) a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement, trade union agreement,
works council agreement or other similar agreement (including any such agreement applicable on a national and/or industry-wide basis)
(each of the foregoing, a Labor Contract), (ii) subject to a legal duty to bargain with, or in recognition of, any
labor union, works council, trade union or similar employee representative group (each, an Employee Representative);
(iii) the object of any attempt to organize or obtain recognition with respect to its employees for collective bargaining purposes or
representation by any Employee Representative, or presently operating under an expired Labor Contract; or (iv) party to or subject to
any actual or, to the knowledge of the AGIG Unitholders, threatened, organizing activity, strike, work stoppage, picketing, boycott or
similar activity.

(b) Neither
AGIG nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains, contributes to, or has any Liability with respect to (or
has, within the past six (6) years, sponsored, maintained, contributed to or had any Liability with respect to) any (i) single employer
pension plan that is subject to Section 302 or Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or (ii) any multiemployer plan
(within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA), in each case, for the benefit of any employee. Neither AGIG nor any of its Subsidiaries
has any Liability in respect of, or obligation to provide, post-employment or post-retirement health, medical, or life insurance benefits,
whether under a Benefit Plan or otherwise, to any employee, except as required under Section 4980B of the Code or any similar applicable
Law.

(c) Neither
AGIG nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability with respect to a plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA that could become a liability
of HUSA or any of its Affiliates. There are no participant loans of any employee outstanding under the AGIGs tax-qualified employee
savings plan(s) maintained in the U.S. which will become payable as a result of or in connection with the consummation of transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

20

3.18. Brokers
and Other Advisors.

Except
as set forth in Section 3.18 of the Disclosure Schedules, neither AGIG, any of its Subsidiaries, nor the AGIG Unitholders have retained
any investment banker, finder or broker who would have a valid claim for a fee, brokerage, commission or similar compensation in connection
with the negotiation, execution or delivery of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the consummation of any of
the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

3.19. Business
Records.

All
files, documents, ledgers, instruments, papers, books and records and similar information (whether in paper, digital or other tangible
or intangible form) that are used or held for use by AGIG or any of its Subsidiaries and necessary for AGIGs or any of its Subsidiaries
conduct of its business, including all technical information, quality control records, blueprints, research and development notebooks
and files, customer credit data, mailing lists, warranty information, operating guides and manuals, studies and reports, catalogs, advertising
and promotional materials, brochures, standard forms of documents, product testing reports, manuals, sales and promotional literature,
drawings, technical plans, business plans, budget projections, price lists, customer and supplier lists and records (including correspondence),
referral sources (the Business Records), but excluding any minute books, stock ledgers, financial records, Tax records
and other materials that AGIG is required by Law to retain have been kept in the ordinary course of business and are true, complete and
correct in all material respects. Copies of such Business Records have been made available to HUSA.

3.20. AGIG
Unitholder Investment Acknowledgments.

(a) The
AGIG Unitholders acknowledge and understand that the investment in any shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement involves
substantial risk and when issued by HUSA in accordance with this Agreement (i) will not be registered for sale under the Securities Act
or any other applicable securities Laws, and (ii) may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except in compliance with the registration
requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable securities Laws or pursuant to an exemption therefrom, and in each case in
compliance with the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

(b) The
AGIG Unitholders acknowledge and understand that they are acquiring any shares of Common Stock for their own account, for investment
purposes only and not with a view toward, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof, or with any present intention of
distributing or selling any shares of Common Stock, in each case, in violation of the federal Securities Laws or any other applicable
Law. The AGIG Unitholders represent that each of them is an Accredited Investor as that term is defined in Rule 501 of
Regulation D of the Securities Act.

(c) The
AGIG Unitholders understand and agree that the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement may not be transferred, sold,
offered for sale, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of without registration under the Securities Act and any other provision
of applicable United States federal, United States state, or other Law or pursuant to an applicable exemption therefrom.

21

(d) The
AGIG Unitholders acknowledge and agree that any certificates or book entries representing any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant
to this Agreement shall bear a restrictive legend substantially similar to the following (together with any other legend or legends required
by applicable state or foreign securities laws or otherwise):

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED.
SUCH SHARES MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED, OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR A VALID EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION AND
PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS OF SAID ACT.

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AS SET FORTH IN AN ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO
WHICH THESE SECURITIES WERE ORIGINALLY ISSUED, A COPY OF WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER. SUCH RESTRICTIONS
ARE BINDING ON PERMITTED TRANSFEREES OF THESE SHARES.

3.21. Non-Arms
Length Transactions.

AGIG
is not and none of its Subsidiaries are indebted to any director, officer or employee, agent, independent contractor or Affiliate or
associate (except for amounts due as salaries, bonuses, directors fees, paid time-off/vacation, other remuneration, indemnification
or the reimbursement of expenses, in each case in the ordinary course). Except in the ordinary course, AGIG is not and none of its Subsidiaries
are a party to or bound by any Contract (other than directors or employment arrangements) with, or advances, loans, guarantees,
liabilities or other obligations to, on behalf or for the benefit of, any equity owner or equity owner, director, officer or employee,
or any of their respective Affiliates.

3.22. Related
Person Transactions.

There
are no transactions, or series of related transactions, agreements, arrangements, or understandings in effect, nor are there any currently
proposed transactions, or series of related transactions, agreements, arrangements, or understandings, that would be required to be disclosed
under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

3.23. CFIUS
Representations.

Neither
AGIG nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged in (a) the design, fabrication, development, testing, production or manufacture of one or
more critical technologies within the meaning of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended, including all implementing
regulations thereof (the DPA); (b) the ownership, operation, maintenance, supply, manufacture, or servicing of covered
investment critical infrastructure within the meaning of the DPA (where such activities are covered by column 2 of Appendix A
to 31 C.F.R. Part 800); or (c) the maintenance or collection, directly or indirectly, of sensitive personal data of U.S.
citizens within the meaning of the DPA. Neither AGIG nor any of its Subsidiaries has any current intention of engaging in such activities
in the future.

22

3.24. Exclusivity
of Representations; No other Representations or Warranties.

The
representations and warranties made by the AGIG Unitholders in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are the sole and exclusive
representations and warranties made by the AGIG Unitholders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
other Transaction Documents. The AGIG Unitholders hereby disclaim any other express or implied representations or warranties.

ARTICLE
IV.

REPRESENTATIONS OF HUSA

HUSA
represents and warrants to the AGIG Unitholders, subject to the disclosures and exceptions set forth in the disclosure schedules delivered
by HUSA to the AGIG Unitholders concurrently herewith (the HUSA Disclosure Schedules), as of the Signing Date and
as of the Closing Date, as follows:

4.1. Corporate
Existence.

HUSA
is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. HUSA has the requisite
corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, rights and assets related to its business and to conduct its
business as the same is now being conducted by it. HUSA is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation under the Laws of all
jurisdictions where the nature of its business or location of its assets requires such qualification and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except as would not be reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect.

4.2. Corporate
Authority.

(a) This
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which HUSA is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby involving HUSA have been duly authorized by HUSA by all requisite corporate action. HUSA has all corporate power and authority
to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations thereunder. This Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered by HUSA, and the other Transaction Documents will be duly executed and delivered by HUSA, and this Agreement
constitutes, and the other Transaction Documents when so executed and delivered will constitute, a valid and legally binding obligation
of HUSA, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.

(b) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by HUSA, the performance by HUSA of its obligations hereunder
and thereunder and the consummation by HUSA of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) violate or conflict
with any provision of the respective certificate of incorporation or by-laws or similar organizational documents of HUSA, (ii) result
in any violation or breach or constitute any default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right
of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or to the loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation
of any Lien under any contract, indenture, mortgage, lease, note or other agreement or instrument to which HUSA is subject or is a party,
or (iii) violate, conflict with or result in any breach under any provision of any Law applicable to HUSA or any of its properties or
assets, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the extent that any such default, violation, conflict, breach or loss would
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on HUSAs ability to consummate
the transactions contemplated under this Agreement or to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
to which HUSA is a party. Except for obtaining the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by holders of issued shares of Common
Stock at a duly convened and held stockholders meeting of HUSA at which a quorum is present (i) approving the amendment of HUSAs
certificate of incorporation as contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) approving the reverse stock split, (iii) approving the issuance
of the Exchange Shares in connection with the transactions contemplated hereof, and (iv) any other resolutions required by Law or the
rules and regulations of the SEC or the NYSE American (the HUSA Stockholder Approval), no other corporate action
or proceeding on the part of HUSA is necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by HUSA of this Agreement and the
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby.

4.3. Capitalization.

(a) The
authorized capital stock of HUSA consists of (i) 20,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 15,686,533 shares are outstanding, and (ii)
10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which no shares are outstanding. All of such issued and outstanding
shares of HUSA are fully paid and nonassessable.

(b) Except
as set forth in Section 4.3(b) of the HUSA Disclosure Schedules (A) no shares of Common Stock of HSUA are subject to preemptive rights
or any other similar rights or any Liens suffered or permitted by the Company; (B) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip,
rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable
or exercisable for, any Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which HUSA is or may become bound
to issue additional Common Stock, or options, warrants or scrip for rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, any Common Stock; (C) there are no agreements
or arrangements under which HUSA is obligated to register the sale of any of its securities under the Securities Act; (D) there are no
outstanding securities or instruments of HUSA that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which HUSA is or may become bound to redeem a security of HUSA and no other shareholder or similar
agreement to which HUSA is a party; (E) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will
or may be triggered by the issuance of the Exchange Shares; and (F) HUSA does not have any share appreciation rights or phantom
share plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.

23

4.4. Solvency.

As
of and immediately after the Closing, HUSA (excluding AGIG and its Subsidiaries) is and will be able to pay its debts as they become
due in the ordinary course of business and will own assets having a present fair saleable value greater than its stated Liabilities and
identified contingent Liabilities, including any contingent Liabilities, HUSA may have in respect of any actual or alleged violation
or noncompliance of Law by HUSA. Immediately after the Closing, HUSA (excluding AGIG and its Subsidiaries) will have adequate capital
to carry on its business and to perform its obligations under its Contracts. HUSA has not incurred, does not intend to incur, and does
not reasonably believe it will incur debts beyond its ability to pay as such debts mature or become due. No transfer of property is being
made and no obligation is being incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder, delay or defraud either present
or future creditors of HUSA or to prevent HUSA from performing its obligations under its Contracts.

4.5. Title
to Assets.

(a) HUSA
owns, and has good and valid title to, or, in the case of leased properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, all tangible properties
or tangible assets and equipment used or held for use in its business or operations or purported to be owned by it that are material
to HUSA or its business. All of such assets are owned or, in the case of leased assets, leased by HUSA free and clear of any Liens, other
than Permitted Liens.

(b) Except
as set out in Section 4.5(b) of the HUSA Disclosure Schedules, HUSA holds all rights, assets and property necessary for the conduct of
its business after the Closing, substantially in the same manner as conducted prior to the Closing.

(c) Where
any material assets are used, but not owned, by HUSA or any facilities or services which are material to the respective businesses of
HUSA are provided to, as the case may be, HUSA by a third party, no event of default has occurred or is subsisting or has been alleged
or is likely to arise which may entitle any third party to terminate any agreement or license in respect of the provision of such facilities
or services.

4.6. Real
Property; Leasehold.

Except
as set forth in Section 4.6 of the HUSA Disclosure Schedules, HUSA does not own any real property. Section 4.6 of the HUSA Disclosure
Schedule sets forth an accurate and complete list of all real properties with respect to which HUSA directly or indirectly holds a valid
leasehold interest as well as any other real estate that is in the possession of, or occupied or leased by, HUSA. HUSAs possession,
occupancy, lease, use and/or operation of each such leased property conforms to all applicable Laws in all material respects, and HUSA
has exclusive possession of each such leased property and leasehold interest and has not granted any occupancy rights to tenants or licensees
with respect to such leased property or leasehold interest. In addition, each such leased property and leasehold interest is free and
clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens.

24

4.7. SEC
Filings; Financial Statements.

(a) HUSA
has delivered or made available to the AGIG Unitholders accurate and complete copies of all registration statements, proxy statements,
Certifications (as defined below) and other statements, reports, schedules, forms and other documents filed by HUSA with the SEC since
December 31, 2021, other than such documents that can be obtained on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Since December 31, 2021,
all material statements, reports, schedules, forms and other documents, including any exhibits thereto, required to have been filed by
HUSA or its officers with the SEC have been so filed on a timely basis. As of the time it was filed with the SEC (or, if amended or superseded
by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing), each of the SEC Documents complied in all material
respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (as the case may be), and the rules and regulations
thereunder, and, as of the time they were filed, or if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, on the
date of the last such amendment or superseding filing prior to the date of this Agreement, none of the SEC Documents contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The certifications and statements required by
(i) Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act and (ii) 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) relating to the SEC Documents
are accurate and complete and comply as to form and content with all applicable Laws, and no current or former executive officer of HUSA
has failed to make the certifications required of him or her. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding unresolved comments
in comment letters received from the SEC or NYSE with respect to SEC Documents. None of the SEC Documents is the subject of ongoing SEC
review and there are no inquiries or investigations by the SEC or any internal investigations pending or threatened, including with regards
to any accounting practices of HUSA.

(b) The
financial statements (including any related notes) contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents: (i) complied as to form
in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC applicable thereto; (ii) were prepared in accordance with
GAAP (except as may be indicated in the notes to such financial statements or, in the case of unaudited financial statements, except
as permitted by Quarterly Report filed on Form 10-Q with the SEC, and except that the unaudited financial statements may not contain
footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments) applied on a consistent basis unless otherwise noted therein
throughout the periods indicated; and (iii) fairly present, in all material respects, the financial position of HUSA as of the respective
dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows of HUSA for the periods covered thereby. Other than as expressly disclosed
in the SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, there has been no material change in HUSAs accounting methods or principles
that would be required to be disclosed in HUSAs financial statements in accordance with GAAP.

(c) HUSAs
independent registered public accounting firm has at all times since December 31, 2021 been: (i) a registered public accounting firm
(as defined in Section 2(a)(12) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); (ii) independent with respect to HUSA within the meaning of
Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act; and (iii) in compliance with subsections (g) through (l) of Section 10A of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board thereunder.

4.8. Governmental
Approvals and Consents.

No
Consent, approval, order or authorization of, license or permit from, notice to or registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental
Authority, is required on the part of HUSA in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any of the
other Transaction Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby except for such consents, approvals,
orders or authorizations of, licenses or permits, filings or notices which have been obtained and remain in full force and effect and
those with respect to which the failure to have obtained or to remain in full force and effect would not have or reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on HUSAs ability to consummate the transactions contemplated
under this Agreement or to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which HUSA is a party.

25

4.9. Litigation.

HUSA
is not subject to any order, judgment, stipulation, injunction, decree or agreement with any party, including any Governmental Authority,
that would prevent or reasonably be expected to interfere with or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents. There are no Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of HUSA, threatened against HUSA or any of its Affiliates that would
reasonably be expected to have a material impact on the business of HUSA following the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

4.10. Brokers
and Other Advisors.

Except
for Univest Securities, none of HUSA nor any of its Affiliates has retained any financial advisor, investment banker, finder or broker
who would have a valid claim for a fee, brokerage, commission or similar compensation from AGIG or its Affiliates in connection with
the negotiation, execution or delivery of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

4.11. Business
Records.

All
files, documents, ledgers, instruments, papers, books and records and similar information (whether in paper, digital or other tangible
or intangible form) that are used or held for use by HUSA and necessary for HUSAs conduct of its business have been kept in the
ordinary course of business and are true, complete and correct in all material respects. Copies of such records have been made available
to AGIG.

4.12. Not
an Investment Company.

HUSA
is not an investment company as described in Section 1.351-1(c)(1)(ii) of the Treasury Regulations.

4.13. CFIUS
Representations.

HUSA
is not engaged in (a) the design, fabrication, development, testing, production or manufacture of one or more critical technologies
within the meaning of the DPA; (b) the ownership, operation, maintenance, supply, manufacture, or servicing of covered investment
critical infrastructure within the meaning of the DPA (where such activities are covered by column 2 of Appendix A to 31 C.F.R.
Part 800); or (c) the maintenance or collection, directly or indirectly, of sensitive personal data of U.S. citizens within
the meaning of the DPA. HUSA does not have any current intention of engaging in such activities in the future.

4.14. Exclusivity
of Representations; No Other Representations or Warranties.

The
representations and warranties made by HUSA or any of its Affiliates in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are the sole
and exclusive representations and warranties made by HUSA and its Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. Each of HUSA and its Affiliates hereby disclaims any other express or implied representations
or warranties.

26

ARTICLE
V.

AGREEMENTS OF HUSA AND AGIG

5.1. Conduct
of the Business of AGIG.

(a) During
the Pre-Closing Period, except as otherwise contemplated by the Transaction Documents or required by applicable law, the AGIG Unitholders
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to and shall cause AGIG to:

(i) operate
and conduct AGIGs business in the ordinary course of business and in the same manner
as such operations have been conducted prior to the date of this Agreement;

(ii) (A)
preserve intact AGIGs current business organization, (B) keep available the services
of the employees, (C) maintain AGIGs relations and good will with all suppliers, customers,
landlords, creditors, licensors, licensees, employees, independent contractors and other
Persons having business relationships with AGIG, and (D) promptly repair, restore or replace
any business assets that are destroyed or damaged;

(iii) comply
with all material legal requirements and contractual Liabilities applicable to the operation
of its business and pay all applicable Taxes with respect thereto when due and payable; and

(iv) (A)
confer regularly with HUSA concerning operational matters relating to its business and (B)
otherwise report regularly to HUSA concerning the status of its business.

(b) During
the Pre-Closing Period, except as otherwise contemplated by the Transaction Documents or required by applicable law, the AGIG Unitholders
shall not, without the prior written approval of HUSA (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) take
or allow AGIG to take any of the following actions:

(i) except
for sales or transfers of AGIGs products in the ordinary course of business, sell
or otherwise transfer, or agree, commit or offer (in writing or otherwise) to sell or otherwise
transfer any interest in its assets or business;

(ii) permit,
or agree, commit or offer (in writing or otherwise) to permit, any interest in AGIGs
assets to become subject, directly or indirectly, to any Lien (other than Permitted Liens);

27

(iii) terminate
(other than by expiration) or amend or modify (other than by automatic extension or renewal
if deemed an amendment or modification of any such contract) in any material respect any
Contract;

(iv) incur,
assume or otherwise become subject to any Liability, except for liabilities (of the type
required to be reflected in the liabilities column of a balance sheet prepared
in accordance with GAAP) incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(v) commence
or settle any Proceeding;

(vi) enter
into any transaction outside the ordinary course of business including any agreement that
could result in the payment by HUSA or AGIG of a finders fee, success fee or other
similar fee in connection with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement;

(vii) incur
or enter into any Contract for Indebtedness;

(viii) dividend
or distribute any cash or assets of any kind to the AGIG Unitholders;

(ix) enter
into any Contract between AGIG on the one hand and any AGIG Unitholders or any of their Affiliates
on the other hand;

(x) trade
in any securities of HUSA;

(xi) enter
into any transaction or take any other action that might cause or constitute a material breach
of any representation or warranty made by the AGIG Unitholders in this Agreement if (A) such
representation or warranty had been made as of the time of such transaction or action, (B)
such transaction had been entered into, or such action had occurred, on or prior to the date
of this Agreement or (C) such representation or warranty had been made as of the Closing
Date; and

(xii) agree,
commit or offer (in writing or otherwise) to take any of the actions described in this Section
5.2(b).

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing contained herein shall prevent the AGIG Unitholders during the Pre-Closing Period from taking any actions to facilitate
the Closing, the Exchange or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

5.2. Conduct
of the Business of HUSA.

(a) During
the Pre-Closing Period, except for the Contemplated Offering and as otherwise contemplated by the Transaction Documents or required by
applicable law, HUSA shall use commercially reasonable efforts to:

(i) operate
and conduct its business in the ordinary course of business and in the same manner as such
operations have been conducted prior to the date of this Agreement;

28

(ii) (A)
preserve intact its current business organization, (B) keep available the services of the
employees, (C) maintain its relations and good will with all suppliers, customers, landlords,
creditors, licensors, licensees, employees, independent contractors and other Persons having
business relationships with HUSA, and (D) promptly repair, restore or replace any business
assets that are destroyed or damaged;

(iii) comply
with all material legal requirements and contractual Liabilities applicable to the operation
of its business and pay all applicable Taxes with respect thereto when due and payable;

(iv) (A)
confer regularly with AGIG concerning operational matters relating to its business and (B)
otherwise report regularly to AGIG concerning the status of its business; and

(b) During
the Pre-Closing Period, except as otherwise contemplated by the Transaction Documents or required by applicable law, HUSA shall not,
without the prior written approval of the AGIG Unitholders (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed)
take any of the following actions:

(i) except
(A) as set forth in Schedule 5.2(b)(i), or (B) for sales or transfers of its products in
the ordinary course of business, sell or otherwise transfer, or agree, commit or offer (in
writing or otherwise) to sell or otherwise transfer any interest in its assets or business;

(ii) permit,
or agree, commit or offer (in writing or otherwise) to permit, any interest in its assets
to become subject, directly or indirectly, to any Lien (other than Permitted Liens);

(iii) terminate
(other than by expiration) or amend or modify (other than by automatic extension or renewal
if deemed an amendment or modification of any such contract) in any material respect any
Contract;

(iv) incur,
assume or otherwise become subject to any Liability, except for liabilities (of the type
required to be reflected in the liabilities column of a balance sheet prepared
in accordance with GAAP) incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(v) commence
or settle any Proceeding;

(vi) enter
into any transaction outside the ordinary course of business, including any agreement that
could result in the payment by HUSA or AGIG of a finders fee, success fee or other
similar fee in connection with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement;

29

(vii) incur
or enter into any Contract for Indebtedness;

(viii) dividend
or distribute any cash or assets of any kind to the holders of Common Stock;

(ix) enter
into any Contract between holders of Common Stock or any of their Affiliates;

(x) enter
into any transaction or take any other action that might cause or constitute a material breach
of any representation or warranty made by HUSA in this Agreement if (A) such representation
or warranty had been made as of the time of such transaction or action, (B) such transaction
had been entered into, or such action had occurred, on or prior to the date of this Agreement
or (C) such representation or warranty had been made as of the Closing Date; and

(xi) agree,
commit or offer (in writing or otherwise) to take any of the actions described in this Section
5.2(b).

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing contained herein shall prevent HUSA during the Pre-Closing Period from taking any actions to effect the Contemplated
Offering or facilitate the Closing, the Exchange or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

5.3. Investigation
of Business.

During
the Pre-Closing Period, and subject to applicable Laws and Section 5.5, the Parties shall be entitled, including through
their Representatives, to have such reasonable access to the properties, businesses, operations, senior management personnel and books
and records of the other Party, as it reasonably requests in connection with the Parties efforts to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. Any such access and examination shall be conducted on reasonable advance written notice in accordance
with Section 9.1, during regular business hours and under reasonable circumstances and shall be subject to restrictions under
applicable Law. The Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Representatives to cooperate with such request and
in connection with such access and examination, and the other Party and its Representatives shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to minimize any disruption to the business of the other Party. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no such access or examination
shall be permitted to the extent that it would require the Party to disclose information subject to attorney-client privilege or conflict
with any confidentiality obligations to which the Party bound solely on the basis that the disclosure of such information would, in the
reasonable and good faith judgment of outside counsel to the Party, violate such attorney-client privilege or conflict with such confidentiality
obligations.

30

5.4. Necessary
Efforts.

Subject
to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, the AGIG Unitholders and HUSA agree to use their respective reasonable best efforts
to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable
Law to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and to use their respective reasonable
best efforts to cause the conditions to each Partys obligation to close the transactions contemplated hereby as set forth in 
ARTICLE VI to be satisfied, including all actions necessary to obtain (a) all licenses, certificates, permits, approvals, clearances,
expirations, waivers or terminations of applicable waiting periods, authorizations, qualifications and orders (each a Consent)
of any Governmental Authority required for the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 6.1(b), and (b) all other Consents
of any Person, necessary or desirable in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
it being understood that neither Party nor any of their respective Subsidiaries shall be required to expend any money other than for
filing fees or expenses or immaterial administrative or legal costs or expenses. The Parties shall cooperate fully with each other to
the extent necessary in connection with the foregoing.

5.5. Public
Disclosures.

A
mutually agreed joint press release describing the terms of this Agreement shall be released promptly after execution of this Agreement
and HUSA shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC, which shall include that press release and this Agreement as exhibits.
Thereafter, unless otherwise required by Law, no press release or other public announcement or comment pertaining to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will be made by or on behalf of any Party or its Affiliates without the prior written approval of the
other Party (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). If in the judgment of either Party upon the advice of outside counsel
such a press release or public announcement is required by Law, the Party intending to make such release or announcement shall to the
extent practicable use reasonable commercial efforts to provide prior written notice to the other Party of the contents of such release
or announcement and to allow the other Party reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance.

5.6. Access
to Records and Personnel.

(a) Exchange
of Information. After the Closing, each Party agrees to provide, or cause to be provided, to each other, as soon as reasonably practicable
after written request therefor and at the requesting Partys sole expense, reasonable access, during regular business hours, to
the other Partys employees and to any books, records, documents, files and correspondence in the possession or under the control
of the other Party or such other Partys Subsidiaries that the requesting Party reasonably needs (i) to comply with reporting,
disclosure, filing or other requirements imposed on the requesting Party or any of its Affiliates (including under applicable securities
Laws) by a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the requesting Party or any of its Affiliates, (ii) for use in any other judicial,
regulatory, administrative or other proceeding or in order to satisfy Tax, audit, accounting, claims, regulatory, litigation or other
similar requirements applicable to such requesting Party or any of its Affiliates, (iii) in connection with the preparation of the financial
statements of such Party or its Affiliates or (iv) to comply with its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction
Documents; provided, that such access shall not unreasonably interfere with the normal business operations of AGIG, HUSA or their respective
Affiliates, as applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 5.6(a), no Party shall be required
to provide access to or disclose information (x) where such access or disclosure would violate any Law (including any applicable data
protection and privacy Laws) or agreement, or waive any attorney-client or other similar privilege, and each Party may redact information
regarding itself or its Subsidiaries or otherwise not relating to the other Party and its Subsidiaries, and, in the event such provision
of information could be commercially detrimental, violate any Law or agreement or waive any attorney-client or other similar privilege,
the Parties shall take all commercially reasonable measures to permit the compliance with such obligations in a manner that avoids any
such harm or consequence, or (y) in the event of a dispute between the AGIG Unitholders or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and
HUSA or any of its Affiliates, on the other hand, except as would be required by applicable civil process or applicable discovery rules.
To the extent that either Party is provided access to personal data by the other Party pursuant to this Section, the receiving Party
shall (without prejudice to the foregoing obligations set forth in this Section 5.6(a)) comply with all applicable data protection
and privacy laws with respect to such personal data. The AGIG Unitholders shall, and cause AGIG to, furnish to HUSA furnish all information
as may be reasonably requested by HUSA in connection with the preparation and submission of the Proxy Statement and the responses to
any comments from the SEC with respect to the Proxy Statement and shall use reasonable best efforts to ensure that the information concerning
the AGIG Unitholders and AGIG contained in the Proxy Statement is true and correct in all material respects and doesnt omit any
information necessary to make such information misleading and complies in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act.

31

(b) Ownership
of Information. Any information owned by a Party that is provided to a requesting Party pursuant to this Section 5.6
shall be deemed to remain the property of the providing Party. Unless specifically set forth herein, nothing contained in this Agreement
shall be construed as granting or conferring rights of license or otherwise in any such information.

(c) Record
Retention. Except as otherwise provided herein, and to the extent permitted by applicable data protection and privacy Law, each Party
agrees to retain the books, records, documents, instruments, accounts, correspondence, writings, evidences of title and other papers
(the Books and Records) in their respective possession or control for a period of six (6) years, following the Closing
Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Party may destroy or otherwise dispose of any Books and Records in accordance with its record
retention policies consistent with past practice and/or applicable data protection and privacy Laws, provided that, prior to such destruction
or disposal (i) such Party shall provide no less than 30 days prior written notice to the other Party of any such proposed destruction
or disposal (which notice shall specify in reasonable detail which of the Books and Records is proposed to be so destroyed or disposed
of), and (ii) if a recipient of such notice shall request in writing prior to the scheduled date for such destruction or disposal that
any of the information proposed to be destroyed or disposed of be delivered to such recipient, such Party proposing the destruction or
disposal shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, arrange for the delivery of such of the Books and Records as was requested by the
recipient (it being understood that all reasonable out of pocket costs associated with the delivery of the requested Books and Records
shall be paid by such recipient).

(d) Access
to Data Room. Until the earlier of termination of this Agreement and the Closing Date, the AGIG Unitholders will not remove any of
the documents from the Data Room provided in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

(e) Other
Agreements Providing for Exchange of Information. The rights and obligations granted under this Section 5.6 are subject
to any specific limitations, qualifications or additional provisions on the sharing, exchange or confidential treatment of information
set forth in this Agreement.

(f) Confidential
Information; Public Disclosure. The Parties shall ensure that, on and at all times after the Closing Date, each Party keeps strictly
confidential and does not use or disclose to any other Person, any non-public document or other non-public information that relates directly
or indirectly to AGIG, HUSA, the AGIG Unitholders or any their respective Affiliates, unless otherwise required by Law.

5.7. Notification.

At
all times prior to Closing, the AGIG Unitholders shall promptly notify HUSA in writing of: (a) the discovery by the AGIG Unitholders
of any event, condition, fact or circumstance that occurred or existed on or prior to the date of this Agreement and that caused or constitutes
a breach of any representation or warranty made by the AGIG Unitholders in this Agreement; (b) any event, condition, fact or circumstance
that occurs, arises or exists after the date of this Agreement and that would cause or constitute a breach of any representation or warranty
made by the AGIG Unitholders in this Agreement if (i) such representation or warranty had been made as of the time of the occurrence,
existence or discovery of such event, condition, fact or circumstance, or (ii) such event, condition, fact or circumstance had occurred,
arisen or existed on or prior to the date of this Agreement; (c) any breach of any covenant or obligation of the AGIG Unitholders; and
(d) any event, condition, fact or circumstance that may make the timely satisfaction of any of the conditions set forth in ARTICLE
VI impossible or unlikely. No such notification shall be deemed to supplement or amend this Agreement, including for purposes of
determining (i) the accuracy of any representation or warranty made by the AGIG Unitholders in this Agreement or in the officers
certificate referred to in Section 6.2(c), or (ii) whether any of the conditions set forth in ARTICLE VI has been satisfied.

5.8. Meeting
of Stockholders.

HUSA
shall (i) establish a record date for a meeting of its stockholders (the HUSA Stockholders Meeting) for the purpose
of seeking the HUSA Stockholder Approval, which record date shall be as promptly as possible following the date hereof, (ii) file a preliminary
proxy statement with respect to the HUSA Stockholders Meeting (such proxy statement and any amendment thereof or supplement thereto,
the Proxy Statement) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within ten (10) Business Days from the Signing
Date or as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving all of the information it needs from AGIG for the proxy, (iii) duly convene
and give notice of the HUSA Stockholders Meeting as promptly as practicable, and mail the Proxy Statement to the stockholders of HUSA
of record on the record date for the HUSA Stockholders Meeting, and (iv) hold the HUSA Stockholders Meeting, and use commercially reasonable
efforts to solicit the HUSA Stockholder Approval. HUSA shall schedule the HUSA Stockholders Meeting to be held within twenty five (25)
days of the initial mailing of the Proxy Statement; provided, however, that HUSA may postpone, recess or adjourn the HUSA Stockholders
Meeting (i) with the consent of the AGIG Unitholders, (ii) to ensure that any required supplement or amendment to the Proxy Statement
is provided to the stockholder of HUSA within a reasonable amount of time in advance of the HUSA Stockholders Meeting, (iii) if there
are not sufficient affirmative votes in person or by proxy at such meeting to constitute a quorum or to obtain the HUSA Stockholder Approval,
to allow reasonable additional time for solicitation of proxies for purposes of obtaining a quorum or the HUSA Stockholder Approval,
as applicable, or (iv) as may be required by applicable Law or the charter documents of HUSA.

32

5.9. Monthly
Financial Statements.

Within
10 Business Days after then end of each month after December 2024, the AGIG Unitholders shall provide to HUSA a monthly unaudited consolidated
balance sheet and a monthly unaudited consolidated statement of operations of AGIG for each such month and when delivered such financial
statements shall be included in the definition of Financial Statements.

5.10. Reverse
Stock Split; Certificate of Incorporation Amendment; Stock Exchange Listing.

(a) HUSA
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to amend its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of
Incorporation) to effect a reverse stock split of Common Stock, at a ratio to be determined by the board of directors of HUSA,
in order for HUSA to comply with NYSE American listing standards (the Reverse Stock Split).

(b) HUSA
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to amend its Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Common
Stock to allow HUSA to issue the Exchange Shares.

(c) HUSA
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Exchange Shares to be approved for listing on the NYSE American, subject to official
notice of issuance, prior to the Effective Time. Prior to the Closing, HUSA shall submit an additional listing application with NYSE
American (the NYSE Listing Application) with respect to the Exchange Shares. HUSA shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to have the NYSE Listing Application approved (subject to official notice of issuance) as promptly as practicable after such
submission (including by responding to comments of NYSE American). Each of HUSA and the AGIG Unitholders shall furnish all information
as may be reasonably requested by the other Party in connection with any such action and the preparation and submission of the NYSE Listing
Application. No submission of, or amendment or supplement to, the NYSE Listing Application will be made by any Party without providing
the other Parties with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment thereon. In addition, each Party agrees to provide the other Party
and its legal counsel with copies of any written comments, and shall inform the other Party of any oral comments, that such Party or
its counsel may receive from time to time from NYSE American or its staff with respect to the NYSE Listing Application promptly after
receipt of such comments, and any written or oral responses thereto. Each Party and their respective counsel shall be given a reasonable
opportunity to review any such written responses and each Party shall give due consideration to the additions, deletions or changes suggested
thereto by the other Party and their respective counsel.

5.11. Insurance.

The
Parties shall cause HUSA, at HUSAs sole expense, to: (i) obtain as of Closing tail insurance policy with a claims
period of six years from the Closing with at least the same coverage and amounts and containing terms and conditions that are not less
advantageous to the directors and officers of HUSA, in each case with respect to claims arising out of or relating to events which occurred
before or at the Closing (including in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement). The premium for the tail
insurance policy shall be paid by HUSA on or prior to the Closing.

33

5.12. HUSA
Board Members Post Closing.

(a) The
Parties shall take all necessary action, including causing the directors of HUSA to resign, if necessary, so that effective as of the
Effective Time, the HUSAs board of directors (the Post-Closing HUSA Board) will consist of five (5) individuals.
Effective as of the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of HUSA shall appoint AGIGs Chief Executive Officer, Edward Gillespie,
to the HUSA Board of Directors. At or prior to the Closing, HUSA will provide Mr. Gillespie with a customary director indemnification
agreement, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to such individual.

(b) HUSA
shall deliver the Resignation Letters at the Closing, pursuant to which two of the HUSA Directors (Stephen P. Hartzell and R. Keith Grimes)
will resign, and the Chief Executive Officer of HUSA (Peter Longo) will resign as CEO, but not as a director, in each case within 45
days from the Closing. In accordance with the Bylaws of HUSA, the HUSA Board of Directors shall appoint two persons nominated by AGIG
whom shall be required to qualify as an independent director (as defined under NYSE American rules) to fill the vacancies
left by such resignations.

ARTICLE
VI.

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

6.1. Conditions
Precedent to Obligations of HUSA and the AGIG Unitholders.

The
respective obligations of the Parties to consummate and cause the consummation of the Exchange shall be subject to the satisfaction (or
mutual waiver, in whole or in part, by the Parties, to the extent permitted by applicable Law), at or prior to the Closing, of each of
the following conditions:

(a) No
Injunction, Etc. No Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered
any Law that is in effect on the Closing Date that has or would have the effect of prohibiting or enjoining the Exchange or the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or making the Exchange or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement illegal;

(b) Governmental
Approvals. HUSA and the AGIG Unitholders shall have timely obtained from each Governmental Authority all approvals, waivers and consents,
if any, necessary for consummation of, or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby;

(c) NYSE
Listing Application. HUSA shall have filed the NYSE Listing Application and taken all necessary actions to effectuate the Reverse
Stock Split, in order to satisfy the applicable NYSE American listing standards for HUSA following the Exchange and NYSE shall have approved
such listing of HUSAs Common Stock following the effective date of the Reverse Stock Split;

34

(d) HUSA
Stockholder Approval. The HUSA Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained;

(e) No
Litigation. There shall not be pending any suit, action, or proceeding challenging or seeking to restrain, limit or prohibit any
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or seeking to obtain from the AGIG Unitholders or HUSA in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement any material damages or material commitments;

(f) Certain
Consents. The approvals, consents, ratifications or waivers listed in Schedule 6.1(f), in each case in a form reasonably
satisfactory to HUSA, shall have been obtained; and

(g) Appointment
to the Board. The members of the Post-Closing HUSA Board shall have been elected or appointed as of the Closing consistent with the
requirements of Section 5.12.

6.2. Conditions
Precedent to Obligation of HUSA.

The
obligation of HUSA to consummate and cause the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the
satisfaction (or waiver, in whole or in part, by HUSA in its sole discretion, to the extent permitted by applicable Law), at or prior
to the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

(a) Accuracy
of Representations and Warranties of the AGIG Unitholders. (i) The representations and warranties of the AGIG Unitholders contained
in this Agreement (other than AGIG Fundamental Representations) (disregarding any exception or qualification of such representations
and warranties that that are qualified by the terms material, in all material respects, Material Adverse
Effect, or similar words or phrases) shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing as if made
as of the Closing (except to the extent such representations and warranties by their terms speak as of an earlier date, in which case
they shall be true and correct as of such date), in all material respects, and (ii) the AGIG Fundamental Representations shall be true
and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing as if made as of the Closing (except to the extent such representations
and warranties by their terms speak as of an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such date), other than
as would have a de minimis impact;

(b) Covenants
of the AGIG Unitholders. The AGIG Unitholders shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants contained
in this Agreement to be performed by them at or prior to the Closing;

(c) Officers
Certificate. HUSA shall have received a certificate signed by an authorized executive officers of the AGIG Unitholders, dated the
Closing Date, to the effect that the conditions specified in Sections 6.2(a), 6.2(b), and 6.2(e) are satisfied;

(d) Secretarys
Certificate. HUSA shall have received a certificate of the secretaries (or equivalent officer) of the AGIG Unitholders certifying
that attached thereto are (i) true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the board of managers of the AGIG Unitholders authorizing
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the Exchange and other transactions contemplated hereby,
and that all such resolutions are in full force and effect and are all the resolutions adopted in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, and (ii) true and complete copies of the certificate of incorporation and by-laws or other charter documents of each
AGIG Unitholder;

35

(e) No
Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement, there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to AGIG
that has occurred and is continuing;

(f) Financial
Statements. HUSA shall have received the Financial Statements; and

(g) Closing
Deliverables. HUSA shall have received the deliverables required under Section 7.3 hereof.

(h) IRS
Form W-9. HUSA shall have received a duly executed and completed IRS Form W-9 from each AGIG Unitholder dated on or reasonably prior
to the Closing Date.

(i) AGIG
Unit Assignment. HUSA shall have received a duly executed assignment of all of the AGIG Units in a form satisfactory to HUSA.

6.3. Conditions
Precedent to Obligation of AGIG Unitholders.

The
obligation of AGIG Unitholders to consummate and cause the consummation of the Exchange shall be subject to the satisfaction (or waiver,
in whole or in part, by AGIG Unitholders in its sole discretion, to the extent permitted by applicable Law), at or prior to the Closing,
of each of the following conditions:

(a) Accuracy
of HUSAs Representations and Warranties. (i) The representations and warranties of HUSA contained in this Agreement (other
than the HUSA Fundamental Representations) (disregarding any exception or qualification of such representations and warranties that that
are qualified by the terms material, in all material respects, or similar words or phrases) shall be true
and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as if made as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such
representations and warranties by their terms speak as of an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such date),
in all material respects and (ii) the HUSA Fundamental Representations shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and
as of the Closing Date as if made as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties by their terms speak
as of an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such date), other than as would have a de minimis impact;

(b) Covenants
of HUSA. HUSA shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants contained in this Agreement to be performed
by it prior to the Closing;

(c) Officers
Certificate. The AGIG Unitholders shall have received a certificate signed by an authorized executive officer of HUSA, dated the
Closing Date, to the effect that the conditions specified in Sections 6.3(a), 6.3(b) and 6.3(e) are satisfied;

(d) Secretarys
Certificate. The AGIG Unitholders shall have received a certificate of the secretary (or equivalent officer) of HUSA certifying that
attached thereto are (i) true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the board of directors of HUSA authorizing the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the Exchange and other transactions contemplated hereby, and that
all such resolutions are in full force and effect and are all the resolutions adopted in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby and there, and (ii) true and complete copies of the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of HUSA if not already publicly filed
with the SEC;

36

(e) No
Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement, there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to HUSA
that has occurred and is continuing;

(f) HUSA
Common Stock. The Common Stock (A) shall be designated for quotation or listed (as applicable) on NYSE American and (B) shall not
have been suspended, as of the Closing Date, by the SEC or New York Stock Exchange from trading on NYSE American nor shall suspension
by the SEC or NYSE American have been threatened, as of the Closing Date, either (I) in writing by the SEC or NYSE American or (II) by
falling below the minimum maintenance requirements of the NYSE American;

(g) Listing
Application. The NYSE Listing Application shall have been approved;

(h) Certificate
of Incorporation. HUSA shall have filed the certificate of amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation set forth in Section 5.11(b)
and to effectuate the Reverse Stock Split;

(i) Transfer
Agent Instruction. HUSA shall have delivered the irrevocable instruction letter to its Transfer Agent for the issuance of the Exchange
Shares; and

(j) Closing
Deliverables. The AGIG Unitholders shall have received the deliverables required under Section 7.2 hereof.

ARTICLE
VII.

CLOSING

7.1. Closing
Date.

Unless
this Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to ARTICLE VIII hereof, the closing of the Exchange and the other transactions
hereunder (the Closing) shall take place remotely, at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, and in such other places as are necessary
to effect the transactions to be consummated at the Closing, on the second Business Day immediately following the satisfaction or, to
the extent permitted by Law, waiver of all of the conditions in ARTICLE VII (other than those conditions which by their
nature are to be satisfied or, to the extent permitted by Law, waived at the Closing but subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent
permitted by Law, waiver of such conditions), or at such other time, date and place as shall be fixed by mutual agreement of the Parties.
The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to herein as the Closing Date. The effective time (Effective
Time) of the Closing for tax, operational and all other matter matters shall be deemed to be 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time on the
Closing Date.

37

7.2. HUSA
Obligations.

At
the Closing, HUSA shall (i) deliver to the AGIG Unitholders the Exchange Shares as set forth in Section 2.2, and (ii) deliver
to the AGIG Unitholders the following in such form and substance as are reasonably acceptable to the AGIG Unitholders:

(a) the
documents described in Sections 6.3(c) and (d);

(b) transfer
agent instructions to issue via book-entry the Exchange Shares being issued to the AGIG Unitholders;

(c) the
resignation letters of two HUSA Directors (Stephen P. Hartzell and R. Keith Grimes) and the Chief Executive Officer of HUSA (the Resignation
Letters) prior to the Closing Date, effective within 45 days from the Closing, in accordance with Section 5.12, in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to the AGIG Unitholders; and

(d) such
other documents and instruments (if any) as counsel for HUSA and the AGIG Unitholders mutually agree to be reasonably necessary to consummate
the transactions described herein.

7.3. AGIG
Unitholders Obligations.

At
the Closing, the AGIG Unitholders shall deliver to HUSA the following in such form and substance as are reasonably acceptable to HUSA:

(a) the
documents described in Sections 6.2(c) and (d); and

(b) such
other documents and instruments (if any) as counsel for HUSA and the AGIG Unitholders mutually agree to be reasonably necessary to consummate
the transactions described herein.

ARTICLE
VIII.

TERMINATION

8.1. Termination
Events.

This
Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated herein may be abandoned:

(a) by
mutual written consent of the Parties;

(b) after
June 30, 2025 (the Outside Date), by any Party by delivery of a written notice to the other Party in accordance
with Section 9.1 if the Closing shall not have been consummated on or prior to 5:00 pm Eastern Time on the Outside Date; provided,
however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 8.1(b) shall not be available to any Party whose
failure or whose Affiliates failure to perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other obligations under this
Agreement has been the primary cause of, or otherwise primarily resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or prior to such
date;

38

(c) by
any Party, if a final, non-appealable order, decree or ruling enjoining or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Exchange has been
issued by any Governmental Authority (unless such order, decree or ruling has been withdrawn, reversed or otherwise made inapplicable)
or any Law has been enacted that would make the Exchange illegal;

(d) by
the AGIG Unitholders (by delivery of a written notice to HUSA in accordance with Section 9.1(b)) if (i) the AGIG Unitholders are
not in breach of any of their representations, warranties, covenants or other obligations hereunder that renders or would render the
conditions set forth in Sections 6.2(a) or 6.2(b) incapable of being satisfied on the Outside Date and (ii) HUSA is in
breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other obligations hereunder that renders or would render the conditions
set forth in Sections 6.3(a) or 6.3(b) incapable of being satisfied on the Outside Date, and such breach is either (A)
not capable of being cured prior to the Outside Date or (B) if curable, is not cured within the earlier of (x) twenty (20) Business Days
after the giving of written notice by the AGIG Unitholders to HUSA and (y) three (3) Business Days prior to the Outside Date; or

(e) by
HUSA (by delivery of a written notice to the AGIG Unitholders in accordance with Section 9.1(a)) if (i) HUSA is not in breach
of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other obligations hereunder that renders or would render the conditions set forth
in Sections 6.3(a) or 6.3(b) incapable of being satisfied on the Outside Date and (ii) AGIG is in breach of any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or other obligations hereunder that renders or would render the conditions set forth in Sections
6.2(a) or 6.2(b) incapable of being satisfied on the Outside Date, and such breach is either (A) not capable of
being cured prior to the Outside Date or (B) if curable, is not cured within the earlier of (x) twenty (20) Business Days after the giving
of written notice by HUSA to the AGIG Unitholders and (y) three (3) Business Days prior to the Outside Date.

8.2. Termination
Procedures.

If
any Party wishes to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1, such Party shall deliver to the other Party a written termination
notification in accordance with Section 9.1 stating that such Party is terminating this Agreement and setting forth a brief statement
of the basis on which such Party is terminating this Agreement.

8.3. Effect
of Termination.

In
the event of any termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 8.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become wholly
void and of no further force and effect, all further obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall terminate and there shall
be no liability on the part of any Party (or any Affiliate or Representative of such Party) to any other Party (or such other Persons),
except that the provisions of Section 5.5 and ARTICLE IX of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect
and the Parties shall remain bound by and continue to be subject to the provisions thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions
of this Section 8.3 shall not relieve either Party of any liability for Fraud, intentional misconduct or breach of any of its
representations, warranties, covenants, or other agreements set forth in this Agreement occurring prior to its termination.

39

ARTICLE
IX.

MISCELLANEOUS

9.1. Notices.

All
notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (a) when delivered personally by
hand (with written confirmation of receipt, by other than automatic means, whether electronic or otherwise), (b) when sent by e-mail
(with written confirmation of receipt) or (c) one (1) Business Day following the day sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
for next business Day delivery (with written confirmation of receipt), in each case, at the following addresses (or to such other address
as a Party may have specified by written notice given to the other Party pursuant to this provision):

(a) If
to HUSA:

Houston
American Energy Corp.

801
Travis Street, Suite 1425

Houston,
Texas 77002

Attention: Peter
Longo

Email: pfl@houstonamerican.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Norton
Rose Fulbright US LLP

1550
Lamar St., Suite 2000

Houston,
Texas 77010

Attention: Brian
Fenske

Email: brian.fenske@nortonrosefulbright.com

(b) If
to the AGIG Unitholders:

Abundia
Financial

c/o
Kevin Bower

101
Kings Road, Kings Mountain, NC 28086

Attention:
Edward
Gillespie

Email:
e.gillespie@abundiaglobalimpactgroup.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sullivan
& Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of Americas

New York, NY 10020

Attention:
David
Danovitch

Email:
ddanovitch@sullivanlaw.com

40

9.2. Severability.

If
any provision of this Agreement shall be declared by any court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, all other
provisions of this Agreement and the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances other than those which it is determined
to be illegal, void or unenforceable, shall not be impaired or otherwise affected and shall remain in full force and effect to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable Law, and the AGIG Unitholders and HUSA shall negotiate in good faith to replace such illegal, void or
unenforceable provision with a provision that corresponds as closely as possible to the intentions of the Parties as expressed by such
illegal, void or unenforceable provision.

9.3. Further
Assurances; Further Cooperation.

Subject
to the terms and conditions hereof, each of the Parties agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to execute and deliver, or cause
to be executed and delivered, all documents and to take, or cause to be taken, all actions that may be reasonably necessary or appropriate
to effectuate the provisions of this Agreement, provided that all such actions are in accordance with applicable Law.

9.4. Counterparts.

This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall
be deemed to be one and the same instrument. Copies of executed counterparts transmitted by electronic signature (including by means
of e-mail in .pdf format) shall be considered original executed counterparts for purposes of this Section 9.4.

9.5. Expenses.

Except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, whether or not the Closing occurs, the AGIG Unitholders and HUSA shall each pay their respective
expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

9.6. Assignment;
Successors and Assigns.

This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties to this Agreement and their respective permitted successors,
legal representative and permitted assigns; provided, however, that no Party to this Agreement may directly or indirectly
assign any or all of its rights or delegate any or all of its obligations under this Agreement without the express prior written consent
of the other Party to this Agreement. No assignment by a Party of any obligations hereunder shall relieve such Party of any such obligations.
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Parties and
their respective successors and permitted assigns.

41

9.7. Amendment;
Waiver.

This
Agreement may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified only by a written instrument executed by both the AGIG Unitholders and HUSA.
No waiver by either Party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and executed by the
Party so waiving. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, no action taken pursuant to this Agreement, including any investigation
by or on behalf of any Party, or a failure or delay by any Party in exercising any power, right or privilege under this Agreement shall
be deemed to constitute a waiver by the Party taking such action of compliance with any representations, warranties, covenants, or agreements
contained herein, and in any documents delivered or to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement and in connection with the Closing hereunder.
The waiver by any Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent
breach. The AGIG Unitholders and HUSA may, at any time prior to the Closing, (a) extend the time for the performance of the obligations
or acts of the Parties hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties (of the other Party hereto) that are
contained in this Agreement or (c) waive compliance by the other Party hereto with any of the agreements or conditions contained in this
Agreement.

9.8. Third
Parties; No Benefit to Third Parties.

This
Agreement does not create any rights, claims or benefits inuring to any Person that is not a Party nor create or establish any third-party
beneficiary hereto.

9.9. Governing
Law.

This
Agreement, and all claims or causes of action (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate
to this Agreement or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement (including any claim or cause of action based upon,
arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in or in connection with this Agreement) shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of
conflicts of laws.

9.10. Dispute
Resolution; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) The
Parties hereto agree that any and all disputes, claims or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including the performance,
breach, termination, interpretation, existence or validity thereof (Disputes), and the scope or applicability of
this Section 9.10, including but not limited to the arbitrability of any and all Disputes, shall be fully and finally resolved
by binding arbitration administered by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services or its successor organization (JAMS)
according to the applicable JAMS arbitration rules in effect as of the date when such claim is commenced (i.e., either the Comprehensive
Arbitration Rules for claims exceeding $250,000, or the Streamlined Arbitration Rules for claims not exceeding $250,000). The seat of
the arbitration shall be New York City, New York.

(b) The
tribunal shall consist of one (1) arbitrator, selected by the following procedure: either: (i) HUSA and the AGIG Unitholders shall mutually
select an arbitrator; or (ii) if the Parties hereto cannot agree on such arbitrator, then (A) within fourteen (14) days of the filing
of the notice of arbitration, each of HUSA and the AGIG Unitholders shall select and simultaneously exchange the names of five (5) arbitrators,
and (B) within seven (7) calendar days of the exchange of the names, each of HUSA and the AGIG Unitholders may strike two (2) names and
shall rank the remaining candidates in order of preference. The remaining candidate with the highest composite ranking shall be appointed
the arbitrator to solely preside over the arbitration.

42

(c) Each
Party shall bear its own attorneys fees and related costs in the arbitration. The arbitrator shall have no authority to issue
an award of attorneys fees or costs against any Party. The arbitrator shall have no authority to award punitive, special, exemplary,
multiplier or consequential damages, and such damages shall not be recoverable by any other process or in any other proceeding. If any
Party refuses to perform any or all of its obligations under the final arbitration award within thirty (30) days of such award being
rendered, then the other Party may confirm or enforce the final award in any court of competent jurisdiction sitting in New York City,
New York.

(d) Unless
disclosure is required by law or judicial decision, the Parties hereto agree to maintain the confidential nature of all aspects of any
Dispute or arbitration (including the existence of the Dispute, all arbitral proceedings to resolve the Dispute, all documents and information
exchanged in such proceedings, and any arbitral award (interim, final, or otherwise)) except as may be necessary to prepare for or conduct
the arbitration hearing on the merits, or except as may be necessary in connection with a judicial challenge to a final award or its
enforcement. A Party hereto shall not apply for recognition and/or enforcement of the final award in any court unless the other Party
hereto has refused to perform any or all of its obligations under a final award after thirty (30) days of receipt of such final award.
If a Party hereto is required to resort to a court to enforce any or all of its rights under a final award, that Party shall be entitled
to recover its attorneys fees and costs incurred in any such successful enforcement proceedings.

(e) THE
PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY
RIGHT EACH SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY CLAIM, ACTION, SUIT, INVESTIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR NATURE ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY ANCILLARY DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY AND THEREBY, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY. EACH PARTY HERETO (I) CERTIFIES THAT NO ADVISOR
OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, AND
(II) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTY HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

9.11. Disclosure
Schedules.

The
Disclosure Schedules are hereby incorporated and made a part hereof and is an integral part of this Agreement. The Disclosure Schedules
have been arranged, for purposes of convenience only, as separate parts corresponding to the sections of ARTICLE III of this Agreement.
The representations and warranties contained in ARTICLE III of this Agreement are subject to (a) the exceptions and disclosures
set forth in the sections of the Disclosure Schedules corresponding to the particular section of ARTICLE III in which such representation
and warranty appears and are a part of this Agreement as if fully set forth herein, (b) any exceptions or disclosures explicitly cross
referenced in such section of the Disclosure Schedules by reference to another section of the Disclosure Schedules and (c) any exception
or disclosure set forth in any other section of the Disclosure Schedules to the extent it is reasonably apparent on the face of such
disclosure that such exception or disclosure is intended to qualify another section of the Disclosure Schedules. Nothing contained in
the Disclosure Schedules should be construed as an admission of liability or responsibility of any Party to any third party in connection
with any pending or threatened Proceeding or otherwise. Disclosures in the Disclosure Schedule shall not establish a standard of materiality
for any purpose whatsoever. Any capitalized terms used in the Disclosure Schedules but not otherwise defined therein shall be defined
as set forth in this Agreement.

43

9.12. Entire
Agreement.

This
Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the Confidentiality Agreement, the Disclosure Schedules and the exhibits hereto and any other
agreements between HUSA and the AGIG Unitholders entered into on the date hereof set forth the entire understanding of the Parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and there are no agreements, understandings, representations or warranties between the Parties or
their respective Subsidiaries other than those set forth or referred to herein or therein. In the event of any inconsistency between
the provisions of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail.

9.13. Non-Recourse.

Except
as expressly set forth in the other Transaction Documents or the Confidentiality Agreement, all claims, obligations, liabilities, or
causes of action (whether in contract or in tort, at law or in equity, granted by statute or otherwise) that may be based upon, in respect
of, arise under, out or by reason of, be connected with, or relate in any manner to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution, or
performance of this Agreement (including any representation or warranty made in, in connection with, or as an inducement to, this Agreement),
may be made only against (and such representations and warranties are those solely of) the Persons that are expressly identified as parties
in the preamble to this Agreement (the Contracting Parties). No Person who is not a Contracting Party, including
any current, former or future equityholder, incorporator, controlling person, general or limited partner, member, Affiliate, or assignee
or Representative of, and any financial advisor or lender to, any Contracting Party, or any current, former or future equityholder, incorporator,
controlling person, general or limited partner, Affiliate, or assignee or Representative of, and any financial advisor or lender to,
any of the foregoing or any of their respective successors, predecessors or assigns (or any successors, predecessors or assigns of the
foregoing) (collectively, the Nonparty Affiliates), shall have any Liability (whether in contract or in tort, at
law or in equity, granted by statute or otherwise) for any claims, causes of action, obligations, or liabilities arising under, out of,
in connection with, or related in any manner to this Agreement or based on, in respect of, or by reason of this Agreement or its negotiation,
execution, performance, or breach (other than as expressly set forth in the other Transaction Documents or the Confidentiality Agreement),
and, to the maximum extent permitted by Law, each Contracting Party hereby waives and releases all such Liabilities, claims, causes of
action, and obligations arising under, out of, in connection with, or related in any manner to this Agreement or based on, in respect
of, or by reason of this Agreement or its negotiation, execution, performance, or breach (other than as expressly set forth in the other
Transaction Documents or the Confidentiality Agreement) against any such Nonparty Affiliates. Without limiting the foregoing, to the
maximum extent permitted by Law, except to the extent otherwise expressly set forth in the other Transaction Documents or the Confidentiality
Agreement, (i) each Contracting Party hereby waives and releases any and all rights, claims, demands, or causes of action that may otherwise
be available, whether in contract or in tort, at law or in equity, granted by statute or otherwise, to avoid or disregard the entity
form of a Contracting Party or otherwise impose liability of a Contracting Party on any Nonparty Affiliate, whether granted by statute
or based on theories of equity, agency, control, instrumentality, alter ego, domination, sham, single business enterprise, piercing the
veil, unfairness, undercapitalization, or otherwise, in each case, arising under, out of, in connection with, or related in any manner
to this Agreement or based on, in respect of, or by reason of this Agreement or its negotiation, execution, performance, or breach and
(ii) each Contracting Party disclaims any reliance upon any Nonparty Affiliates with respect to the performance of this Agreement or
any representation or warranty made in, in connection with, or as an inducement to this Agreement.

44

9.14. Waiver
and Release of Claims.

(a) Subject
to Section 9.14(b), in consideration of the covenants, agreements and undertaking each Party is entitled under the Agreement,
effective as of the Closing, the AGIG Unitholders and HUSA, respectively, on behalf of itself and each of its Affiliates, and its and
their respective Representatives and successors and assigns, and each of their respective Affiliates, past and present direct and indirect
equityholders, parents, subsidiaries, principals, directors, managers, partners, general partners, limited partners, officers, employees,
trustees, joint ventures, predecessors, successors, assigns, beneficiaries, heirs, executors, personal or legal representatives, insurers,
attorneys, agents and representatives in their capacities as such (Releasing Parties) hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
releases, acquits and forever discharges HUSA and the AGIG Unitholders, respectively, and each of its Affiliates, and their respective
past and present successors, predecessors, assigns, employees, agents, partners, members, Subsidiaries, equityholders, parent companies,
controlling persons, other Affiliates (corporate or otherwise) and legal representatives, including their respective past and present
officers and directors, solely in their capacities as such, and any past and present successors, predecessors, assigns, employees, agents,
partners, members, Subsidiaries, equityholders, parent companies, controlling persons, other Affiliates (corporate or otherwise) and
legal representatives, including past and present officers and directors, solely in their capacity as such, of any of the foregoing (together,
the Released Parties), from any and all claims, actions, causes of actions, Proceedings, Liens, Liabilities, Losses,
suits, counterclaims, offsets, setoffs, of every kind, in connection with the transactions arising up to and including the Closing, whether
in law, equity or otherwise, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected (including any fiduciary duty claims against the Released Parties)
that any Releasing Party now has, has had or could have asserted against any of the Released Parties prior to the Closing or on account
of or arising out of any matter occurring on or prior to the Closing, including any rights to indemnification or reimbursement from any
of the Released Parties (collectively, the Released Claims).

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing in this Section 9.14, the Released Claims shall not include, and nothing contained in this Agreement shall affect
a Releasing Partys rights pursuant to the terms of any Transaction Document. Each such Releasing Party hereby irrevocably agrees
to refrain from, directly or indirectly, asserting any claim or demand or any Proceeding against any Released Party based upon any Released
Claim.

9.15. Section
Headings; Table of Contents.

The
Section headings contained in this Agreement and the Table of Contents to this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not
affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

9.16. Specific
Performance.

(a) The
Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms
hereof and that the Parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement
or to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions hereof, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled
at Law or in equity.

(b) Each
Party further agrees that: (i) no such Party will oppose the granting of an injunction or specific performance as provided herein on
the basis that another Party has an adequate remedy at Law or that an award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for
any reason at Law or equity; (ii) no such party will oppose the specific performance of the terms and provisions of this Agreement; and
(iii) no other Party or any other Person shall be required to obtain, furnish, or post any bond or similar instrument in connection with
or as a condition to obtaining any remedy referred to in this Section 9.16, and each Party irrevocably waives any right it may have
to require the obtaining, furnishing, or posting of any such bond or similar instrument.

9.17. Non-survival
of Representations and Warranties.

None
of the representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive Closing.
This Section 9.17 shall not limit the survival of any covenant or agreement of the parties in the Agreement which by its
terms contemplates performance after the Closing.

9.18. Fulfillment
of Obligations.

Any
obligation of any Party to any other Party under this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents, which obligation is performed, satisfied,
or fulfilled completely by an Affiliate of such Party, shall be deemed to have been performed, satisfied or fulfilled by such Party.

[signature
page follows]

45

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Asset Purchase Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

HOUSTON
AMERICAN ENERGY CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ABUNDIA
FINANCIAL, LLC

By: 

Name: Joseph
M Gasik

Title: Managing
Member

BOWER
FAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC

By: 

Name: Kevin
Bower

Title: Managing
Director

[Signature Page to Share Exchange Agreement]

Schedule
2.2

Exchange
Shares Allocation

AGIG
Unitholder AGIG
Units owned Exchange
Shares to be issued

Bower
Family Holdings, LLC 10
Class A-1 Units 10%
of the Exchange Shares

Abundia
Financial LLC 90
Class A-1 Units 90%
of the Exchange Shares

Schedule
5.2(b)(i)

Conduct
of Business of HUSA

Prior
to Closing, HUSA may divest of its interest in Hupecol Meta.

Schedule
6.1(f)

Certain
Consents

None
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Houston
American Energy Corp. Enters Definitive Agreement to Acquire Abundia Global Impact Group, Expanding into Renewable Fuels and Chemicals

HOUSTON,
TX, February 24, 2025 Houston American Energy Corp. (NYSE American: HUSA) (HUSA or the Company)
today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Abundia Global Impact Group, LLC (AGIG), a company
specializing in converting waste into high value fuels and chemicals. The acquisition supports HUSAs strategy to diversify its
portfolio, expand its global footprint and execute its comprehensive strategy aimed at driving shareholder value through innovation in
the renewable energy sector. The agreement is subject to HUSA shareholder approval and standard closing conditions.

Under
the terms of the agreement, HUSA will acquire 100% of AGIGs issued and outstanding units from AGIGs members and HUSA will
issue to AGIGs members a number of shares of HUSA common stock which shall equal 94% of HUSAs aggregate issued and outstanding
common stock at the time of the Closing. AGIG is preparing to build its first advanced plastic recycling facility in Cedar Port, Texas.
The facility represents the first phase of a structured, capital-efficient growth plan aimed at scaling and deploying AGIGs suite
of technologies for producing renewable fuels and chemicals from waste.

Building
a Scalable, Sustainable Business in Renewable Fuels

The
AGIG acquisition aligns with our strategy to position HUSA into the multi-billion dollar renewable energy market said Peter Longo,
CEO of Houston American Energy Corp. AGIG has developed a commercially ready project for converting waste into valuable fuels
and chemicals, and this transaction gives HUSA shareholders a ready-made platform and project pipeline for future value generation. We
are witnessing the growing momentum of the fuel and chemical industrys transformation into alternative solutions like recycled
chemical alternatives and the highly publicized sustainable aviation fuel market.

A
Structured Path to Growth

AGIGs
Cedar Port facility will serve as the hub for its five-year development plan in the US. This facility will be designed to scale production
capacity while maintaining capital discipline. The companys proven upgrading processes, strategic technology partnerships, and
established industry relationships are expected to provide a clear path to commercialization.

The
consummation of this transaction represents a major milestone for AGIG, demonstrating our commitment to drive shareholder value through
strategic commercial opportunities, said AGIG CEO Ed Gillespie. We are excited to use this platform to support the deployment
and development of our suite of technologies that will assist in the evolution of fuel, chemical and waste markets, providing commercial
alternatives and sustainable products.

Looking
Ahead

HUSA
and AGIG will continue working toward a structured integration and execution plan, with additional updates expected in the coming months
as the acquisition advances toward closing and AGIG further develops its business. HUSA expects to close on the AGIG acquisition early
in the second quarter.

About
HUSA

HUSA
is an independent oil and gas company focused on the development, exploration, exploitation, acquisition, and production of natural gas
and crude oil properties. Our principal properties, and operations, are in the U.S. Permian Basin and the South American country of Colombia.
Additionally, we have properties in the Louisiana U.S. Gulf Coast region. For more information, please visit: https://houstonamerican.com/

About
AGIG

AGIG
develops scalable technologies for converting plastic and biomass waste into renewable fuels and chemicals. AGIGs focus on commercial
readiness, capital efficiency, and strategic industry partnerships supports a disciplined path to growth in sustainable energy markets.

Important
Information About the Proposed Acquisition and Where to Find It

For
additional information on the proposed transaction, see HUSAs Current Report on Form 8-K, which will be filed concurrently with
this press release. In connection with the proposed acquisition, HUSA intends to file relevant materials with the SEC, including a proxy
statement, and will file other documents regarding the proposed acquisition with the SEC. HUSAs stockholders and other interested
persons are advised to read, when available, the proxy statement and documents incorporated by reference therein filed in connection
with the proposed acquisition, as these materials will contain important information about AGIG and HUSA and the acquisition. HUSA will
mail the definitive proxy statement and a proxy card to each stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting relating to the approval of
the acquisition and other proposals set forth in the proxy statement. Before making any voting or investment decision, investors and
stockholders of HUSA are urged to carefully read the entire proxy statement, when available, and any other relevant documents filed with
the SEC, as well as any amendments or supplements thereto, because they will contain important information about the proposed acquisition.
The documents filed by HUSA with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SECs website at www.sec.gov, or by directing a
request to HUSA at 801 Travis Street, Suite 1425, Houston, Texas 77002.

Participants
in the Solicitation

HUSA
and certain of its directors, executive officers and other members of management and employees may, under SEC rules, be deemed to be
participants in the solicitation of proxies from HUSAs stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction. A list of the
names of those directors and executive officers and a description of their interests in HUSA will be included in the proxy statement
for the proposed acquisition when available at www.sec.gov. Other information regarding the interests of the participants in the proxy
solicitation will be included in the proxy statement pertaining to the proposed acquisition when it becomes available. These documents
can be obtained free of charge from the source indicated above.

AGIG
and its directors and executive officers may also be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of
HUSA in connection with the proposed acquisition. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers and information regarding
their interests in the proposed acquisition will be included in the proxy statement for the proposed acquisition.

Additional
information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests will be included
in the proxy statement filed with the SEC. Stockholders, potential investors, and other interested persons should read the proxy statement
carefully when it becomes available before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents from
the sources indicated above.

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information:

This
news release contains forward-looking information and forward-looking statements (collectively, forward-looking
information) within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Forward-looking information is based on managements current
expectations and beliefs and is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those described in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking information in this news release may include, but are not limited
to, statements with respect to (i) AGIGs growth prospects and market size; (ii) AGIGs projected financial and operational
performance; (iii) new product and service offerings by AGIG may introduce in the future; (iv) the potential acquisition, including the
likelihood and ability of the parties to consummate the potential acquisition successfully; (v) the risk the proposed acquisition may
not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price of HUSAs securities; (vi) the failure to satisfy
the conditions to the consummation of the proposed acquisition, including the approval of the proposed acquisition by the stockholders
of HUSA (vii) the effect of the announcement or pendency of the proposed acquisition on HUSAs or AGIGs business relationships,
performance and business generally; (viii) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against HUSA or AGIG related to
the proposed acquisition or any agreement related thereto; (ix) the ability to maintain the listing of HUSA on NYSE American; (x) the
price of HUSAs securities, including volatility resulting from changes in the competitive and regulated industry in which AGIG
operates, variations in performance across competitors, changes in laws and regulations affecting AGIGs business; (xi) the ability
to implement business plans, forecasts, and other expectations after the completion of the proposed acquisition and identify and realize
additional opportunities; and (xii) other statements regarding HUSAs or AGIGs expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
and strategies regarding the future.

In
addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including
any underlying assumptions are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue,
could, estimate, expect, intends, outlook, may, might,
plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should,
would, and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events
that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject, are subject to risks and uncertainties.

With
respect to the forward-looking information contained in this news release, the company has made numerous assumptions. While the company
considers these assumptions to be reasonable, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive,
market and social uncertainties and contingencies. Additionally, there are known and unknown risk factors which could cause the companys
actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by the forward-looking information contained herein. A complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties facing our business
is disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC on www.sec.gov. You should carefully consider those
risks and uncertainties, as well as those described in the Risk Factors section of HUSAs proxy statement relating
to the proposed acquisition, which is expected to be filed by HUSA with the SEC, other documents filed by HUSA from time to time with
SEC, and any risk factors made available to you in connection with HUSA, AGIG, and the proposed acquisition. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond the control of HUSA and AGIG) and other assumptions, that may cause
the actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. HUSA
and AGIG caution that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive.

All
forward-looking information herein is qualified in its entirety by this cautionary statement, and the company disclaims any obligation
to revise or update any such forward-looking information or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking
information contained herein to reflect future results, events or developments, except as required by law.

No
Offer or Solicitation

This
press release relates to a proposed acquisition between HUSA and AGIG, and does not constitute a proxy statement or solicitation of a
proxy and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of HUSA or AGIG, nor shall there be
any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction.

For
additional information, view the companys website at www.houstonamerican.com or contact Houston American Energy Corp. at
(713) 222-6966.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>husa-20250220.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>husa-20250220_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>husa-20250220_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 001-32955

Entity Registrant Name HOUSTON
AMERICAN ENERGY CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001156041

Entity Tax Identification Number 76-0675953

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 801
Travis Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1425

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77002

City Area Code (713)

Local Phone Number 222-6966

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material true

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, Par value $0.001

Trading Symbol HUSA

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://houstonamerican.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
husa-20250220.xsd 
husa-20250220_lab.xml 
husa-20250220_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-007951-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001156041 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001156041 
8-K 
2025-02-20 
HOUSTON AMERICAN ENERGY CORP. 
DE 
001-32955 
76-0675953 
801 Travis Street 
Suite 1425 
Houston 
TX 
77002 
(713) 
222-6966 
false 
true 
false 
false 
Common Stock, Par value $0.001 
HUSA 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>