<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001174947-25-000230.txt : 20250224
<SEC-HEADER>0001174947-25-000230.hdr.sgml : 20250224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250224170218
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-25-000230
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STURM RUGER & CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000095029
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORDNANCE & ACCESSORIES, (NO VEHICLES/GUIDED MISSILES) [3480]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				060633559
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10435
		FILM NUMBER:		25658035

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 LACEY PLACE
		CITY:			SOUTHPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06490
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2032597843

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 2:		1 LACEY PLACE
		CITY:			SOUTHPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06490
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8k-33642_rgr.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000009502900000950292025-02-202025-02-20iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

February
20, 2025

STURM, RUGER & COMPANY, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter)

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

001-10435

(Commission File Number) 

06-0633559

(IRS Employer Identification Number)

One Lacey Place, Southport, Connecticut 06890

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(203)259-7843

Registrants telephone number, including
area code

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions
(see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock RGR NYSE

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

1

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Agreement with Christopher J. Killoy

On February 20, 2025, Sturm, Ruger & Company,
Inc. (the Company) entered into a Second Amended and Restated Severance Agreement (Killoy Agreement) with
Christopher J. Killoy, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

The Killoy Agreement provides for (i) Mr. Killoy
to continue to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company until March 1, 2025, and to resign from such position on such date, (ii)
Mr. Killoy to be employed as Special Advisor to the CEO and Board of Directors following such resignation until March 1, 2028, (iii) the
Company to compensate Mr. Killoy for such services at the rate of $275,000 per annum, (iv) the continued vesting of Mr. Killoys
restricted stock unit awards as if Mr. Killoy remained employed as the CEO of the Company and (v) a prohibition against Mr. Killoy engaging
in certain activities that compete or interfere with the Company during the period he is providing services under the Killoy Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Killoy Agreement
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete terms and conditions of the Killoy Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Agreement with Kevin B Reid, Sr.

On February 20, 2025, the Company entered into
a transition agreement (the Reid Agreement), effective as of June 30, 2025, with Kevin B. Reid, Sr. , who will resign as
Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company effective as of June 30, 2025.

The Reid Agreement provides for (i) Mr. Reid to
continue working for the Company as Senior Counsel until his retirement on June 30, 2026, and (ii) the Company to compensate Mr. Reid
at the rate of $400,000 per annum from June 30, 2025 through June 30, 2026.

The foregoing description of the Reid Agreement
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete terms and conditions of the Reid Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.2
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Transition of Chief Executive Officer Role;
Killoy Agreement

As described in Item 1.01 (above), Mr. Killoy will
resign as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on March 1, 2025, at which time Mr. Todd W. Seyfert will become the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company (as described more fully below). The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 (above) concerning the terms and conditions
of the Killoy Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference herein (qualified, with respect to the description of the Killoy Agreement,
in its entirety by reference to the complete terms and conditions of the Killoy Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference).

2

Reid Agreement;

As described in Item 1.01 (above), Mr. Reid will
resign as Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company effective as of June 30, 2025. The disclosure set forth
in Item 1.01 (above) concerning the terms and conditions of the Reid Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference herein (qualified,
with respect to the description of the Reid Agreement, in its entirety by reference to the complete terms and conditions of the Reid Agreement,
which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference).

Employment Agreement with Todd W. Seyfert

The disclosure set forth in the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed by the Company on January 17, 2025 concerning the appointment of Mr. Todd W. Seyfert as President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, effective as of March 1, 2025, and concerning the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement, dated as of
January 15, 2025, by and between Mr. Seyfert and the Company, is hereby incorporated by reference herein. 

Mr. Seyfert, 55, has served as the President of
Segment Land Vehicles Americas at Dometic Group AB since January 2024. Prior to that Mr. Seyfert served as the Chief Executive Officer
of FeraDyne Outdoors, LLC, a leading manufacturer of premium archery and hunting products, from February 2016 through May 2023.

There were no arrangements or understandings between
Mr. Seyfert and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Seyfert was selected as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and
there are no family relationships between Mr. Seyfert and any director or executive officer of the Company. Mr. Seyfert has no direct
or indirect material interest in any related party transaction required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Second Amended and Restated Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2025, by and between Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc. and Christopher J. Killoy

10.2 Transition Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2025, by and between Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc. and Kevin B. Reid, Sr.

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

STURM, RUGER & COMPANY, INC.

By: /S/ THOMAS A. DINEEN

Name: Thomas A. Dineen

Title: Principal Financial Officer,

Principal Accounting Officer,

Senior Vice President, Treasurer and

Chief Financial Officer

Dated: February 24, 2025

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT

This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of February 20, 2025 by and between Sturm, Ruger & Company,
Inc., a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at One Lacey Place, Southport, Connecticut 06890 (the "Company"),
and Christopher J. Killoy, an individual ("Employee").

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Company and Employee
are parties to an Amended and Restated Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2020, (the "Original Agreement"), which sets
forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which Employee is employed by the Company, the terms and conditions concerning the transition
of Employees responsibilities to his successor upon the conclusion of Employees employment as the Chief Executive Officer
of the Company and Employees agreement to provide consulting services for the benefit of the Company following the conclusion of
his employment with the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Company and Employee
desire to amend the Original Agreement to ensure that, upon the conclusion of Employee's employment with the Company, which the Company
and Employee anticipate will occur in connection with the 2025 annual meeting of the Company's stockholders, there will be a smooth transition
of Employee's responsibilities to his successor, and that the Company will continue to build upon the success achieved during Employee's
tenure as Chief Executive Officer of the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Company recognizes
that Employee has gained extensive knowledge and formed many valuable relationships in his career, and that such knowledge and relationships
have significant value to the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Company and Employee
desire that Employee continue to provide consulting services for the benefit of the Company following the conclusion of his employment
as with the Company, subject to the provisions set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the promises and mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are mutually acknowledged, the Company and Employee hereby agree to amend and restate the Original Agreement to read in full as follows:

Section 1. Definitions.

(a) "Accrued
Obligations" shall mean (i) all accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination of Employee's employment and (ii)
any unpaid or unreimbursed expenses incurred in accordance with Section 6 below.

(b) "Annual
Compensation" shall mean, at any time, an amount equal to Employee's Base Salary, plus 100% of the target cash bonus or other
cash incentive that Employee is eligible to earn in such year pursuant to each plan or program (whether or not such plan or program has
been formalized or is in written form) of the Company in effect for such year that provides for cash bonuses or other cash incentives,
or if no such plan or program has been adopted with respect to such year, 100% of the target cash bonus or other cash incentive that Employee
is eligible to earn in the most recent year in which such a plan or program was in effect.

-1- 

(c) "Base
Salary" shall mean the salary provided for in Section 3(a) below or any increased salary granted to Employee pursuant to Section
3(a).

(d) "Board"
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

(e) "Cause"
shall mean (i) a breach of Employee's fiduciary duties to the Company including, but not limited to, his failure to obey any lawful directive
of the Board, (ii) Employee's personal dishonesty or willful misconduct or (iii) Employee's willful violation of any law, rule or regulation
(other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final cease-and-desist order.

(f) "CEO"
shall mean the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

(g) "Change
in Control" shall be deemed to have the same meaning as defined in the Plan.

(h) "Change
in Control Termination" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

(i) "Code"
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(j) "Company"
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(k) "Competitive
Activities" shall mean any business activities involving, or related to, (i) the design, manufacture or sale of firearms or firearms
accessories or (ii) any other products or services which the Company or its subsidiaries manufacture, sell, distribute or provide (or
have committed plans to manufacture, sell, distribute or provide) during the term of Employee's employment with the Company.

(l) "Confidential
Information" shall mean confidential or proprietary trade secrets, customer lists, customer identities and information, information
regarding service providers, manufacturing processes, product designs or other intellectual property, marketing data or plans, sales data
or plans, management organization information, operating policies or manuals, business plans, operations or techniques, financial records
or data, or other financial, commercial, business or technical information (i) of or relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
or (ii) that the Company or any of its subsidiaries may receive belonging to suppliers, customers or other Persons who do business with
the Company or its subsidiaries, but shall exclude any information that is in the public domain or hereafter enters the public domain,
in each case, without the breach by Employee of his obligations under this Agreement.

(m) "Consulting
Period" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.

-2- 

(n) "Consulting
Services" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a).

(o) "Developments"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.

(p) "Effective
Date" shall mean the date of this Agreement.

(q) "Employee"
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(r) "Existing
RSU Agreements" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(f).

(s) "Good
Reason" shall mean, without Employee's consent, (i) a substantial and material diminution in Employee's title, duties or responsibilities
(provided that Employee's transition to the role of Special Advisor to the CEO and Board of Directors as contemplated herein during
the Term of Employment shall not constitute a substantial and material diminution of Employees title, duties or responsibilities
within the meaning of this clause (i)) or (ii) a breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement.

(t) "Interfering
Activities" shall mean directly or indirectly (i) encouraging, soliciting, or inducing, or in any manner attempting to encourage,
solicit, or induce, any Person employed by, or Person providing consulting services to, the Company or any of its subsidiaries to terminate
such employment or consulting services; provided, that the foregoing shall not be violated by a general advertising not targeted at employees
or consultants of the Company or its subsidiaries; (ii) hiring any Person who was employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
at any time during the twelve (12) month period preceding the date of such hiring; or (iii) encouraging, soliciting or inducing, or in
any manner attempting to encourage, solicit or induce any customer, distributor, insurer, supplier, licensee or other business relation
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to cease doing business with or reduce the amount of business conducted with the Company or
its subsidiaries, or interfering in any way with the relationship between any such customer, distributor, insurer, supplier, licensee
or business relation and the Company or its subsidiaries.

(u) "Parachute
Payment" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14(b).

(v) "Person"
shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust
(charitable or non-charitable), unincorporated organization or other form of business entity.

(w) "Plan"
means the Company's 2023 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, modified, supplemented or superseded after the date of this Agreement (for
the avoidance of doubt, such term shall include any successor plan of the Company that replaces the Plan).

(x) "Release
Expiration Date" shall mean the date which is twenty-one (21) days following Employee's termination of employment, or, in the
event that such termination of employment is "in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program"
(as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), the date which is forty-five (45) days following Employee's
termination of employment.

-3- 

(y) "Release"
shall mean a release made by Employee in favor of the Company and its affiliates, in form and content acceptable to the Company, which
shall include, but not be limited to, appropriate non-disparagement provisions.

(z) "Restricted
Area" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.

(aa) "Restricted
Period" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.

(bb) "RSUs"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(f).

(cc) "Term
of Employment" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a) below.

(dd) "Transition
Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.

Section 2. Acceptance of Employment; Position,
Duties and Responsibilities; Place of Performance.

(a) Term
of Employment; Employment Status. The Company agrees to employ Employee and Employee agrees to serve the Company on the terms and
conditions set forth herein. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of Employee's
employment for any reason (such period, the "Term of Employment"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything to the
contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement (i) confers upon the Employee the right to continue in the employment of the Company or to
the right to hold any particular office or position with the Company, (ii) except as set forth herein, entitles Employee to receive any
specified annual salary or bonus or other compensation or (iii) interferes with or restricts in any way the right of the Company to terminate
Employee's employment at any time, with or without Cause.

(b) Position.
From the Effective Date until March 1, 2025, Employee shall be employed as the CEO of the Company (together with such other position or
positions consistent with Employee's title as the Board shall specify from time to time) and shall have such duties typically associated
with such title and such additional duties as may be specified by the Board from time to time. On March 1, 2025, Employee shall cease
to serve as the CEO, and during the remainder of the Term of Employment hereunder Employee shall be employed as Special Advisor to the
CEO and Board of Directors (together with such other position or positions consistent with Employee's title as the Board shall specify
from time to time) and shall have such duties typically associated with such title and such additional duties as may be specified by the
Board from time to time. Employee also agrees to serve as an officer and/or director of the Company and/or any parent or subsidiary of
the Company if requested by the Board, in each case, without additional compensation.

(c) Employment
Duties; Conflicting Activities. During the Term of Employment Employee shall devote his full business time, attention, skill and best
efforts to the performance of his duties under this Agreement and shall not engage in any other business or occupation during the Term
of Employment, including, without limitation, any activity that (x) conflicts with the interests of the Company or its subsidiaries, (y)
interferes with the proper and efficient performance of his duties for the Company or (z) interferes with the exercise of his judgment
in the Company's best interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall preclude Employee from (i) serving, with the prior
written consent of the Board, as a member of the board of directors or advisory boards (or their equivalents in the case of a non-corporate
entity) of non-competing businesses and charitable organizations, (ii) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs and (iii)
managing his personal investments and affairs; provided, however, that the activities set out in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii)
shall be limited by Employee so as not to materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance of his duties and
responsibilities hereunder. Employee has been given permission from the Board to serve as a member of the Board of Directors of Velocity
Outdoor, a subsidiary of Compass Diversified Holdings.

-4- 

(d) Place
of Employment. During the Term of Employment Employee's principal place of employment shall be in Southport, Connecticut or such other
location as may be designated as the Company's corporate headquarters by the Board from time to time, although Employee understands and
agrees that he will be required to travel from time to time for business reasons.

Section 3. Compensation.
During the Term of Employment Employee shall be entitled to the following compensation:

(a) Base
Salary. Employee shall be paid an annualized Base Salary, payable in accordance with the regular payroll practices of the Company,
of not less than $700,000, with increases, if any, as may be approved by the Board.

(b) Annual
Bonus and Equity Compensation. During the Term of Employment Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual target cash bonus and
awards of restricted stock units or other equity-based incentive compensation consistent with his position(s) with the Company, in each
case, as determined by the Board and the Compensation Committee of the Board; provided that Employee's (i) annual target cash bonus based
on 100% of Base Salary (it being understood that Employees target cash bonus for 2025 will be based on Employees full per
annum Base Salary for such year, and not subject to proration), (ii) annual performance-based equity incentive compensation and (iii)
annual time-based equity incentive compensation, each equity award equal to 125% of his Base Salary for the applicable period (all subject,
in each case, to adjustment by the Board and the Compensation Committee of the Board from time to time during the Term of Employment in
connection with changes to the compensation structure of Company executives adopted thereby).

Section 4. Employee Benefits.

During the Term of Employment
Employee shall be entitled to participate in health, insurance, retirement and other benefits provided to other senior executives of the
Company. During the Term of Employment Employee shall also be entitled to the same number of holidays, vacation days, sick days and other
benefits as are generally allowed to senior executives of the Company in accordance with the Company's policies in effect from time to
time.

-5- 

Section 5. Key-Man Insurance.

At any time during the Term
of Employment the Company shall have the right to insure the life of Employee for the sole benefit of the Company, in such amounts, and
with such terms, as it may determine. All premiums payable thereon shall be the obligation of the Company. Employee shall have no interest
in any such policy, but agrees to cooperate with the Company in taking out such insurance by submitting to physical examinations, supplying
all information required by each insurance company, and executing all necessary documents, provided that no financial obligation is imposed
on Employee by any such documents.

Section 6. Reimbursement
of Business Expenses.

During the Term of Employment
Employee is authorized to incur reasonable business expenses in carrying out his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement and
the Company shall promptly reimburse him for all such reasonable business expenses incurred in connection with carrying out the business
of the Company, subject to documentation in accordance with the Company's policies, as in effect from time to time.

Section 7. Termination
of Employment.

(a) General.
Notwithstanding Section 2, or anything to the contrary herein, the Term of Employment shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i)
Employee's death, (ii) a termination of Employee's employment by the Company with or without Cause and (iii) a termination by Employee.
Upon any termination of Employee's employment for any reason, except as may otherwise be requested by the Company in writing, Employee
shall resign from any and all directorships, committee memberships or any other positions Employee holds with the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or affiliates.

(b) Termination
due to Death. Employee's employment shall terminate automatically upon his death. In the event Employee's employment is terminated
due to his death, Employee's estate or beneficiaries, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the Accrued Obligations. Following such
termination of Employee's employment by the reason of death, except as set forth in this Section 7(b), Employee shall have no further
rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

(c) Termination
by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate Employee's employment at any time for Cause. In the event the Company terminates
Employee's employment for Cause, he shall be entitled only to the Accrued Obligations. Following such termination of Employee's employment
for Cause, except as set forth in this Section 7(c), Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under
this Agreement.

(d) Termination
by the Company without Cause. The Company may terminate Employee's employment at any time without Cause. In the event Employee's employment
is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than due to death) during the Term of Employment, Employee shall be entitled to receive:

-6- 

(i) The
Accrued Obligations; and

(ii) Subject
to the limitations set forth in Section 14(b), within thirty (30) days (or forty-five (45) days in the event that such termination of
employment is "in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program" (as such phrase is defined in the
Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967)) after the date that Employee executes and delivers a Release to the Company, or, to the
extent required by Section 409A of Code, on the first day of the seventh month following such date, as a severance payment for services
previously rendered to the Company, a lump sum equal to twenty four (24) months of Base Salary (at the rate in effect immediately prior
to the date Employee's employment terminates).

Following such termination of
Employee's employment without Cause, except as set forth in this Section 7(d) and Section 7(h), Employee shall have no further rights
to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

(e) Change
in Control Termination. If (i) a Change in Control occurs during the Term of Employment, (ii) within twenty four (24) months after
the effective date of such Change in Control the Company reduces Employee's Base Salary or makes a material change in the nature and scope
of Employee's duties to a level below that in effect immediately prior to the effective date of such Change in Control and (iii) within
ninety (90) days thereafter Employee or the Company terminates Employee's employment (an employment termination that satisfies the foregoing
conditions, a "Change in Control Termination"), then Employee shall be entitled to receive:

(i) The
Accrued Obligations; and

(ii) Subject
to the limitations set forth in Section 14(b), within thirty (30) days (or forty-five (45) days in the event that such termination of
employment is "in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program" (as such phrase is defined in the
Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967)) after the date that Employee executes and delivers a Release to the Company or, to the
extent required by Section 409A of the Code, on the first day of the seventh month following such date, a lump sum equal to twenty four
(24) months of Employee's Annual Compensation in effect immediately prior to the date Employee's employment terminates (without regard
to any decrease in the rate of Employee's Annual Compensation made after such Change in Control).

Following such termination of
Employee's employment, except as set forth in this Section 7(e) and Section 7(h), Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation
or any other benefits under this Agreement.

(f) Termination
by Employee With Good Reason. Employee may terminate his employment with the Company for Good Reason by providing the Company thirty
(30) days' written notice setting forth in reasonable specificity the event that constitutes Good Reason, which written notice, to be
effective, must be provided to the Company within sixty (60) days of the occurrence of such event. During such thirty (30) day notice
period, the Company shall have a cure right (if such event is curable), and if such event is not reasonably cured within such period,
Employee's termination will be effective upon the expiration of such cure period, and Employee shall be entitled to the same payments
and benefits as provided in Section 7(d) above for a termination of Employee's employment by the Company without Cause, subject to the
same conditions on payment and benefits as described in Section 7(d) above. Following such termination by Employee, except as set forth
in this Section 7(f) and Section 7(h), Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

-7- 

(g) Termination
by Employee Without Good Reason. Employee may terminate his employment with the Company at any time. In the event of a termination
of employment by Employee, other than a termination of employment by Employee that qualifies as a Change in Control Termination or a termination
with Good Reason pursuant to Section 7(f), Employee shall be entitled only to the Accrued Obligations. Following such termination by Employee,
except as set forth in this Section 7(g), Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

(h) Benefits.
Upon the occurrence of a termination of Employee's employment pursuant to Sections 7(d), (e) or (f), the Company shall also cause to be
continued, for a period of time equal to the number of months of severance pay due to Employee, such life, medical and dental insurance
coverage as is otherwise maintained by the Company for full-time employees (based on the Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the
date Employee's employment terminates), subject to the limitations set forth in such plans, programs or policies, provided that Employee
shall continue to pay all amounts in respect of such coverage that an employee receiving the same level of coverage is or would be required
to pay (the employee contribution).

(i) Release.
Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Company may require that, prior to payment of any amount or provision of any
benefit pursuant to Sections 7(d), (e), (f) or (h) (other than the Accrued Obligations), Employee shall have executed, on or prior to
the Release Expiration Date, a Release, which Release and any waiting periods contained in such Release shall have expired. In the event
that Employee fails to execute a Release in favor of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective related parties
on or prior to the Release Expiration Date, Employee shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits pursuant to Sections 7(d), (e),
(f) or (h) (other than the Accrued Obligations).

(j) Exclusive
Rights. The severance benefits specified in this Section 7 (i) shall be in lieu of any severance pay or other severance benefit
that the Company may provide to terminated employees pursuant to policies of the Company that may at that time be in effect and (ii) shall
not in any way affect Employee's entitlement to the receipt of a pro-rated cash bonus or other cash incentive that Employee is otherwise
eligible to earn in the ordinary course, during the partial year prior to date of termination, pursuant to each plan or program (whether
or not such plan or program has been formalized or is in written form) of the Company in effect for such year that provides for cash bonuses
or other cash incentives (provided that the Company goals that trigger the obligation of the Company to pay any such cash bonus or other
cash incentives are satisfied).

-8- 

Section 8. Works for Hire.
Employee agrees that the Company shall own all right, title and interest throughout the world in and to any and all inventions, original
works of authorship, developments, concepts, know-how, improvements or trade secrets, whether or not patentable or registerable under
copyright or similar laws, which Employee may solely or jointly conceive or develop or reduce to practice, or cause to be conceived or
developed or reduced to practice during the Term of Employment, whether or not during regular working hours, provided such inventions,
original works of authorship, developments, concepts, know-how, improvements or trade secrets (i) relate at the time of conception or
development to the actual or demonstrably proposed business or research and development activities of the Company or its subsidiaries;
(ii) result from or relate to any work performed for the Company or its subsidiaries; or (iii) are developed through the use of Confidential
Information and/or Company resources or in consultation with Company personnel (such inventions, original works of authorship, developments,
concepts, know-how, improvements or trade secrets are collectively referred to herein as "Developments"). Employee hereby
assigns all right, title and interest in and to any and all of these Developments to the Company. Employee agrees to assist the Company,
at the Company's expense, to further evidence, record and perfect such assignments, and to perfect, obtain, maintain, enforce, and defend
any rights specified to be so owned or assigned. Employee hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its agents as attorneys-in-fact
to act for and on Employee's behalf to execute and file any document and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes
of the foregoing with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Employee. In addition, and not in contravention of any of the
foregoing, Employee acknowledges that all original works of authorship which are made by him (solely or jointly with others) within the
scope of employment and which are protectable by copyright are "works made for hire," as that term is defined in the United
States Copyright Act (17 USC Sec. 101). To the extent allowed by law, this includes all rights of paternity, integrity, disclosure and
withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as or referred to as "moral rights." To the extent Employee retains any such
moral rights under applicable law, Employee hereby waives such moral rights and consents to any action consistent with the terms of this
Agreement with respect to such moral rights, in each case, to the full extent of such applicable law. Employee will confirm any such waivers
and consents from time to time as requested by the Company.

Section 9. Transition.

(a) The
Company and Employee presently anticipate that Employee shall continue to serve as an employee of the Company until the date of the 2025
annual meeting of the Company's stockholders (the "Transition Date"). During the period beginning on the date of this
Agreement and ending on the Transition Date, Employee shall work with the Company's executive team and the Board to facilitate the transition
process. Employee hereby agrees that he shall resign from his position as Special Advisor to the CEO and Board of Directors on the Transition
Date.

(b) Upon
Employee's resignation as Special Advisor to the CEO and Board of Directors of the Company, the Company and Employee anticipate that Employee
shall continue to serve as a member of the Board, subject to the approval of the Company's stockholders and applicable law and the regulations
of the New York Stock Exchange.

-9- 

(c) Nothing
in this Section 9 confers upon Employee the right to continue in the employment of the Company through the Transition Date or the right
to hold any particular office or position with the Company or interferes with or restricts in any way the right of the Company to terminate
Employee's employment as the CEO of the Company or Special Advisor to the CEO and Board of Directors at any time, for any reason.

Section 10. Consulting
Services.

Employee shall perform the Consulting
Services (as defined below) during the period beginning on the Transition Date and ending on the thirty-six (36) month anniversary of
the Transition Date (such period, the "Consulting Period").

(a) Employee
shall provide consulting, advisory and other services (collectively, the "Consulting Services") to the Company at the
request of the Company, including making recommendations on strategy and helping to ensure a smooth transition of the Company's leadership.
The Consulting Services shall include, without limitation, the following:

(i) Employee
shall make himself available to the Company's CEO and the other members of the Company's executive team upon the request thereof to advise
on strategic and other executive matters.

(ii) Employee
shall work with the Board and the Company's CEO to formulate plans which will help to facilitate the transitional requirements of the
Company's new CEO.

(iii) Employee
shall work with the Company's executive team to maintain the Company's relationships with its shareholders and customers, including distributors
and retailers of the Company's products, firearms industry groups and media organizations and participate in meetings and outreach events
with such Persons.

(b) Employee
agrees to perform the Consulting Services contemplated during the Consulting Period in a good and competent manner and to exercise his
professional skill and judgment in accordance with good business practices.

(c) Subject
to the provisions of Section 11 below, during the Consulting Period Employee shall be entitled to pursue other business activities in
addition to his Consulting Services hereunder and his services as a member of the Board, including, but not limited to, serving on corporate
and charitable boards for other entities.

(d) As
consideration for the performance of the Consulting Services during the Consulting Period, the Company shall pay to Employee Two Hundred
Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($275,000) per annum, payable monthly.

(e) The
Company shall reimburse Employee for all reasonable out-of-pocket travel expenses and other direct out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
Employee in performing the Consulting Services for the Company during the Consulting Period with the prior consent of the Company, subject
to Employee's submission of appropriate documentation therefor. Reimbursements shall be payable to Employee in accordance with the Company's
travel and expense policies, as in effect from time to time.

-10- 

(f) The
Company shall, subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board and Employee's continued engagement with the Company
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, make an annual grant to Employee in the spring of 2025 of time-based and performance-based
restricted stock units ("RSUs") for the Company's common stock, par value $1.00 per share, at a level consistent with
the time-based and performance-based RSU grants made to Employee in 2024. The terms applicable to the RSUs granted to Employee in 2025
shall be consistent in all material respects with the terms applicable to the RSUs granted to Employee in 2024 and shall be subject to
such other standard terms and conditions as apply to executive RSU awards made by the Company pursuant to the Plan, as determined by the
Compensation Committee of the Board; provided, however, that if the Compensation Committee of the Board changes the performance criteria
for all executive level performance-based RSU awards, Employee's 2025 performance-based RSU award shall include the same criteria. Further,
all RSU awards previously made to Employee by the Company shall continue to vest as if Employee remained employed as the CEO of the Company,
and the Company and Employee shall amend Employee's existing RSU award agreements (the "Existing RSU Agreements") to
reflect the foregoing.

(g) It
is understood and agreed that Employee shall be an independent contractor in the performance of any and all Consulting Services during
the Consulting Period, and that nothing in this Agreement shall in any way be construed to give rise to an employment relationship between
the Company and Employee during the Consulting Period. Employee understands and agrees that, during the Consulting Period, as an independent
contractor, any amounts remitted by the Company to Employee for Consulting Services rendered are not subject to withholding for federal,
state, or social security taxes. All such taxes and other legally required payments and any insurance required by law (other than health
insurance) shall be Employee's sole responsibility. Employee agrees and understands that, during the Consulting Period, as an independent
contractor, Employee shall not be eligible to participate in, and shall not be eligible for benefits under, any of the Company's employee
benefit plans or programs, provided that during the Consulting Period Employee shall be eligible to participate in any benefit plan arrangements
offered by the Company to the Company's directors, as in effect from time to time. During the Consulting Period Employee shall be solely
responsible for his compliance with all economic, operational, safety, insurance and other requirements imposed by federal, state or local
law with respect to the Consulting Services. Upon termination of the Consulting Period for any reason, the Company shall have no further
obligation or liability to Employee pursuant to this Agreement, other than the payment of any amounts due through the date of termination
of the Consulting Period.

(h) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall have the right to terminate the Consulting Period, in its discretion, in the event
that:

(i) Employee
fails to perform or is negligent in the performance of the Consulting Services due to the Company pursuant to this Agreement;

-11- 

(ii) Employee
breaches any material provision of this Agreement, which breach has not been cured to the satisfaction of the Board within fifteen (15)
days after the Board receives notice of such breach;

(iii) Employee
is convicted of a crime involving moral turpitude, dishonesty, theft, fraud, embezzlement, unethical business conduct, or conduct that
materially impairs or injures the reputation of or harms the Company;

(iv) Employee
is convicted of or pleads nolo contendere to a felony or any other crime involving moral turpitude;

(v) Employee
engages in willful misconduct in connection with the performance of any of Employee's duties under this Agreement, including, but not
limited to, misappropriation of funds or property of the Company, securing or attempting to secure personally any profit in connection
with any transaction entered into on behalf of the Company, or any violation of law or regulations on Company premises or to which the
Company is subject; or

(vi) Prior
to the Transition Date, Employee's employment as the CEO of the Company is terminated by (A) Employee, for any reason, or (B) by the Company,
for Cause.

Section 11. Confidentiality;
Restricted Activities. Employee agrees that some restrictions on his activities are necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential
Information and other legitimate interests of the Company and its affiliates:

(a) From
and after the date of this Agreement, Employee shall not disclose Confidential Information to, or use Confidential Information for the
benefit of, any Person, except (i) to the extent required by an order of a court having jurisdiction over Employee or under subpoena from
an appropriate government agency, in which event, Employee shall use his good faith efforts to consult with the General Counsel of the
Company prior to responding to any such order or subpoena, or (ii) as required in the performance of Employee's obligations under this
Agreement.

(b) Employee
agrees that, during the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and ending on the two (2) year anniversary of the (i) termination
of Employee's employment for any reason prior to the Transition Date or (ii) if Employee's employment is not terminated prior to the Transition
Date, termination or expiration of the Consulting Period (such period, the "Restricted Period"), Employee shall not,
directly or indirectly, individually or jointly, own any interest in, operate, join, control or participate as a partner, director, principal,
officer, or agent of, enter into the employment of, act as a consultant to, or perform any services for any Person (other than the Company
or its subsidiaries), that engages in any Competitive Activities within the United States of America or any other jurisdiction in which
the Company or its subsidiaries are engaged (or have committed plans to engage) in business during the Consulting Period (the "Restricted
Area"). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Section 11 shall not prevent Employee from acquiring or holding
as an investment securities (x) of the Company or (y) representing not more than three percent (3%) of the outstanding voting securities
of any other publicly-held corporation.

-12- 

(c) During
the Restricted Period, Employee shall not, for his own account or for the account of any other Person (other than the Company or its subsidiaries),
engage in Interfering Activities.

(d) Without
limiting the remedies available to the Company, Employee acknowledges that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this Section
11 may result in material irreparable injury to the Company or its subsidiaries for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it
will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely and that, in the event of such a breach or threat thereof, the Company
shall be entitled to seek a temporary restraining order and/or a preliminary or permanent injunction, without the necessity of proving
irreparable harm or injury as a result of such breach or threatened breach of this Section 11, restraining Employee from engaging in activities
prohibited by this Section 11 or such other relief as may be required specifically to enforce any of the covenants in this Section 11.
Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, the Restricted Period shall be tolled during any period of violation of Sections
11(b) or (c) and during any other period required for litigation during which the Company seeks to enforce such covenants against Employee
if it is ultimately determined that Employee was in breach of such covenants.

(e) If
any court of competent jurisdiction shall at any time determine that any covenant or agreement contained in this Section 11 exceeds the
temporal, geographic or other limitations permitted by applicable law in any jurisdiction and renders such covenant or agreement unenforceable,
the other provisions of this Section 11 shall nevertheless remain in effect and such covenant or agreement shall be deemed to be reformed
and modified to the maximum temporal, geographic or other limitation permitted by law under the circumstances, and the Company and Employee
each agree that any such court shall be expressly empowered to so reform and modify such covenant or agreement.

(f) Employee
acknowledges and agrees that (A) the agreements and covenants contained in this Section 11 (i) are reasonable and valid in geographical
and temporal scope and in all other respects, (ii) are essential to protect the value of the business, assets and confidential information
of the Company and its subsidiaries and (iii) will not impose any undue hardship on Employee, (B) Employee has and will obtain valuable
knowledge (including knowledge of the Company's trade secrets, customer relationships and other confidential information), contacts, know-how,
training and experience and such knowledge, know-how, contacts, training and experience could be used to the substantial detriment of
the Company and its subsidiaries, and (C) the markets served by the Company and its subsidiaries include each state within the Restricted
Area and are not dependent on the geographical location of the Company's offices or its employees. Employee further acknowledges that
the Company's agreement to enter into the Agreement and to make the payments and take the actions contemplated herein is conditioned upon
Employee's agreement to the terms set forth in this Section 11 and the Company's agreement to enter into the Agreement constitutes good
and valuable consideration for Employee's agreement to the restrictions set forth in this Section 11.

-13- 

(g) Unless
otherwise agreed by the Company and Employee, in the event that the Company terminates Employee's employment as the CEO of the Company
or Special Advisor to the CEO and Board of Directors prior to the Transition Date without Cause, Employee shall, from and after the date
of such termination, no longer be subject to the provisions of Section 11(b).

(h) In
the event of the termination of Employee's employment or Consulting Services for any reason, Employee shall deliver to the Company all
of (i) the property of the Company and (ii) the documents and data of any nature and in whatever medium of the Company, and he shall not
take with him any such property, documents or data or any reproduction thereof, or any documents containing or pertaining to any Confidential
Information.

Section 12. Injunctive
Relief.

Without limiting the remedies
available to the Company, Employee acknowledges that a breach of any of the covenants contained in Section 11 hereof may result in material
irreparable injury to the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it will not be
possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely and that, in the event of such a breach or threat thereof, the Company shall be
entitled to obtain a temporary restraining order and/or a preliminary or permanent injunction, without the necessity of proving irreparable
harm or injury as a result of such breach or threatened breach of Section 11 hereof, restraining Employee from engaging in activities
prohibited by Section 11 hereof or such other relief as may be required specifically to enforce any of the covenants in Section 11 hereof.
Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the Restricted Period shall be tolled during any period of violation of any of the
covenants in Section 11(b) or (c) hereof and during any other period required for litigation during which the Company seeks to enforce
such covenants against Employee if it is ultimately determined that Employee was in breach of such covenants.

Section 13. Representations
and Warranties of Employee.

Employee represents and warrants
to the Company that:

(a) Employee
is entering into this Agreement voluntarily and that his employment hereunder and compliance with the terms and conditions hereof will
not conflict with or result in the breach by him of any agreement to which he is a party or by which he may be bound;

(b) He
has not, and in connection with his employment with the Company will not, violate any non-solicitation or other similar covenant or agreement
by which he is or may be bound; and

(c) In
connection with his employment with the Company he will not use any confidential or proprietary information he may have obtained in connection
with employment with any prior employer.

-14- 

Section 14. Taxes.

(a) The
Company may withhold from any payments made under this Agreement, including payments made pursuant to Section 7, all applicable taxes,
including, but not limited to, income, employment and social insurance taxes, as shall be required by law. Employee acknowledges and represents
that the Company has not provided any tax advice to him in connection with this Agreement and that he has been advised by the Company
to seek tax advice from his own tax advisors regarding this Agreement and payments that may be made to him pursuant to this
Agreement, including, specifically, the application of the provisions of Sections 280G or 409A of the Code to such payments.

(b) In
the event that any amount otherwise payable pursuant to Section 7 would be deemed to constitute a parachute payment (a "Parachute
Payment") within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and if any such Parachute Payment, when added to any other payments
which are deemed to constitute Parachute Payments, would otherwise result in the imposition of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the
Code, the amounts payable hereunder shall be reduced by the smallest amount necessary to avoid the imposition of such excise tax. Any
such limitation shall be applied to such compensation and benefit amounts, and in such order, as the Company shall determine in its sole
discretion.

Section 15. Set Off; Mitigation.

The Company's obligation to
pay Employee the amounts provided and to make the arrangements provided hereunder shall be subject to set-off, counterclaim or recoupment
of amounts owed by Employee to the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates. Employee shall not be required to mitigate the amount of
any payment provided for pursuant to this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise and the amount of any payment provided for
pursuant to this Agreement shall not be reduced by any compensation earned as a result of Employee's other employment or otherwise.

Section 16. Delay
in Payment.

Notwithstanding any provision
in this Agreement to the contrary, any payment otherwise required to be made hereunder to Employee at any date as a result of the termination
of Employee's employment shall be delayed for such period of time as may be necessary to meet the requirements of section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i)
of the Code. On the earliest date on which such payments can be made without violating the requirements of section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of
the Code, there shall be paid to Employee, in a single cash lump sum, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all payments delayed
pursuant to the preceding sentence.

Section 17. Successors
and Assigns; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.

(a) The
Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. Neither this
Agreement nor any of the rights, obligations or interests arising hereunder may be assigned by the Company without Employee's prior written
consent, to a Person other than a subsidiary, affiliate or parent entity of the Company, or their respective successors or assigns; provided,
however, that, in the event of the merger, consolidation, transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
with or to any other Person, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be freely assignable to, and be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of, each such Person, without Employee's consent, and, to the extent the Agreement has been so assigned, such Person
shall discharge and perform all the promises, covenants, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder.

-15- 

(b) Employee.
Employee's rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be transferable by Employee, by assignment or otherwise, without the
prior written consent of the Company; provided, however, that if Employee shall die, all amounts then payable to Employee
hereunder shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Employee's devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there be
no such designee, to Employee's estate.

(c) No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 7(b) or this Section 17, nothing expressed or referred to in this
Agreement will be construed to give any person or entity other than the Company (and its subsidiaries and affiliates) and Employee any
legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or with respect to this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement.

Section 18. Waiver and
Amendments.

Any waiver, alteration, amendment
or modification of any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid only if made in writing and signed by each of the parties hereto;
provided, however, that any such waiver, alteration, amendment or modification is approved by the Board. No waiver by either
of the parties hereto of their rights hereunder shall be deemed to constitute a waiver with respect to any subsequent occurrences or transactions
hereunder unless such waiver specifically states that it is to be construed as a continuing waiver.

Section 19. Severability.

If any covenants or such other
provisions of this Agreement are found to be invalid or unenforceable by a final determination of a court of competent jurisdiction: (i)
the remaining terms and provisions hereof shall be unimpaired, and (ii) the invalid or unenforceable term or provision hereof shall be
deemed replaced by a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid
or unenforceable term or provision hereof.

Section 20. Governing
Law and Jurisdiction.

This Agreement is governed by
and is to be construed under the laws of the State of Connecticut without regard to conflict of laws rules. Any dispute or claim arising
out of or relating to this Agreement or claim of breach hereof (other than claims for injunctive relief, which shall be governed by Section
12 hereof) shall be brought exclusively in the State or Federal courts located in Hartford, Connecticut. By execution of the Agreement,
the parties hereto, and their respective affiliates, consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court, and waive any right to challenge
jurisdiction or venue in such court with regard to any suit, action, or proceeding under or in connection with the Agreement. Each party
to this Agreement also hereby waives any right to trial by jury in connection with any suit, action or proceeding under or in connection
with this Agreement.

-16- 

Section 21. Notices.

(a) Every
notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the party for whom
it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein
provided, provided that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by Employee to the Company
shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, and all notices or communications by the Company to Employee
may be given to Employee personally or may be mailed to Employee at Employee's last known address, as reflected in the Company's records.

(b) Any
notice so addressed shall be deemed to be given: (i) if delivered by hand, on the date of such delivery; (ii) if mailed by courier or
by overnight mail, on the first business day following the date of such mailing; and (iii) if mailed by registered or certified mail,
on the third (3rd) business day after the date of such mailing.

Section 22. Section Headings.

The headings of the sections
and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part thereof, affect the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement or of any term or provision hereof.

Section 23. Entire Agreement.

This Agreement, together with
any exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto regarding the subject matter hereof.
This Agreement supersedes all prior negotiations, discussions, correspondence, communications, understandings and agreements between the
parties hereto relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Severance Agreement.

Section 24. Survival of
Operative Sections.

Upon any termination of Employee's
employment with the Company or Consulting Services, the provisions of Section 7 through Section 25 of this Agreement (together with any
related definitions set forth in Section 1 hereof) shall survive to the extent necessary to give effect to the provisions thereof.

-17- 

Section 25. Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The execution
of this Agreement may be by actual or facsimile (including by way of PDF files) signature.

* * *

[Signatures to appear on the following page.]

-18- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed
this Agreement as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

STURM RUGER & COMPANY, INC.

By: /S/ KEVIN B. REID, SR.

Name: Kevin B. Reid, Sr.

Title: VP, General Counsel and

Corporate Secretary

EMPLOYEE:

/S/ CHRISTOPHER J. KILLOY

Christopher J. Killoy

-19-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

TRANSITION AGREEMENT

This TRANSITION AGREEMENT (this
Agreement) is made and entered into as of February 20, 2025 but (except as set forth in Section 21) is effective
as of June 30, 2025 (the Transition Date) by and between Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation
with its principal place of business at One Lacey Place, Southport, Connecticut 06890 (the Company), and Kevin B.
Reid, Sr., an individual (Employee).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Employee will voluntarily
step down as Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company as of the Transition Date, the Company desires to
engage Employee and to enter into an agreement embodying the terms of Employees employment from and after the Transition Date,
and Employee desires to enter into this Agreement to accept the terms of such post-Transition Date employment, subject to the terms and
provisions of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the promises and mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are mutually acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the Company and Employee hereby agree as follows:

Section 1. Definitions.

(a) Accrued
Obligations shall mean (i) all accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination of Employees employment
and (ii) any unpaid or unreimbursed expenses incurred in accordance with Section 6 below.

(b) Base
Salary shall mean the salary provided for in Section 3(a) below.

(c) Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

(d) Cause
shall mean (i) a breach of Employees fiduciary duties or obligations to the Company including, but not limited to, his failure
to obey any lawful directive of the Board or Employees breach of his obligations hereunder or under the Companys policies,
(ii) gross negligence in the performance of Employees duties, (iii) Employees personal dishonesty or willful misconduct,
or (iv) Employees willful violation of any law, rule or regulation (other than minor traffic violations or similar offenses) or
final cease-and-desist order, in each case as determined by the Board in good faith.

(e) Code
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(f) Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(g) Competitive
Activities shall mean any business activities involving, or related to, (i) the design, manufacture or sale of firearms or
firearms accessories or (ii) any other products or services which the Company or its subsidiaries manufacture, sell, distribute or provide
(or have committed plans to manufacture, sell, distribute or provide) during the term of Employees employment with the Company.

-1- 

(h) Confidential
Information shall mean confidential or proprietary trade secrets, customer lists, customer identities and information, information
regarding service providers, manufacturing processes, product designs or other intellectual property, marketing data or plans, sales data
or plans, management organization information, operating policies or manuals, personnel information, business plans, operations or techniques,
financial records or data, other financial, commercial, business or technical information, or any other information treated as confidential
(i) of or relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (ii) that the Company or any of its subsidiaries may receive belonging
to suppliers, customers or other Persons who do business with the Company or its subsidiaries, but shall exclude any information that
is in the public domain or hereafter enters the public domain, in each case, without the breach by Employee of his obligations under this
Agreement.

(i) Developments
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.

(j) Disabled
shall mean Employee becoming physically or mentally disabled or incapacitated to the extent that he has been unable to perform his essential
duties hereunder, with or without an accommodation, for a continuous period of four (4) months on account of such disability or incapacitation
in the reasonable judgment of a physician selected by the Board.

(k) Employee
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(l) Good
Reason shall mean the Company, without Employees consent: (i) substantially and materially changes Employees
duties or responsibilities (it being acknowledged and agreed that the Company may reduce or eliminate Employees duties or responsibilities
and such reduction or elimination shall not constitute Good Reason) or (ii) materially breaches this Agreement, and, in
each case, the Company does not cure the event constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days following the date of the Companys
receipt of a written notice from Employee describing such breach, which written notice must be received by the Company within ninety (90)
days following the occurrence of such breach.

(m) Interfering
Activities shall mean directly or indirectly (i) encouraging, soliciting, or inducing, or in any manner attempting to encourage,
solicit, or induce, any Person employed by, or Person providing consulting services to, the Company or any of its subsidiaries to terminate
such employment or consulting services; provided, that the foregoing shall not be violated by a general advertising not targeted at employees
or consultants of the Company or its subsidiaries; (ii) hiring any Person who was employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
at any time during the twelve (12) month period preceding the date of such hiring; or (iii) encouraging, soliciting or inducing, or in
any manner attempting to encourage, solicit or induce any customer, distributor, insurer, supplier, licensee or other business relation
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to cease doing business with or reduce the amount of business conducted with the Company or
its subsidiaries, or interfering in any way with the relationship between any such customer, distributor, insurer, supplier, licensee
or business relation and the Company or its subsidiaries.

-2- 

(n) OSHA
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(a).

(o) Parachute
Payment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(b).

(p) Person
shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust
(charitable or non-charitable), unincorporated organization or other form of business entity.

(q) Release
shall mean a release made by Employee in favor of the Company and its affiliates, in form and content acceptable to the Company, which
shall include, but not be limited to, appropriate non-disparagement provisions.

(r) Release
Delivery Date shall mean the date on which a Release is delivered by Employee to the Company.

(s) Release
Expiration Date shall mean the date which is twenty-one (21) days following Employees receipt of the Release, or, in
the event that such termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program
(as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), the date which is forty-five (45) days following Employees
receipt of the Release.

(t) Restricted
Area shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(b).

(u) Restricted
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(b).

(v) SEC
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(a).

(w) Severance
Agreement shall mean that certain Severance Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2024, by and between the Company and Employee
(as amended as set forth in Section 21).

(x) Term
of Employment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Section 2. Acceptance
of Employment; Position, Duties and Responsibilities; Place of Performance.

(a) Term
of Employment; Employment Status. Effective as of the Transition Date, and provided that Employees employment with the Company
was not previously terminated by the Company with Cause or by reason of Employees death or Disability, or by Employee without Good
Reason, the Company agrees to employ Employee and Employee agrees to serve the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein. The
term of Employees employment hereunder shall commence on the Transition Date and shall continue until the earlier of: (x)
June 30, 2026; or (y) the earlier termination of Employees employment for any reason (such period, the Term of Employment).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement (i) confers upon the Employee the right to
continue in the employment of the Company or to the right to hold any particular office or position with the Company, (ii) except as set
forth herein, entitles Employee to receive any specified annual salary or bonus or other compensation or (iii) interferes with or restricts
in any way the right of the Company to terminate Employees employment at any time, with or without Cause.

-3- 

(b) Position.
From and after the Transition Date, until the end of the Term of Employment hereunder, Employee shall be employed as Senior Counsel to
the Company (together with such other position or positions consistent with Employees title as the Board shall specify from time
to time) and shall have such duties as may be specified by the Company from time to time. Employee also agrees to serve as an officer
and/or director of the Company and/or any parent or subsidiary of the Company if requested by the Board, in each case, without additional
compensation.

(c) Employment
Duties; Conflicting Activities. During the Term of Employment, Employee shall devote his full business time, attention, skill and
best efforts to the performance of his duties under this Agreement and shall not engage in any other business or occupation during the
Term of Employment, including, without limitation, any activity that (x) conflicts with the interests of the Company or its subsidiaries,
(y) interferes with the proper and efficient performance of his duties for the Company or (z) interferes with the exercise of his judgment
in the Companys best interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall preclude Employee from (i) serving, per Company
policy, and with the prior written consent of the Board in each case, on (A) not more than one for-profit companys (public or private)
board of directors (or equivalent in the case of a non-corporate entity) or (B) as a member of the board of directors or advisory board
(or their equivalents in the case of a non-corporate entity) of one or more charitable organizations, (ii) engaging in charitable activities
and community affairs and (iii) managing his personal investments and affairs; provided, however, that the activities set
out in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) shall be limited by Employee so as not to materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with
the performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder.

(d) Place
of Employment. From and after the Transition Date until the end of the Term of Employment hereunder, Employee shall maintain a hybrid
work schedule, wherein he will primarily work remotely, but shall also work from the Companys corporate headquarters as is reasonably
necessary to perform his duties or as may be requested by the Company. During the entire Term of Employment hereunder, Employee furthermore
understands and agrees that he will be required to travel from time to time for business reasons.

Section 3. Compensation.
During the Term of Employment Employee shall be entitled to the following compensation:

(a) Base
Salary. Employee shall be paid an annualized Base Salary, payable in accordance with the regular payroll practices of the Company,
of not less than $400,000.

(b) Annual
Bonus and Equity Compensation. With respect to 2025, in addition to the annual awards of restricted stock units (consistent with his
then-current positions with the Company) that Employee will receive prior to the Transition Date, Employee shall be eligible to earn an
annual cash bonus consistent with his positions with the Company prior to the Transition Date, in each case, as determined by the Board
and the Compensation Committee of the Board. With respect to 2026, Employee shall not be eligible to earn an annual target cash bonus
or receive awards of restricted stock units or any other equity-based incentive compensation.

-4- 

Section 4. Employee Benefits.

During the Term of Employment,
Employee shall be entitled to participate in health, insurance, retirement (including 401(k) plan participation) and other benefits provided
to other senior executives of the Company. During the Term of Employment, Employee shall also be entitled to the same number of holidays,
vacation days, sick days and other benefits as are generally allowed to senior executives of the Company in accordance with the Companys
policies in effect from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to modify or eliminate any benefit
that it offers to its senior executives and employees generally.

Section 5. Key-Employee Insurance.

At any time during the Term
of Employment, the Company shall have the right to insure the life of Employee for the sole benefit of the Company, in such amounts, and
with such terms, as it may determine. All premiums payable thereon shall be the obligation of the Company. Employee shall have no interest
in any such policy, but agrees to cooperate with the Company in taking out such insurance by submitting to physical examinations, supplying
all information required by each insurance company, and executing all necessary documents, provided that no financial obligation is imposed
on Employee by any such documents.

Section 6. Reimbursement of Business Expenses.

During the Term of Employment,
Employee is authorized to incur reasonable business expenses that are ordinary and necessary in carrying out his duties and responsibilities
under this Agreement and the Company shall promptly reimburse him for all such reasonable business expenses incurred in connection with
carrying out the business of the Company, subject to documentation in accordance with the Companys policies, as in effect from
time to time.

Section 7. Termination of Employment.

(a) General.
Notwithstanding Section 2, or anything to the contrary herein, the Term of Employment shall terminate upon the earliest to occur
of (i) Employees death or Disability, (ii) a termination of Employees employment by the Company with or without Cause, (iii) a
termination by Employee with Good Reason or without Good Reason, and (iv) expiration of the Term of Employment on June 30, 2026. Upon
any termination of Employees employment for any reason, except as may otherwise be requested by the Company in writing, Employee
shall resign from any and all directorships, committee memberships or any other positions Employee holds with the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or affiliates.

(b) Termination
due to Death or Disability. Employees employment shall terminate automatically upon his death or Disability. In the event Employees
employment is terminated due to his death or Disability, Employee or Employees estate or beneficiaries, as the case may be, shall
be entitled to the Accrued Obligations. Following such termination of Employees employment by the reason of death or Disability,
except as set forth in this Section 7(b), Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under
this Agreement.

-5- 

(c) Termination
by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate Employees employment at any time for Cause. In the event the Company terminates
Employees employment for Cause, he shall be entitled only to the Accrued Obligations. Following such termination of Employees
employment for Cause, except as set forth in this Section 7(c), Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation or any
other benefits under this Agreement.

(d) Termination
by the Company without Cause. The Company may terminate Employees employment at any time without Cause. In the event Employees
employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than due to death or Disability) during the Term of Employment on or after
the Transition Date, Employee shall be entitled to receive: (x) the Accrued Obligations; and (y) subject to the limitations set forth
in Section 12(b), within sixty (60) days after such termination date, or, to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code, on
the first day of the seventh month following the Release Delivery Date, as a severance payment for services previously rendered to the
Company, a lump sum equal to Employees Base Salary that would otherwise have been payable to Employee hereunder from the date of
such termination until June 30, 2026. Following such termination of Employees employment without Cause, except as set forth in
this Section 7(d) and Section 7(h), Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under
this Agreement.

(e) Termination
by Employee With Good Reason. Employee may terminate his employment with the Company with Good Reason. If Employees employment
is terminated by Employee with Good Reason during the Term of Employment at any time on or after the Transition Date, Employee shall be
entitled to receive (x) the Accrued Obligations; and (y) subject to the limitations set forth in Section 12(b), within sixty (60)
days after such termination date, or, to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code, on the first day of the seventh month following
the Release Delivery Date, as a severance payment for services previously rendered to the Company, a lump sum equal to Employees
Base Salary that would otherwise have been payable to Employee hereunder from the date of such termination until June 30, 2026. Following
such termination by Employee, except as set forth in this Section 7(e) and Section 7(h), Employee shall have no further
rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

(f) Termination
by Employee Without Good Reason. Employee may terminate his employment with the Company at any time, but must provide at least (sixty)
60 days notice prior to termination without Good Reason. In the event of a termination of employment by Employee, other than a
termination of employment by Employee that qualifies as a termination with Good Reason pursuant to Section 7(e), Employee shall
be entitled only to the Accrued Obligations. Following such termination by Employee, except as set forth in this Section 7(f),
Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

-6- 

(g) Termination
upon Expiration of the Term of Employment. Unless earlier terminated hereunder, Employees employment with the Company will
automatically terminate on June 30, 2026, at which time the Term of Employment hereunder will expire. In such event, Employee shall be
entitled only to the Accrued Obligations. Following such termination of Employees employment upon expiration of the Term of Employment,
except as set forth in this Section 7(g), Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under
this Agreement.

(h) Benefits.
Upon the occurrence of a termination of Employees employment pursuant to Section 7(d) or Section 7(e) the Company
shall also cause to be continued, for a period of time equal to the number of months of Base Salary due to Employee thereunder, such life,
medical and dental insurance coverage as is otherwise maintained by the Company for full-time employeesand in the case of tiered
programs, at the same level of coverage previously elected by Employee and in place at the time of termination(based on the Base
Salary in effect immediately prior to the date Employees employment terminates), subject to the limitations set forth in such plans,
programs or policies, provided that Employee shall continue to pay all amounts in respect of such coverage that an employee receiving
the same level of coverage is or would be required to pay (the employee contribution). The foregoing payments and benefits will not be
made or may be treated as taxable income to the Employee where necessary to avoid violating applicable laws, rules, or regulations, including
under the Code. This Section 7(h) does not affect the Companys right to modify or eliminate any benefits provided to its
senior executives or employees generally.

(i) Release.
Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Company may require that, prior to payment of any amount or provision of any
benefit pursuant to Section 7(d), Section 7(e), or Section 7(h) (other than the Accrued Obligations), Employee shall
have executed, on or prior to the Release Expiration Date, a Release, and any revocation period contained in such Release shall have expired.
In the event that Employee fails to execute a Release in favor of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective
related parties on or prior to the Release Expiration Date, Employee shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits pursuant to Section
7(d), Section 7(e), or Section 7(h) (other than the Accrued Obligations).

(j) Exclusive
Rights. The severance benefits specified in this Section 7 (i) shall be in lieu of any severance pay or other severance benefit
that the Company may provide to terminated employees pursuant to policies of the Company that may at that time be in effect and (ii) shall
not in any way affect Employees entitlement to the receipt of a pro-rated cash bonus or other cash incentive that Employee is otherwise
eligible to earn in the ordinary course, during the partial year prior to date of termination, pursuant to each plan or program (whether
or not such plan or program has been formalized or is in written form) of the Company in effect for such year that provides for cash bonuses
or other cash incentives (provided that the Company goals that trigger the obligation of the Company to pay any such cash bonus or other
cash incentives are satisfied). Except in connection with any termination of Employees employment by the Company with Cause or
by Employee without Good Reason, in such event, provided that Employee satisfies the Release Requirement, such partial year cash bonus
or other cash incentive shall be paid to Employee when cash bonuses are paid to the Companys other senior executive with respect
to such year, but no event later than seventy-five (75) days after the end of such year.

-7- 

Section 8. Works for Hire.
Employee agrees that the Company shall own all right, title and interest throughout the world in and to any and all inventions, original
works of authorship, developments, concepts, know-how, improvements or trade secrets, whether or not patentable or registerable under
copyright or similar laws, which Employee may solely or jointly conceive or develop or reduce to practice, or cause to be conceived or
developed or reduced to practice during the Term of Employment, whether or not during regular working hours, provided such inventions,
original works of authorship, developments, concepts, know-how, improvements or trade secrets (i) relate at the time of conception or
development to the actual or demonstrably proposed business or research and development activities of the Company or its subsidiaries;
(ii) result from or relate to any work performed for the Company or its subsidiaries; or (iii) are developed through the use of Confidential
Information and/or Company resources or in consultation with Company personnel (such inventions, original works of authorship, developments,
concepts, know-how, improvements or trade secrets are collectively referred to herein as Developments). Employee
hereby assigns all right, title and interest in and to any and all of these Developments to the Company. Employee agrees to assist the
Company, at the Companys expense, to further evidence, record and perfect such assignments, and to perfect, obtain, maintain, enforce,
and defend any rights specified to be so owned or assigned. Employee hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its agents
as attorneys-in-fact to act for and on Employees behalf to execute and file any document and to do all other lawfully permitted
acts to further the purposes of the foregoing with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Employee. In addition, and not in
contravention of any of the foregoing, Employee acknowledges that all original works of authorship which are made by him (solely or jointly
with others) within the scope of employment and which are protectable by copyright are works made for hire, as that term
is defined in the United States Copyright Act (17 USC Sec. 101). To the extent allowed by law, this includes all rights of paternity,
integrity, disclosure and withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as or referred to as moral rights. To the extent
Employee retains any such moral rights under applicable law, Employee hereby waives such moral rights and consents to any action consistent
with the terms of this Agreement with respect to such moral rights, in each case, to the full extent of such applicable law. Employee
will confirm any such waivers and consents from time to time as requested by the Company.

Section 9. Confidentiality;
Restricted Activities. Employee agrees that some restrictions on his activities are necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential
Information and other legitimate interests of the Company and its affiliates:

(a) From
and after the date of this Agreement, Employee shall not disclose Confidential Information to, or use Confidential Information for the
benefit of, any Person, except (i) as required in the performance of Employees obligations under this Agreement, (ii) to the extent
required by an order of a court having jurisdiction over Employee or under subpoena from an appropriate government agency, in which event,
Employee shall use his good faith efforts to consult with the General Counsel of the Company prior to responding to any such order or
subpoena, (iii) in initiating communications directly with, responding to any inquiry from, providing information to or testimony before,
or filing a complaint with, any law enforcement agency, including but not limited to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration
(OSHA), the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the United States Congress, the Department
of Justice, or any agency Inspector General, about actual or potential violations of laws or regulations, or making other disclosures
that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation, or (iv) in providing information pursuant to, or receiving
and fully retaining a monetary award from, a government-administered whistleblower award program (such as, but not limited to, the SEC
or Internal Revenue Service whistleblower award programs) for providing information directly to a government agency. Further,
Employee is advised that pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any
federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local
government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a
suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding if such filing is
made under seal. Further, an individual who files a lawsuit alleging retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of
law may disclose the trade secret to the individual's attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the individual
(A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (B) does not otherwise disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to
court order. Employee understands that any disclosure by Employee of the Companys trade secrets not done in good faith consistent
with the above may subject Employee to substantial damages, including punitive damages and attorneys fees.

-8- 

(b) Employee
agrees that, during the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and ending on the two (2) year anniversary of the termination
of Employees employment with the Company for any reason (such period, the Restricted Period), Employee shall
not, directly or indirectly, individually or jointly, own any interest in, operate, join, control or participate as a partner, director,
principal, officer, or agent of, enter into the employment of, act as a consultant to, or perform any services for any Person (other than
the Company or its subsidiaries), that engages in any Competitive Activities within the United States of America or any other jurisdiction
in which the Company or its subsidiaries are engaged (or have committed plans to engage) in business during the Consulting Period (the
Restricted Area). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Section 9 shall not prevent Employee
from acquiring or holding as an investment securities (x) of the Company or (y) representing not more than three percent (3%) of the outstanding
voting securities of any other publicly-held corporation.

(c) During
the Restricted Period, Employee shall not, for his own account or for the account of any other Person (other than the Company or its subsidiaries),
engage in Interfering Activities.

(d) Without
limiting the remedies available to the Company, Employee acknowledges that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this Section
9 may result in material irreparable injury to the Company or its subsidiaries for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that
it will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely and that, in the event of such a breach or threat thereof, the
Company shall be entitled to seek a temporary restraining order and/or a preliminary or permanent injunction, without the necessity of
proving irreparable harm or injury as a result of such breach or threatened breach of this Section 9, restraining Employee from
engaging in activities prohibited by this Section 9 or such other relief as may be required specifically to enforce any of the
covenants in this Section 9. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, the Restricted Period shall be tolled
during any period of violation of Section 9(b) or Section 9(c) and during any other period required for litigation during
which the Company seeks to enforce such covenants against Employee if it is ultimately determined that Employee was in breach of such
covenants.

-9- 

(e) If
any court of competent jurisdiction shall at any time determine that any covenant or agreement contained in this Section 9 exceeds
the temporal, geographic or other limitations permitted by applicable law in any jurisdiction and renders such covenant or agreement unenforceable,
the other provisions of this Section 9 shall nevertheless remain in effect and such covenant or agreement shall be deemed to be
reformed and modified to the maximum temporal, geographic or other limitation permitted by law under the circumstances, and the Company
and Employee each agree that any such court shall be expressly empowered to so reform and modify such covenant or agreement.

(f) Employee
acknowledges and agrees that (A) the agreements and covenants contained in this Section 9 (i) are reasonable and valid in geographical
and temporal scope and in all other respects, (ii) are essential to protect the value of the business, assets and confidential information
of the Company and its subsidiaries and (iii) will not impose any undue hardship on Employee, (B) Employee has and will obtain valuable
knowledge (including knowledge of the Companys trade secrets, customer relationships and other confidential information), contacts,
know-how, training and experience and such knowledge, know-how, contacts, training and experience could be used to the substantial detriment
of the Company and its subsidiaries, and (C) the markets served by the Company and its subsidiaries include each state within the Restricted
Area and are not dependent on the geographical location of the Companys offices or its employees. Employee further acknowledges
that the Companys agreement to enter into the Agreement and to make the payments and take the actions contemplated herein is conditioned
upon Employees agreement to the terms set forth in this Section 9 and the Companys agreement to enter into the Agreement
constitutes good and valuable consideration for Employees agreement to the restrictions set forth in this Section 9.

(g) In
the event of the termination of Employees employment for any reason, Employee shall deliver to the Company all of (i) the property
of the Company and (ii) the documents and data of any nature and in whatever medium of the Company, and he shall not take with him any
such property, documents or data or any reproduction thereof, or any documents containing or pertaining to any Confidential Information.

Section 10. Injunctive Relief.

Without limiting the remedies
available to the Company, Employee acknowledges that a breach of any of the covenants contained in Section 9 hereof may result
in material irreparable injury to the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it
will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely and that, in the event of such a breach or threat thereof, the Company
shall be entitled to obtain a temporary restraining order and/or a preliminary or permanent injunction, without the necessity of proving
irreparable harm or injury as a result of such breach or threatened breach of Section 9 hereof, restraining Employee from engaging
in activities prohibited by Section 9 hereof or such other relief as may be required specifically to enforce any of the covenants
in Section 9 hereof. Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the Restricted Period shall be tolled during any period
of violation of any of the covenants in Section 9(b) or Section 9(c) hereof and during any other period required for litigation
during which the Company seeks to enforce such covenants against Employee if it is ultimately determined that Employee was in breach of
such covenants.

-10- 

Section 11. Representations and Warranties
of Employee.

Employee represents and warrants
to the Company that:

(a) Employee
is entering into this Agreement voluntarily and that his employment hereunder and compliance with the terms and conditions hereof will
not conflict with or result in the breach by him of any agreement to which he is a party or by which he may be bound;

(b) He
has not, and in connection with his employment with the Company will not, violate any non-solicitation or other similar covenant or agreement
by which he is or may be bound; and

(c) In
connection with his employment with the Company he will not use any confidential or proprietary information he may have obtained in connection
with employment with any prior employer.

Section 12. Taxes.

(a) The
Company may withhold from any payments made under this Agreement, including payments made pursuant to Section 7, all applicable
taxes, including, but not limited to, income, employment and social insurance taxes, as shall be required by law. Employee acknowledges
and represents that the Company has not provided any tax advice to him in connection with this Agreement and that he has been advised
by the Company to seek tax advice from his own tax advisors regarding this Agreement and payments that may be made to him pursuant
to this Agreement, including, specifically, the application of the provisions of Sections 280G or 409A of the Code to such payments.

(b) In
the event that any amount otherwise payable pursuant to Section 7 would be deemed to constitute a parachute payment (a Parachute
Payment) within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and if any such Parachute Payment, when added to any other payments
which are deemed to constitute Parachute Payments, would otherwise result in the imposition of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the
Code, the amounts payable hereunder shall be reduced by the smallest amount necessary to avoid the imposition of such excise tax. Any
such limitation shall be applied to such compensation and benefit amounts, and in such order, as the Company shall determine in its sole
discretion.

-11- 

Section 13. Set Off.

The Companys obligation
to pay Employee the amounts provided and to make the arrangements provided hereunder shall be subject to set-off, counterclaim or recoupment
of amounts owed by Employee to the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law.

Section 14. Delay in Payment.

Notwithstanding any provision
in this Agreement to the contrary, any payment otherwise required to be made hereunder to Employee at any date as a result of the termination
of Employees employment shall be delayed for such period of time as may be necessary to meet the requirements of section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i)
of the Code. On the earliest date on which such payments can be made without violating the requirements of section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of
the Code, there shall be paid to Employee, in a single cash lump sum, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all payments delayed
pursuant to the preceding sentence. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall be interpreted, operated and
administered in a manner consistent with such intentions; provided, however, that in no event shall the Company or its agents,
subsidiaries, affiliates or successors be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed on Employee pursuant
to Section 409A of the Code or for any damages incurred by Employee as a result of this Agreement (or the payment or benefits hereunder)
failing to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Code.

Section 15. Successors and Assigns; No Third-Party
Beneficiaries.

(a) The
Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. Neither this
Agreement nor any of the rights, obligations or interests arising hereunder may be assigned by the Company without Employees prior
written consent, to a Person other than a subsidiary, affiliate or parent entity of the Company, or their respective successors or assigns;
provided, however, that, in the event of the merger, consolidation, transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company with or to any other Person, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be freely assignable to, and
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of, each such Person, without Employees consent, and, to the extent the Agreement has
been so assigned, such Person shall discharge and perform all the promises, covenants, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder.

(b) Employee.
Employees rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be transferable by Employee, by assignment or otherwise, without
the prior written consent of the Company; provided, however, that if Employee shall die, all amounts then payable to Employee
hereunder shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Employees devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there
be no such designee, to Employees estate.

(c) No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 7(b) or this Section 15, nothing expressed or referred
to in this Agreement will be construed to give any person or entity other than the Company (and its subsidiaries and affiliates) and Employee
any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or with respect to this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement.

-12- 

Section 16. Waiver and Amendments.

Any waiver, alteration, amendment
or modification of any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid only if made in writing and signed by each of the parties hereto;
provided, however, that any such waiver, alteration, amendment or modification is approved by the Board. No waiver by either
of the parties hereto of their rights hereunder shall be deemed to constitute a waiver with respect to any subsequent occurrences or transactions
hereunder unless such waiver specifically states that it is to be construed as a continuing waiver.

Section 17. Severability.

If any covenants or such other
provisions of this Agreement are found to be invalid or unenforceable by a final determination of a court of competent jurisdiction: (i)
the remaining terms and provisions hereof shall be unimpaired, and (ii) the invalid or unenforceable term or provision hereof shall be
deemed replaced by a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid
or unenforceable term or provision hereof.

Section 18. Governing Law and Jurisdiction.

This Agreement is governed by
and is to be construed under the laws of the State of Connecticut without regard to conflict of laws rules. Any dispute or claim arising
out of or relating to this Agreement or claim of breach hereof (other than claims for injunctive relief, which shall be governed by Section
10 hereof) shall be brought exclusively in the State or Federal courts located in Hartford, Connecticut. By execution of the Agreement,
the parties hereto, and their respective affiliates, consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court, and waive any right to challenge
jurisdiction or venue in such court with regard to any suit, action, or proceeding under or in connection with the Agreement. Each party
to this Agreement also hereby waives any right to trial by jury in connection with any suit, action or proceeding under or in connection
with this Agreement.

Section 19. Notices.

(a) Every
notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the party for whom
it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein
provided, provided that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by Employee to the Company
shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, and all notices or communications by the Company to Employee
may be given to Employee personally or may be mailed to Employee at Employees last known address, as reflected in the Companys
records.

(b) Any
notice so addressed shall be deemed to be given: (i) if delivered by hand, on the date of such delivery; (ii) if mailed by courier or
by overnight mail, on the first business day following the date of such mailing; and (iii) if mailed by registered or certified mail,
on the third (3rd) business day after the date of such mailing.

-13- 

Section 20. Section Headings.

The headings of the sections
and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part thereof, affect the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement or of any term or provision hereof.

Section 21. Entire Agreement.

This Agreement, together with
any exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto regarding the subject matter hereof.
This Agreement supersedes all prior negotiations, discussions, correspondence, communications, understandings and agreements between the
parties hereto relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. The Company and Employee agree that the Severance Agreement shall (i)
hereby be amended by replacing the definition of Good Reason set forth therein with the definition of Good Reason herein,
effective immediately, (ii) remain in effect (as so amended) during the period from the date of this Agreement until the Transition Date
and (iii) terminate and be of no further force and effect on the Transition Date (except solely to the extent that any amounts remain
due to Employee by the Company in respect thereof or obligations to Employee remained unperformed by the Company, in each case as a result
of any termination of Employees employment by the Company without Cause or by Employee with Good Reason prior to the Transition
Date).

Section 22. Survival of Operative Sections.

Upon any termination of Employees
employment with the Company, the provisions of Section 7 through Section 23 of this Agreement (together with any related
definitions set forth in Section 1 hereof) shall survive to the extent necessary to give effect to the provisions thereof.

Section 23. Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed
in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. The execution of this Agreement may be by actual or facsimile (including by way of PDF files) signature.

* * *

[Signatures to appear on the following page.]

-14- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have executed this Transition Agreement as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

STURM RUGER & COMPANY, INC.

By: /S/ CHRISTOPHER J. KILLOY

Name: Christopher J. Killoy

Title: President and CEO

EMPLOYEE:

/S/ KEVIN B. REID, SR.

Kevin B. Reid, Sr.

-15-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rgr-20250220.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rgr-20250220_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rgr-20250220_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 001-10435

Entity Registrant Name STURM, RUGER & COMPANY, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000095029

Entity Tax Identification Number 06-0633559

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One One Lacey Place

Entity Address, City or Town Southport

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06890

City Area Code (203)

Local Phone Number 259-7843

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol RGR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ruger.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8k-33642_rgr.htm 
rgr-20250220.xsd 
rgr-20250220_lab.xml 
rgr-20250220_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001174947-25-000230-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8k-33642_rgr_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000095029 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000095029 
8-K 
2025-02-20 
STURM, RUGER & COMPANY, INC. 
DE 
001-10435 
06-0633559 
One Lacey Place 
Southport 
CT 
06890 
(203) 
259-7843 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
RGR 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>