<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-049126.txt : 20250307
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-049126.hdr.sgml : 20250307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250307092448
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-049126
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250307
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001738827
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL, GAS FIELD SERVICES, NBC [1389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				364904146
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38609
		FILM NUMBER:		25717790

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3040 POST OAK BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(832) 844-1015

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3040 POST OAK BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KLX Energy Services Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180426
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d889500d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000173882700017388272025-03-072025-03-07

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 7, 2025

KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38609 36-4904146

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3040 Post Oak Boulevard, 15th Floor

Houston, Texas77056

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(832)844-1015

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value KLXE The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Securities Purchase Agreement 

On March 7, 2025, KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. (the Company) and certain of its subsidiaries party thereto entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) with certain holders (the Investors) of its existing 11.500% senior secured notes due 2025 (the Existing Notes), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to issue and sell to the Investors (a) approximately $232 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Floating Rate Cash / PIK Notes due 2030 (the New Notes) and (b) warrants entitling the holders thereof to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 2,373,187 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock), at an exercise price of $0.01 per share, subject to adjustment (collectively, the Warrants) in exchange for (i) approximately $78 million in aggregate cash consideration and (ii) approximately $144 million aggregate principal amount of Existing Notes, which will be cancelled by the Company upon receipt thereof (collectively, the Refinancing). The Company intends to use the net cash proceeds from the Refinancing, together with cash on hand, to redeem the remaining Existing Notes on March 30, 2025 pursuant to its previously issued notice of conditional redemption. 

The closing of the Refinancing (the Closing) is expected to occur on or about March 11, 2025, subject to certain closing conditions. 

The New Notes will mature in March 2030. The Company will pay interest on the New Notes, at its election, in cash or additional Notes paid-in-kind on one-, three- or six-month interest periods. The New Notes will bear a floating rate of interest of Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin (as defined in the indenture governing the New Notes (the Indenture)) based on the Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Indenture) of the Company, payable on the last day of the applicable interest period, which shall include a 100 basis point premium for any period where interest is paid-in-kind.

The New Notes will be senior secured obligations of the Company secured by a first priority security interest on substantially all of the Companys assets (other than collateral securing the New ABL Facility (as defined below)) on a first priority basis) and a second priority security interest on the collateral which secures the New ABL Facility on a first priority basis, subject in each case to certain excluded assets. 

The New Notes will be initially fully and unconditionally guaranteed by each of the Companys current subsidiaries. The New Notes will also be guaranteed by each of the Companys future subsidiaries that guarantee the Companys indebtedness or indebtedness of guarantors, including under the New ABL Facility and such subsidiaries that become guarantors in the future will also pledge their collateral in support of such guarantees. The guarantees will be senior secured obligations of the guarantors secured by a first priority security interest on substantially all of the guarantors assets (other than collateral securing the New ABL Facility on a first priority basis) and a second priority security interest on the guarantors assets which secure the New ABL Facility on a first priority basis, subject in each case to certain excluded assets. 

The Company will be required to redeem the New Notes in an amount equal to 2.00% per annum of all Notes outstanding as of the prior applicable Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Indenture) on the last business day of each of March, June, September and December, commencing on March 31, 2025. Additionally, upon certain changes of control, consummation of certain asset sales and other events, the Company will be required to repurchase the New Notes at the applicable redemption prices. 

The Indenture will contain certain affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to demonstrate compliance with total net leverage ratio and net capital expenditures and restricting the Companys ability to incur certain liens and indebtedness, enter into certain transactions and merge or consolidate with any other entity or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the Companys properties and assets to another person, which, in each case, will be subject to certain limitations and exceptions. The Indenture will permit the Company to incur additional pari passu indebtedness of up to $150,000,000 within 12 months of the Closing (including for the purpose of consummating permitted acquisitions and investments) subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Indenture and will contain certain other covenants, events of default and other customary provisions. 

2 

The Warrant Agreement (the Warrant Agreement) governing the Warrants will stipulate that the Company will file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants (the Warrant Shares). The Warrants will be exercisable immediately, and in lieu of exercising such Warrant, the holders thereof may convert their Warrants, in whole or in part, into the number of Warrant Shares pursuant to the terms of the Warrants prior to the expiration date. 

The Securities Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and the Investors, and the parties have agreed to indemnify each other for losses related to breaches of their respective representations and warranties. Upon Closing, the Company has agreed to reimburse the Investor for certain expenses. 

New ABL Facility 

On March 7, 2025 the Company entered into a Credit Agreement dated as of March 7, 2025 (the New ABL Facility) with the Company, as borrower, Eclipse Business Capital LLC, as administrative agent, as collateral agent and as FILO administrative agent and the lenders party thereto. The New ABL Facility is comprised of an asset-based revolving credit facility with a $125.0 million commitment (the Revolving Facility), a first-in-last-out asset-based credit facility with a $10.0 million commitment (the FILO Facility), and a committed incremental loan option under the Revolving Facility with a $25.0 million commitment (the Incremental Revolving Loans). The availability of the Incremental Revolving Loans are subject to usual and customary conditions to effectiveness, including, for example, the Company electing to utilize such Incremental Revolving Loans by a date certain and the payment of required fees. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility (including, to the extent incurred, the Incremental Revolving Loans) bear interest at a rate equal to adjusted term SOFR plus an applicable margin of 4.625%. Borrowings under the FILO Facility bear interest at a rate equal to adjusted term SOFR plus an applicable margin of 6.00%. The applicable margin under the Revolving Facility is subject to a 0.125% reduction and the applicable margin under the FILO Facility is subject to a 0.50% reduction, in each case upon the repayment in full of a $5,000,000 over-advance to be provided on the initial funding date under the Revolving Facility. The New ABL Facility will be secured by, among other things, a first priority lien on accounts receivable and inventory and contains customary conditions precedent to borrowing and affirmative and negative covenants. In connection with the initial funding under the New ABL Facility, which is contemplated to occur on March 11, 2025, the obligations under the Companys existing Credit Agreement, dated August 10, 2018 (as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing ABL Facility) among the Company, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, as collateral agent and as issuing lender, and the lenders party thereto will be repaid in full and the commitments thereunder terminated. 

The initial funding under the New ABL Facility is subject to usual and customary terms and conditions, including the provision of collateral documents and the execution of an intercreditor agreement establishing the relative rights and lien priorities as between the New ABL Facility and the Indenture. The New ABL Facility includes a springing financial covenant which requires the Companys consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio to be at least 1.0 to 1.0 if availability under the Revolving Facility falls below $7.0 million. 

The New ABL Facility includes financial, operating and negative covenants that limit our ability to incur indebtedness, to create liens or other encumbrances, to make certain payments and investments, including dividend payments, to engage in transactions with affiliates, to engage in sale/leaseback transactions, to guarantee indebtedness and to sell or otherwise dispose of assets and merge or consolidate with other entities. It also includes a covenant to deliver annual audited financial statements that are not qualified by a going concern or like qualification or exception. A failure to comply with the obligations contained in the New ABL Facility could result in an event of default, which could permit acceleration of the debt, termination of undrawn commitments and enforcement against any liens securing the debt. The New ABL Facility will contain certain other covenants (including the ability to incur indebtedness for the purpose of consummating permitted acquisitions, subject to the terms of the New ABL Facility), events of default and other customary provisions. 

3 

The foregoing descriptions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Warrant Agreement, the Indenture and the New ABL Facility are only summaries and are qualified in their entireties by reference to the Securities Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated by reference herein, forms of the Warrant Agreement and the Indenture (including the form of the New Notes attached thereto), which are attached to the Securities Purchase Agreement filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.1, and incorporated by reference herein, and the New ABL Facility, a copy of which is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.2 and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 2.02 

Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 

On March 7, 2025, the Company issued a press release (the Press Release) to announce the entry into the Securities Purchase Agreement and the entry into the New ABL Facility and to provide certain preliminary financial results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2024. The Company is hereby furnishing the Press Release, which is included as Exhibit 99.1 hereto, pursuant to Item 2.02 of Form 8-K. 

In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information furnished pursuant to this Item 2.02, and including Exhibit 99.1 furnished herewith, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exc hange Act), nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information provided under Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The information provided under Item 1.01 above with respect to the Warrants is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The issuance of the Warrants, entitling the holders thereof to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 2,373,187 shares of Common Stock, will not be registered under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof as a transaction not involving any public offering. 

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

The information provided under Item 2.02 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit Description

10.1* Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025, by and among KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and the holders of Existing Notes party thereto 

10.2* Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025, by and among KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc., Eclipse Business Capital LLC, as administrative agent, as collateral agent and as FILO administrative agent and the lenders party thereto 

99.1 Press Release, dated March 7, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page iXBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

* 

Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

4 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC.

March 7, 2025 By: 

/s/ Max L. Bouthillette

Name: Max L. Bouthillette

Title: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d889500dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of March 7, 2025, and is made by and among KLX Energy
Services Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the several purchasers of the Securities (as defined herein) identified on the signature pages hereto (each a Purchaser and collectively, the
Purchasers). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Purchasers hereby agree to exchange (a) the quantity of the Companys 2018 Secured Senior Notes (as defined
below) identified on the signature pages hereto (the Exchanged Notes, and such consideration, the Existing Notes Consideration) and (b) cash in the aggregate net amount of $78,364,255.42 (or, as it relates
to each Purchaser, in the amount specified on its signature page hereto) (the Cash Consideration, and together with the Existing Notes Consideration, the Consideration) in consideration of and in exchange for
the issuance by the Company to the Purchasers of (a) $232,160,000.00 in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes (as defined below) and (b) Warrants (as defined below) to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 2,373,187 shares of Common Stock
(subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms thereof) pursuant to the Warrant Agreements (as defined below) (the Senior Notes and the Warrants together, the Securities). 

WHEREAS, the Senior Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture (the Indenture) to be dated as of the Closing Date
(as defined below), among the Company, the guarantors listed in Schedule A hereto (the Guarantors) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee) and as collateral
agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent), and will be guaranteed (the Guarantees) on a senior secured basis by each of the Guarantors on the Closing Date. 

WHEREAS, each of the Purchasers is an institutional accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501 of
Regulation D (Regulation D) promulgated under the Securities Act (as defined below), or a QIB (as defined below). 

WHEREAS, the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company is being made in reliance upon the exemptions from registration available
under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

WHEREAS, for each $1,000 principal amount of Exchanged Note tendered by a Purchaser to the Company pursuant to this Agreement, such
Purchaser will receive, to satisfy such Exchanged Note (a) $1,000 principal amount of Senior Notes, (b) the right pursuant to a Warrant to purchase an aggregate 10.2222045141282 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment in accordance with the
terms of the Warrant Agreement) and (c) additional cash consideration equal to $30.00 plus the amount of unpaid interest accrued on such Exchanged Note through, but excluding, the Closing Date. 

WHEREAS, certain Purchasers will purchase Senior Notes and Warrants for cash with a purchase price equal to $970 for both $1,000
principal amount of Senior Notes and the right pursuant to a Warrant to purchase 10.2222045141282 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement). 

WHEREAS, each Purchaser is willing to purchase from the Company (i) the
principal amount of Senior Notes set forth on such Purchasers respective signature page hereto (such amount of Senior Notes, with respect to each Purchaser, the Purchased Notes Amount) and (ii) one Warrant to purchase a
number of Shares of Common Stock set forth on such Purchasers respective signature page, in exchange for such Purchasers Consideration, in each case in accordance with the terms, subject to the conditions and in reliance on, the
recitals, representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Senior Notes. 

WHEREAS, the Company
intends to redeem in full the outstanding 2018 Secured Senior Notes as of March 30, 2025 (the Redemption Date) and to terminate any and all security interests and guarantees and to release any and all liens securing the 2018
Secured Senior Notes on the Closing Date (as defined herein) (collectively, the Refinancing). 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the mutual covenants, conditions and agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

AGREEMENT 

1. 

DEFINITIONS. 

1.1 Defined Terms. The following capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the meanings defined or referenced below.
Certain other capitalized terms used only in specific sections of this Agreement may be defined in such sections. Terms used herein and not defined below shall have the meaning set forth in the Indenture. 

2018 Secured Senior Notes means the 11.50% senior secured notes due 2025 issued pursuant to the 2018 Secured Senior Notes
Indenture. 

2018 Secured Senior Notes Indenture means that certain Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2018, by and
among the Company, as issuer, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and as notes collateral agent. 

ABL Administrative Agent means Eclipse Business Capital LLC, in its capacity as administrative agent under the ABL Credit
Agreement, and its successors and assigns in such capacity. 

ABL Collateral Agent means Eclipse Business Capital LLC,
in its capacity as collateral agent and/or security trustee (as applicable) under the ABL Credit Agreement, and its successors and assigns in such capacity. 

ABL Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025, by and among the Issuer, the
several lenders from time to time party thereto from time to time, the ABL Administrative Agent, the ABL Collateral Agent and the other agents or parties named therein and including any notes, guarantees, collateral and security documents,
instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith (including Hedging Obligations related to the Indebtedness incurred thereunder), and in each case as such agreement or facility may be amended (including any amendment or restatement
thereof), supplemented or otherwise modified from time 

2 

to time, including any agreement or indenture exchanging, extending the maturity of refinancing, renewing, replacing, substituting or otherwise restructuring, whether in the bank or debt capital
markets (or combination thereof) (including increasing the amount of available borrowings thereunder, changing the maturity or adding or removing Subsidiaries as borrowers or guarantors thereunder and whether or not with the same agents, lenders,
investors or holders) all or any portion of the Indebtedness under such agreement or facility or any successor or replacement agreement or facility. 

ABL Documents means the ABL Credit Agreement, any additional credit agreement, note purchase agreement, indenture or other
agreement related thereto and all other loan or note documents, collateral or security documents, notes, guarantees, instruments and agreements governing or evidencing, or executed or delivered in connection with, the ABL Credit Agreement or any
Pari Passu ABL Lien Indebtedness (as such term is defined in the Indenture), as such agreements or instruments may be amended, supplemented, modified, restated, replaced, renewed, refunded, restructured, increased or refinanced from time to time.

ABL Priority Collateral has the meaning assigned to the term ABL Priority Collateral in the ABL/Note
Intercreditor Agreement. 

ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement has the meaning assigned to the term ABL/Note
Intercreditor Agreement in the Indenture. 

Affiliate of any Person means any other Person which directly or indirectly
Controls or is Controlled by, or is under direct or indirect common Control with, the Person specified; provided, however, that any Purchaser (not any of its Affiliates) shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries solely by virtue of its capacity as a holder of the Securities. 

Agreement means this Securities Purchase
Agreement, including all Schedules attached to this Agreement. 

Anti-Terrorism Laws is defined in
Section 5.20. 

Applicable Procedures means, with respect to any transfer or exchange of or
for beneficial interests in any Senior Note represented by a global certificate, the rules and procedures of DTC (as defined herein) that apply to such transfer or exchange. 

Bankruptcy Code means the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as heretofore and hereafter amended, and codified as 11
U.S.C. 101 et seq. and the regulations issued thereunder. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a
certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
of the United States. 

3 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on
which banking institutions in New York, New York, are authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to close. 

Cash Consideration has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Closing is defined in Section 2.4. 

Closing Date means March 11, 2025 (subject to extension by the Company in its option to a date no later than the
Outside Date) or such later date as agreed upon by a majority-in-interest of the holders of the Exchanged Notes. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Collateral has the meaning set forth in the Indenture. 

Collateral Agent has the meaning set forth in the preamble of the Indenture and any successor thereto. 

Common Stock means shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the Company. 

Company is defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement, and includes the Companys permitted successors and
assigns. 

Consideration has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms Controlling and Controlled shall have meanings correlative thereto. 

Custodial Agreement means that certain Custodial Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025, by and between the Company and
the Custodian, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D. 

Custodian means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association. 

Debtor Relief Law means the Bankruptcy Code and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy,
assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and any other matters
which are set out as qualifications or reservations as to matters of law of general application in any legal opinion provided in connection with this Agreement. 

Default means any event, act or condition that, after notice or the passage of time or both, would be an Event of Default.

Disbursement has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. 

4 

DTC is defined in Section 4.1. 

Employee Benefit Plan means each employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA)
that is maintained or contributed to by the Company or its Subsidiaries or with respect to which the Company or its Subsidiaries has any liability (including on account of an ERISA Affiliate). 

Environmental Claim means any claim, notice, demand, order, action, suit, proceeding, investigation, remediation, removal,
cleanup, response, corrective action, penalties or other actions, liabilities or costs (including damages, natural resources damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief) resulting from, related to or
arising out of (a) the presence, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material, (b) any violation or alleged violation of or liability under any Environmental Law, or (c) any actual or alleged exposure to any Hazardous
Material. 

Environmental Laws means all applicable Requirements of Law relating to pollution or protection of the
Environment, or to any Hazardous Material. 

Environmental Permit means any permit, license, approval, registration,
consent or other authorization required by or from a Governmental Authority under Environmental Law. 

ERISA means the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be amended from time to time. 

ERISA Affiliate means,
with respect to any person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with such person, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 412 of the
Code, Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code. 

ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event, as
defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the thirty (30) day notice period is waived by regulation); (b) with respect to a Plan, the failure to satisfy
the minimum funding standard of Section 412 or 430 of the Code and Section 302 or 303 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (c) the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of the Code with respect
to any Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (d) the determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (as defined in Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of
ERISA); (e) the incurrence by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its or their ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (f) the receipt by the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of its or their ERISA Affiliates from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to the intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or Multiemployer Plan or Multiemployer Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any
Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or the occurrence of any event or condition which would reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan or Multiemployer Plan;
(g) the incurrence by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or its or their ERISA Affiliates of liability resulting from the complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan; (h) the receipt by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or its or their ERISA 

5 

Affiliates of any notice, concerning a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is reasonably expected to be, insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA) or in
critical or endangered status, under Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA; (i) the withdrawal of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or its or their ERISA Affiliates from a Plan subject to
Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of
ERISA; or (j) the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) which would reasonably be expected to result in
liability to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Equity Interest means, with respect to any person, any and all
shares, interests, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or nonvoting), of equity of such person, including warrants, options and other rights to purchase and including, if such
person is a limited liability company, membership interests or if such person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) and any other interest or participation that confers on a person the right to receive a share of the
profits and losses of, or distributions of property of, such partnership, whether outstanding on the date hereof or issued after the Closing Date; provided, that, Equity Interest shall not include at any time debt securities convertible
or exchangeable into such equity. 

Event of Default has the meaning set forth in the Indenture. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
from time to time in effect. 

Exchanged Notes has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Exchanged Notes Accrued Interest means the amount of unpaid interest accrued on the Exchanged Notes through, but excluding,
the Closing Date. 

Existing Notes Consideration has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Financial Officer of any person means the chief financial officer, chief executive officer, vice president of finance,
treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller, or, in each case, anyone acting in such capacity or any similar capacity. 

Financial
Statements means, collectively, consolidated and consolidating balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (a) as of and for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023, reported on by its independent public accountants, and (b) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. 

FCPA is defined in Section 5.22. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States of America. 

Global Note has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. 

6 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any
other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state, provincial, local or otherwise, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Guarantee has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Guarantors means each Subsidiary of the Company on the Closing Date that is a party to the Indenture for purposes of
providing a Guarantee with respect to the Senior Notes, and each other Person that is required to, or at the election of the Company, does become a Guarantor by the terms of the Indenture after the Closing Date, in each case, until such Person is
released from its Guarantee in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. 

Hazardous Material means any material or
chemical regulated as hazardous or toxic or which could result in liability under any Environmental Law, including the following: toxic or hazardous substances; hazardous wastes; polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) or any substance
or compound containing PCBs; friable asbestos or friable asbestos-containing materials; radon or any other radioactive materials including any source, special nuclear or by-product material; petroleum,
petroleum products, by-products or breakdown products, crude oil or any fraction of the foregoing; per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances; and any pollutant or contaminant
or other substance subject to regulation under any Environmental Laws due to their dangerous or deleterious properties or characteristics, or which can give rise to liability under any Environmental Laws due to their dangerous or deleterious
properties or characteristics. 

Holder means any registered holder, from time to time, of the Notes. 

Indebtedness has the meaning set forth in the Indenture. 

Indenture means the indenture, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Company, the guarantors from time to time
party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, as trustee and notes collateral agent, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the
terms thereof. 

Insolvency Laws means Title 11 of the United States Code and all other applicable liquidation,
conservatorship, bankruptcy, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, suspension of payments and similar debtor relief laws from time to time in effect affecting the rights of creditors generally. 

Intellectual Property is defined in Section 5.6. 

IRS has the meaning set forth in Section 8.18. 

Lien means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or similar encumbrance. 

Margin Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U. 

7 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the
business, assets, results of operations or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent or the Purchasers under the Transaction Documents (other than
to the extent a result of the action or inaction of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent, the Purchasers or their respective affiliates, officers, employees, agents, attorneys or representatives) or (c) the ability of the Note Parties, taken as a
whole, to perform their payment obligations under the Transaction Documents. 

Material Real Property means any Real
Property (a) owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries that has a fair market value (as reasonably determined by the Company) equal to or in excess of $8,000,000, determined (i) in the case of any such Real Property owned by the Company or
its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date, as of the Closing Date, (ii) in the case of any such Real Property owned by any entity that becomes a Subsidiary after the Closing Date, as of the date such entity becomes a Subsidiary, or (iii) in the
case of any such Real Property acquired by any entity after the Closing Date or, in the case of any entity referred to in clause (ii), after it becomes a Subsidiary, as of the date of acquisition thereof or (b) leased by the Company or its
Subsidiaries that has an annual payments equal to or in excess of $1,000,000. 

Multiemployer Plan means a
multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) or Section 3(37) of ERISA which is subject to Title IV of ERISA (a) to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is then making or accruing an obligation to make
contributions, or (b) with respect to which the Company or its Subsidiaries has any liability (including on account of an ERISA Affiliate). 

Nasdaq means the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 

Note Parties means the Company and the Guarantors; and Note Party means any one of them. 

Notes Priority Collateral has the meaning assigned to the term Notes Priority Collateral in the ABL/Note
Intercreditor Agreement. 

Obligations has the meaning assigned to such term in the Indenture. 

OFAC means the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

Outside Date means March 13, 2025, provided that such date shall be extended to two (2) Business Days after the
Closing Date if such date is amended pursuant to agreement by the majority-in-interest holders of the Exchanged Notes. 

Patriot Act is defined in Section 5.20. 

Permitted Liens has the meaning set forth in the Indenture. 

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated
organization, business entity or Governmental Authority. 

8 

Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is
defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 or 430 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA which is maintained or contributed to by the Company or its
Subsidiaries or with respect to which the Company or its Subsidiaries has any liability (including on account of an ERISA Affiliate). 

Projections has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.14.1. 

Property or Properties means any right, title or interest in or to property or assets of any kind
whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible and including Equity Interests or other ownership interests of any person and whether now in existence or owned or hereafter entered into or acquired, including all Real
Property. 

Purchased Notes Amount has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Purchaser or Purchasers has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto and such Purchasers
successors and assigns. 

QIB means a Qualified Institutional Buyer, as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities
Act. 

Real Property means, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold, mineral or other
estate) in and to any and all parcels of or interests in real property owned, leased or operated by any person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto,
all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof. 

Redemption Date has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Refinancing has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Regulation D has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations
thereunder or thereof. 

Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official
rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Release means any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring,
emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, migrating, depositing, dispersing or disposing of any Hazardous Material into the Environment. 

Requirements of Law means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local laws (including common law),
judgments, decrees, statutes, treaties, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the
enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, or other requirements of, any Governmental Authority, in each
case whether or not having the force of law. 

9 

Responsible Officer of any person means any executive officer (including,
without limitation, the president, any vice president, secretary and assistant secretary), any authorized person or Financial Officer of such person and any other officer or similar official or authorized person thereof with responsibility for the
administration of the obligations of such person in respect of this Agreement. 

Restricted Subsidiary has the meaning
set forth in the Indenture. 

Sanctions is defined in Section 5.21.

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

SEC Filings means, collectively, the Companys: (a) Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024, (b) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024,
June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on May 8, 2024, August 8, 2024 and October 31, 2024, respectively, (c) Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
February 26, 2024, March 6, 2024, March 6, 2024, May 7, 2024, May 14, 2024, May 23, 2024, July 16, 2024, July 22, 2024, August 7, 2024, September 16, 2024, October 31, 2024 and November 11,
2024; and (d) all of the Companys other filings filed with the SEC (other than, in each case, documents or information deemed to have been furnished and not filed in accordance with SEC rules). 

Secured Parties means (a) the Trustee, (b) the Collateral Agent, (c) the Holders, (d) the beneficiaries
of each indemnification obligation undertaken by the Company or any Guarantor under the Indenture or any other Transaction Documents and (e) permitted successors and assigns of each of the foregoing. 

Securities means the Senior Notes and the Warrants. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time
to time in effect. 

Security Agreement means one or more security agreements by and among the Company and the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties with respect to Liens granted on the Collateral thereunder as security for the Obligations. 

Security Documents has the meaning set forth in the Indenture. 

Senior Note means the Companys Senior Secured Floating Rate Cash/PIK Notes due 2030 (or collectively, the
Senior Notes) in the form attached as an exhibit to the Indenture, as amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time, and each Senior Note delivered in substitution or exchange for such Senior Note. 

10 

Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person
on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the
assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur
debts or liabilities beyond such Persons ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such
Persons property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the
amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 

Subsidiary means, as to any Person, a
corporation, partnership or other entity of which shares of capital stock or other Equity Interests having ordinary voting power (other than capital stock or other equity interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency)
to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, directly or indirectly, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly, or both, by
such Person. Unless the context otherwise requires, the termSubsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Company. 

Tax Return means all returns, statements, declarations, filings, attachments and other documents or certifications required
to be filed in respect of Taxes, including any amendments thereof. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies,
imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Total Net Leverage Ratio has the meaning set forth in the Indenture. 

Transaction Costs has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Transactions. 

Transaction Documents has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.1.1. 

Transactions means, collectively, (a) the transactions to occur on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the
Transaction Documents, (b) the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents, (c) the Refinancing and (e) the payment of all fees, premiums, expenses and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the
foregoing, including to fund any original issue discount and upfront fees (the Transaction Costs). 

Trustee means the trustee or successor in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Indenture. 

Warrant means a warrant to purchase an aggregate number of shares of Common Stock pursuant to a Warrant Agreement. 

11 

Warrant Agreement means an agreement in the form attached as Exhibit
B, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Company and each of the Purchasers. 

Warrant Shares means the shares
of Common Stock that may be issued upon exercise of each Purchasers Warrant. 

Wholly Owned Domestic Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person at any date, any Subsidiary of such Person all of the shares of capital stock or other ownership interests of which (except directors qualifying shares or other nominal issuance in order to comply with local
laws) are at the time directly or indirectly owned by such Person. 

1.2 Interpretations. The foregoing definitions
are equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of like import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a
whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The word including when used in this Agreement without the phrase without limitation, shall mean including, without limitation. All references to time
of day herein are references to Eastern Time unless otherwise specifically provided. All references to this Agreement, the Securities, the Indenture and the Warrant Agreement shall be deemed to be to such documents as amended, modified or restated
from time to time. With respect to any reference in this Agreement to any defined term, (a) if such defined term refers to a Person, then it shall also mean all heirs, legal representatives and permitted successors and assigns of such Person,
and (b) if such defined term refers to a document, instrument or agreement, then it shall also include any amendment, replacement, extension or other modification thereof. 

1.3 Exhibits Incorporated. All Exhibits attached hereto are hereby incorporated into this Agreement. 

2. 

SENIOR DEBT. 

2.1 Certain Terms. Subject to the terms and conditions herein contained, the Company proposes to issue and sell to the
Purchasers, severally and not jointly, Senior Notes, which will be issued pursuant to the Indenture, in an aggregate principal amount equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Exchanged Notes. The Purchasers, severally and not jointly, each agree
to purchase the Senior Notes, which will be issued pursuant to the Indenture, from the Company on the Closing Date in accordance with the terms of, and subject to the conditions and provisions set forth in, this Agreement, the Senior Notes and the
Indenture. No Purchaser shall have any liability to any Person for the performance or non-performance of any obligation by any other Purchaser hereunder. The Purchased Notes Amounts shall be disbursed in
accordance with Section 4.1. 

2.2 Ranking. Subject to the terms of the ABL/Note
Intercreditor Agreement, the Senior Notes will be the Companys direct, senior secured obligations and will rank equally with all of the Companys other unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding in accordance with the
provisions set forth therein and in the Indenture. 

2.3 Secured Obligations. The obligations of the Company and the
Guarantors to the Purchasers under the Senior Notes shall be secured by (a) a first-priority lien, subject to Permitted Liens, in the Notes Priority Collateral and (b) perfected, second priority security interests (subject to Permitted
Liens) in the ABL Priority Collateral. 

12 

2.4 The Closing. The execution and delivery of the Transaction
Documents (the Closing) shall occur remotely via the electronic or other exchange of documents and signature pages, on the Closing Date. 

2.5 Payments. The Company agrees that the matters concerning payments and application of payments shall be as set forth
in this Agreement, the Indenture, the Senior Notes and the Warrant Agreement. 

2.6 No Right of Offset. Each Purchaser
hereby expressly waives any right of offset it may have against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

2.7 Use of
Proceeds. The Company will (or direct its Subsidiaries to) use the proceeds of the sale of the Securities on the Closing Date, directly or indirectly through one or more related transactions, to finance (a) the Refinancing and
(b) the payment of related fees, costs and expenses (including any upfront fees and original issue discount) related to the sale of the Securities 

3. 

CONSIDERATION. For each $1,000 principal amount of Exchanged Note tendered by the
Purchaser to the Company pursuant to this Agreement, a Purchaser will receive, to satisfy such Exchanged Note (a) $1,000 principal amount of Senior Notes, (b) the right pursuant to a Warrant to purchase an aggregate 10.2222045141282 shares of Common
Stock (subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement) and (c) additional cash consideration equal to $30.00 plus the amount of unpaid interest accrued on such Exchanged Note through, but excluding, the Closing Date.
Each Purchasers respective signature page reflects the Existing Notes Consideration for such Purchaser. Certain Purchasers will purchase Senior Notes and Warrants for cash with a purchase price equal to $970 for both $1,000 principal amount of
Senior Notes and the right pursuant to a Warrant to purchase 10.2222045141282 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement). Each Purchasers respective signature page reflects the Cash
Consideration for such Purchaser. 

4. 

DISBURSEMENT. 

4.1 Disbursement. On the Closing Date, assuming all of the terms and conditions set forth in Section 4.2 have been
satisfied by the Company (except those which may not, by their terms, be satisfied until the Closing Date) and the Company has executed and delivered to each of the Purchasers this Agreement and any other related documents in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Purchasers: 

(a) each Purchaser shall deliver (i) the Exchanged Notes specified on such
Purchasers signature page (which shall be delivered at least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date to the Custodian by means of the book-entry transfer procedures of The Depository Trust Company (DTC) and as specified
in the Custodial Agreement), and (ii) each Purchaser shall deliver its portion of the Cash Consideration, as specified on such Purchasers signature page and as adjusted to reflect elections made by the Purchaser to receive Exchanged Notes
Accrued Interest as a cash payment on the Closing Date, by means of wire transfer in immediately available funds (or by other due and proper agreements or instruments of transfer reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Purchasers and their
respective legal counsel); and 

13 

(b) each Purchaser shall deliver a duly executed counterpart to such Purchasers
Warrant Agreement to the Company, and upon receipt thereof (but, for the avoidance of doubt, after the actions contemplated by the foregoing clause (a) have been consummated), the Company shall deliver to such Purchaser a fully executed copy of
such Purchasers Warrant Agreement, which copy shall be deemed to be an original (collectively, the Disbursement). 

The Company
will deliver (i) to the Trustee (A) one or more global certificate representing $232,160,000.00 in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes (the Global Note) registered in the name of Cede & Co. as
nominee for DTC and (B) the required information requested by the Trustee in order for the Senior Notes to be maintained in book-entry form with DTC and issue the applicable Purchased Notes Amount to each Purchaser on the Closing Date,
(ii) to each Purchaser, a Warrant, registered in the name of such Purchaser, with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock specified on such Purchasers signature page hereto (subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of
the Warrant Agreement) and (iii) to each Purchaser that elects to receive its Exchanged Notes Accrued Interest as a cash payment, such amount in cash via wire transfer, subject to any netting by such Purchaser of such amount against its Cash
Consideration. 

4.2 Conditions Precedent to Disbursement. 

4.2.1 Conditions to the Purchasers Obligation. The obligation of each Purchaser to consummate the purchase
of the Securities to be purchased by them at Closing and to effect the Disbursement is subject to delivery by or at the direction of the Company to such Purchaser (or, with respect to the Indenture, the Trustee) of each of the following (or written
waiver by such Purchaser prior to the Closing of such delivery): 

4.2.1.1 Transaction Documents. This Agreement, the
Indenture, the Global Note, the Guarantees, the Warrant Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and the Security Documents (collectively, the Transaction Documents), each duly authorized and executed by the Company and the other
parties thereto, and delivery of written instructions to the Trustee (with respect to the Indenture). 

4.2.1.2 Authority
Documents. 

(a) A certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary (or equivalent officer) on behalf of each Note Party dated
the Closing Date, certifying (A) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of each Organizational Document of such Note Party and, with respect to the articles or certificate of incorporation or organization (or similar document)
certified (to the extent applicable) as of a recent date by the Secretary of State (or other applicable Governmental Authority) of the state of its organization, (B) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted
by the Board of Directors and/or equityholders (as applicable) of such Note Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents to which such person is a party, the issuance of the Senior Notes and Guarantees, as
applicable, and the delivery and performance of the Warrants, and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect as of the date of such certificate, and (C) as to the incumbency and specimen
signature of each officer or authorized person executing any Transaction Document or any other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of such Note Party (together with a certificate of another officer or authorized person as to the
incumbency and specimen signature of the officer or authorized person executing the certificate in this clause (i)); 

14 

(b) A certificate as to the good standing of each Note Party as of a recent date issued by
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware; and 

(c) A certificate dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the
Company, confirming compliance with the conditions precedent set forth in Sections 4.2.1.3, 4.2.1.5, 4.2.1.9, 4.2.1.12, and 4.2.1.13. 

4.2.1.3 Exchanged Notes Matters. On the Closing Date, the 2018 Secured Senior Notes Indenture shall have been satisfied
and discharged in accordance with its terms and any and all security interests, guarantees and any and all liens securing the 2018 Secured Senior Notes shall been released. 

4.2.1.4 Cash Consideration. The Company shall deliver, no less than one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date,
to the Purchasers funding instructions for purposes of facilitating the wiring of each such Purchasers portion of the Cash Consideration on the Closing Date. 

4.2.1.5 Total Net Leverage Ratio. The Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Closing Date shall be no greater than 4.50:1.00
after giving effect to the Transactions. 

4.2.1.6 Opinion of Counsel. The Purchasers shall have received a customary
opinion of Vinson & Elkins LLP, special counsel to the Note Parties, dated as of the Closing Date and addressed to the Purchasers, in form and substance acceptable to counsel to the Specified Holders (as defined in the Indenture). 

4.2.1.7 Other Documents. Such other certificates, affidavits, schedules, resolutions, notes and/or other documents which
are provided for hereunder or as a Purchaser may reasonably request. 

4.2.1.8 Solvency Certificate. The Purchasers
shall have received a solvency certificate, in the form of Exhibit C, dated as of the Closing Date and signed by the chief financial officer (or other officer with reasonably equivalent duties) of the Company. 

4.2.1.9 No Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2023, no change, effect, event or occurrence shall have
occurred that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.2.1.10 Fees. The
Purchasers shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable to them by the Company on or prior to the Closing Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out of pocket fees and
expenses (including the legal fees and expenses of (i) White & Case LLP, counsel to one or more of the Purchasers, and (ii) Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP, counsel to one of the Purchasers, in an amount not to exceed
$25,000) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Company under this Agreement; provided, that, in the case of fees, costs and expenses, an invoice for all such fees, costs and expenses shall be received by the Company at least three
(3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date for payment to be required as a condition to the Closing Date. 

15 

4.2.1.11 Patriot Act. So long as requested by the Purchasers in
writing at least ten (10) Business Days in advance of the Closing Date, the Purchasers shall have received, at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information with respect to the Note Parties that is
required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act. So long as requested by Purchasers in writing at least ten
(10) Business Days in advance of the Closing Date, no later than five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Agents a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Company. 

4.2.1.12 No Default. At the time of and immediately after the purchase of the Securities made on the Closing Date, no
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Closing Date. 

4.2.1.13 Representations and
Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties made by any Note Party set forth in Article 4 hereof or in any other Transaction Document shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date. 

4.2.1.14 Creation and Perfection of Security Interests. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 4.2, with respect to the Obligations, all documents and instruments (including the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement) necessary to establish that the Collateral Agent will have (i) perfected, first priority security interests
(subject to Permitted Liens) in the Notes Priority Collateral and (ii) perfected, second priority security interests (subject to Permitted Liens) in the ABL Priority Collateral, shall have been delivered to the Purchasers; provided, that, to
the extent any Collateral (including the creation or perfection of any security interest) is not or cannot be provided on the Closing Date, other than, to the extent expressly required in the Transaction Documents, (A) a lien on Collateral that
may be perfected solely by the filing of a financing statement under the UCC, and (B) a pledge of the certificated equity interests of the Company and each Wholly Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Company required to be pledged pursuant to the
Transaction Documents, in each case, with respect to which a lien may be perfected on the Closing Date by the delivery of a stock or equivalent certificate (if applicable) after the use of commercially reasonable efforts to do so without undue
burden or expense, then the provision of (and/or perfection of a security interest in) such Collateral shall not constitute a condition precedent to the purchase of the Securities on the Closing Date but may instead be delivered and/or perfected
within three (3) Business Days after the Closing Date (or such longer period as provided for in Section 5.17 of the Indenture) pursuant to arrangements to be mutually agreed by the parties hereto acting reasonably. 

4.2.1.15 CUSIP Number. A CUSIP Number issued by the Standard & Poors CUSIP Service Bureau shall have been
obtained for the Senior Notes, with any Notes issued to investors pursuant to Regulation S receiving a separate CUSIP Number. 

16 

4.2.1.16 DTC Registration; Resales. The Senior Notes shall be eligible
and approved for clearing through DTC on the Closing Date. The Company initially appoints DTC to act as Depositary with respect to the Senior Notes. Senior Notes issued to Purchasers pursuant to Regulation S shall be eligible for resale under
Regulation S and Senior Notes issued to Purchasers pursuant to the private placement exemption available under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act shall be eligible for resale under Rule 144A of the Securities Act on the Closing Date. 

4.2.2 Conditions to the Companys Obligation. The obligation of the Company to
consummate the sale of the Senior Notes and Warrants and to effect the Closing is subject to the following: (a) with respect to a given Purchaser, delivery by or at the direction of such Purchaser to the Company of this Agreement, duly
authorized and executed by such Purchaser; (b) with respect to a given Purchaser, the Companys receipt of the Cash Consideration set forth on such Purchasers signature page, with such Cash Consideration being paid by wire transfer
of immediately available funds to the account designated by the Company in writing, (c) the Companys receipt from the Custodian, on the date that is one Business Day prior to Closing, confirmation that it has received all Exchanged Notes,
provided that the Company may waive the condition set forth in this clause (c) in its sole discretion, and provided further that the Closing Date shall not extend beyond the Outside Date; (d) the Companys receipt of the
Indenture, duly authorized and executed by the Trustee; (e) the Companys receipt, if such Purchaser elects to receive its portion of the Exchanged Notes Accrued Interest as a cash payment, of wire instructions completed by such Purchaser
on such date which is one (1) Business Day prior to Closing; and (f) the receipt of an executed signature page to the Warrant Agreement from each Purchaser. 

5. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY AND GUARANTORS. 

The Company and the Guarantors jointly and severally hereby represent and warrant to each Purchaser on the date hereof that: 

5.1 Organization; Powers. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (a) is duly incorporated, organized or formed and
validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and to own and lease its property, in each case except where the
failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (c) is qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the applicable jurisdiction) to do business in every jurisdiction
where such qualification is required, except in such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.2 Due Authorization, Execution and Delivery. The Companys and each of the Guarantors execution and delivery
of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the performance by the Company and each of the Guarantors of its or their obligations under this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which it is
a party, including the issuance of the Senior Notes and the Guarantees, has been duly and validly authorized by the Company and each of the Guarantors, and this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been
duly executed and delivered by the Company and each of the Guarantors, and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties thereto, this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents constitute legal, valid and
binding obligations of the Company and each of the Guarantors, in 

17 

accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of
equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. The Warrant Shares, when issued upon exercise of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights, issue
or transfer taxes (other than any such taxes in respect of any transfer by a Purchaser to another person occurring contemporaneously therewith), liens, charges and other encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders of such
Warrants Shares being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. 

5.3 No Conflicts. The execution,
delivery and performance by the Company and each of the Guarantors of the Transaction Documents to which they are a party (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental
Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) filings necessary to perfect Liens created by the Transaction Documents and (iii) consents, approvals, registrations, filings, permits or
actions the failure to obtain or perform which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate or require consent not obtained under the Organizational Documents of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture or other material agreement or instrument binding upon the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment, repurchase or redemption to be made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or give rise to a right of, or result in, termination, cancellation or
acceleration of any obligation thereunder, except, in each case, individually or in the aggregate, as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) will not violate any Requirement of Law except, individually
or in the aggregate, as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.4 Financial
Statements. 

5.4.1 Historical Financial Statements. On the Closing Date, the Company shall have delivered to
the Purchasers the Financial Statements. All financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its
consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates and for the periods to which they relate, except as indicated in any notes thereto and, in the case of any such unaudited financial statements, the absence of footnote disclosures and audit adjustments. 

5.4.2 Absence of Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2023, there has been no event, change, circumstance or
occurrence that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.5
Properties. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (a) has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its Property (other than Intellectual Property, which is subject to Section 5.6 and
not this Section 5.5) material to its business, except to the extent of any irregularities or deficiencies that would not be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (b) owns its Collateral free
and clear of all Liens except for Permitted Liens. Schedule 4.6 sets forth the address of each Material Real Property owned by a Note Party as of the Closing Date. 

18 

5.6 Intellectual Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries
owns, or is licensed (or authorized) to use, all Intellectual Property material to the conduct of its business as currently conducted. To the knowledge of the Company and each Guarantor, the operation of the business and the use of Intellectual
Property owned by the Company or such Subsidiary or licensed by the Company or such Subsidiary does not infringe, misappropriate, dilute or otherwise violate the Intellectual Property rights of any person, except to the extent such violations,
either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any Intellectual Property owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company and each Guarantor, threatened in writing against any the Company or its Subsidiaries, which, either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has taken (and caused its
Subsidiaries to take) all commercially reasonable steps to maintain, enforce and protect the material owned Intellectual Property of such parties and maintain such parties rights in any material licensed Intellectual Property. 

5.7 Equity Interests. As of the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any subsidiaries other
than those specifically disclosed on Schedule A, and all of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Company and its Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable (other than Equity Interests consisting of limited liability
company interests or partnership interests which, pursuant to the relevant organizational or formation documents, cannot be fully paid and nonassessable) and, on the Closing Date, all Equity Interests owned directly or indirectly by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries are owned free and clear of all Liens except (a) those created under the Security Documents, and (b) Permitted Liens. As of the Closing Date, Schedule A sets forth (i) the name and jurisdiction of organization
or incorporation of each Subsidiary, (ii) the ownership interest of the Company and any of their respective Subsidiaries in each of their respective Subsidiaries, including the percentage of such ownership by class (if applicable) and
(iii) all outstanding options, warrants, rights of conversion or purchase and similar rights with respect to the equity of the Company or its Subsidiaries. 

5.8 Litigation. There are no actions, suits or proceedings at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority
now pending or, to the knowledge of the Company and the Guarantors, threatened in writing against or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Company and the Guarantors or any of their
respective Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected, if adversely determined, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.9 Federal Reserve Regulations. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its
important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of buying or carrying Margin Stock. No part of the proceeds of the Securities will be used for any purpose that violates Regulation U or Regulation X. 

5.10 Investment Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

19 

5.11 Use of Proceeds. The Company will (or direct its Subsidiaries to)
use the proceeds of the sale of the Securities on the Closing Date, directly or indirectly through one or more related transactions, to finance (a) the Refinancing and (b) the payment of related fees, costs and expenses (including any
upfront fees and original issue discount) related to the sale of the Securities. 

5.12 Nasdaq Compliance. The Company
is in material compliance with the rules of Nasdaq, including, without limitation, the requirements for continued listing of the Common Stock on Nasdaq, and there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened in writing against the Company, and the Company has not received any notice from Nasdaq regarding the revocation of such listing or otherwise regarding the delisting of shares of the Common Stock. The Company has submitted a Listing of
Additional Shares Notification with Nasdaq with respect to the Warrant Shares and has received no objection thereto from Nasdaq. 

5.13
Taxes. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has (a) timely filed or caused to be timely filed all Tax Returns required to have been filed by it (taking into account all applicable extensions obtained), and (b) duly
and timely paid or remitted or caused to be duly and timely paid all Taxes due and payable by it; except, in either case of clause (a) and clause (b), (i) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which
such party has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP (or any other applicable accounting standard), or (ii) to the extent the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to
have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.14 No Material Misstatements.

5.14.1 No written information, report, financial statement, certificate, exhibit or schedule (in each case other than forecasts,
projections and other forward looking statements (collectively, Projections) and information of a general economic or industry nature) furnished by or on behalf of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any Purchaser in connection with
any Transaction Document or included in any SEC Filing or Transaction Document or delivered pursuant thereto, taken as a whole and when furnished, contained or contains any material misstatement of fact or omitted or omits to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were or are made, not materially misleading when taken as a whole as of the date such information, report, financial statement, certificate, exhibit or
schedule is dated or certified. 

5.14.2 With respect to any Projections delivered to any Purchaser, each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries represents only that on the date of delivery thereof it acted in good faith and utilized assumptions believed by it to be reasonable when made in light of the then current circumstances (it being understood that Projections are
predictions as to future events and are not to be viewed as facts and are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, which are beyond the control of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and that no assurance or guarantee can be given that
any Projections will be realized, that actual results may differ and such differences may be material). 

5.14.3 As of the Closing
Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all material respects. 

20 

5.15 Labor Matters. (a) There are no strikes, lockouts, or
slowdowns against the Company or its Subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Guarantors, threatened in writing, and (b) the consummation of the Transactions will not give rise to any right of termination or right of
renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is bound, other than to the extent that any of the foregoing matters in preceding clauses (a) and (b), individually or in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.16 Solvency. The Company
and each Guarantor is, individually and together with its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, on the Closing Date and after giving effect to the sale of the Securities, Solvent. The Company does not intend to, nor will it permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, nor does it believe that it or any of its Subsidiaries has or will, incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature, taking into account the timing of and amounts of cash to be received by it or any such Subsidiary
and the timing of the amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its Indebtedness or the Indebtedness of any such Subsidiary. 

5.17 Employee Benefit Plans. With respect to each Employee Benefit Plan, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in
compliance in all respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No ERISA Event has
occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or the imposition of a Lien on any of the property of the Company or its
Subsidiaries. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for financial reporting purposes of Financial Accounting Standards Board Topic 715) did not, as of the date of the most
recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the property of all such underfunded Plans by an amount that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Using actuarial assumptions and
computation methods consistent with Section 4211 of ERISA, the aggregate liabilities of each of the Company, its Subsidiaries or its or their ERISA Affiliates to all Multiemployer Plans in the event of a complete withdrawal therefrom, as of the
close of the most recent fiscal year of each such Multiemployer Plan, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. As of the date hereof, none of the Company or its Subsidiaries has been notified by the sponsor of a
Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan is insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA), and no such Multiemployer Plan is reasonably expected by the Company or its Subsidiaries to be insolvent, except, in each case, as would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.18 Environmental Matters. 

5.18.1 Except as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: 

5.18.1.1 each of the Company and its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses, operations and Real Property are in compliance with
all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits, and are not subject to any liability thereunder; 

21 

5.18.1.2 each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has obtained, maintain in full
force and effect, and are in compliance with all Environmental Permits required for the conduct of each of their businesses and operations, and the ownership, operation and use of each of their Real Property; 

5.18.1.3 there has been no Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material on, at, to, under or from any Real Property
presently, or to the knowledge of the Company, formerly owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other property for which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has or could reasonably be expected to have any
liability pursuant to Environmental Law or an Environmental Claim; 

5.18.1.4 there is no Environmental Claim pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened against any the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and 

5.18.1.5 no Lien has been recorded,
or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened under any Environmental Law with respect to any Real Property currently owned, operated or leased by the Company or its Subsidiaries. 

5.18.2 Sections 5.3, 5.4, 5.14, and this Section 5.18 contain the sole and exclusive
representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantors with respect to any matters arising under Environmental Laws or relating to Environmental Claims or Hazardous Materials. 

5.19 Security Documents. Each Security Document will, upon execution and delivery thereof, be effective to create in
favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and the benefit of the Secured Parties, legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Note Parties right, title and interest in and to the Collateral thereunder
under applicable U.S. state and federal law, except as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity and capital maintenance rules and (a) when appropriate filings or recordings are made in the
appropriate offices as may be required under applicable Requirements of Law (to the extent required thereunder), and (b) upon the taking of possession, control or other action by the Collateral Agent of such Collateral with respect to which a
security interest may be perfected only by possession, control or other action (which possession, control or other action shall be given to the Collateral Agent or taken by the Collateral Agent to the extent required by any Security Document), the
Liens in favor of Collateral Agent will, to the extent required by the Transaction Documents (including the Security Documents) constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Note Parties in such
Collateral, in each case under applicable U.S. state and federal law, subject to no Liens other than the applicable Permitted Liens. 

5.20 Anti-Terrorism Law. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is in material violation of any applicable
Requirement of Law relating to terrorism or money laundering (Anti-Terrorism Laws), including Executive Order No. 13224, effective September 24, 2001, and the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate
Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107 56, signed into law October 26, 2001 (the Patriot Act). The use of proceeds from the sale of the Securities will not violate the Trading With the
Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 1-44, as amended) or any applicable foreign asset control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 C.F.R. Subtitle B, Chapter V). 

22 

5.21 Sanctions. None of the Company, any Subsidiary, any director,
officer, employee, or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary is, or is owned or controlled by persons that are, the subject or target of any sanctions administered by the United States (including by OFAC and the U.S. Department of State) or any
similar laws or regulations enacted by the United Nations, the European Union or the United Kingdom (collectively, Sanctions), or is located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of comprehensive
Sanctions (including, currently, the Crimea region and the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic and so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic regions of Ukraine,
Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). The Company and its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company and the Guarantors, their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
Sanctions. The Company shall not use the proceeds of the sale of the Securities, directly or, to the Companys and the Guarantors knowledge, indirectly, or lend or contribute such proceeds to any Person, (a) for the purpose of
financing activities of or with any Person that is the subject or target of any Sanctions, or in any country that, at the time of such financing is, or whose government is, the subject or target of any comprehensive Sanctions, in each case, except
to the extent licensed by OFAC or otherwise authorized under U.S. law, or (b) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person participating in the purchase of the Securities. 

5.22 Anti-Corruption. No part of the proceeds of the sale of the Securities will be used directly or, knowingly,
indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or any other Person acting in an official or private capacity, in order to obtain, retain or
direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA), or any other anti-corruption laws. The Company, its Subsidiaries and, to the
knowledge of the Company, its and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents are in compliance in all material respects with the FCPA and all other applicable anti-corruption laws. 

5.23 Compliance with Law. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Requirements of Law and all
orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such Requirements of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or
(b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.24 Private Offering by the Company. None of the Note Parties nor anyone acting on their behalf has offered the
Securities for sale to, or solicited any offer to buy the Securities from, or otherwise approached or negotiated in respect thereof with, any Person other than the Purchasers, each of which has been offered the Securities in a private sale for
investment. None of the Note Parties nor anyone acting on their behalf has taken, or will take, any action that would subject the issuance or sale of the Securities to the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act or to the
registration requirements of any securities or blue sky laws of any applicable jurisdiction. None of the Note Parties nor, to their knowledge, any of their Affiliates, officers, directors or beneficial shareholders of 20% or more of its outstanding
securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. 

23 

5.25 Insurance. The properties and business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Company in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as is deemed adequate and appropriate by the Company. 

Any certificate signed by any officer or any authorized representative of the Company and delivered to the Purchasers shall be deemed a
representation and warranty by the Company to the Purchasers as to the matters covered thereby as of the date or dates indicated on such certificate. 

6. 

GENERAL COVENANTS, CONDITIONS AND AGREEMENTS. 

The Company and the Guarantors jointly and severally hereby further covenant and agree with each Purchaser as follows: 

6.1 Compliance with Laws. The Company and the Guarantors will comply, and will cause each of their Restricted Subsidiaries
to comply, with all Requirements of Law and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to the Company or any of its respective Restricted Subsidiaries or to their business or property, except to the extent that the failure to comply
therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.2 Payment of Taxes and Claims. The
Company and the Guarantors will, and cause each of their Restricted Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge promptly when due all Taxes imposed upon it or them or upon its or their income or profits or in respect of its or their property before the same
shall become delinquent or in default; provided, that, such payment and discharge shall not be required with respect to any such Tax so long as (a) the validity or amount thereof shall be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and
the Company, the Guarantor or their Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP (or any other applicable accounting
standard) or (b) the failure to pay would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.3 Existence; Properties. 

6.3.1 The Company and the Guarantors will, and cause each of their Restricted Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things
necessary to preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence, except, in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary, where the failure to perform such obligations would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. 

6.3.2 The Company and the Guarantors will, and cause each of their Restricted Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all
things reasonably necessary to obtain, preserve, renew, extend and keep in full force and effect the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, authorizations and Intellectual Property which are necessary and material to the conduct of its
business (except where the failure to do so could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect); and comply with all applicable Requirements of Law and decrees and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or to its
business or property, except to the extent failure to comply therewith, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

24 

6.3.3 Except to the extent that the failure to do so would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and the Guarantors will, and cause each of their Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain, preserve and protect all of its or their properties and equipment material to
the operation of its business in good working order, repair and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and casualty or condemnation excepted. 

6.4 Anti-Terrorism; Sanctions; Anti-Corruption. 

6.4.1 The Company and the Guarantors will comply (and cause each of their Subsidiaries to comply) in all material respects with all
applicable Sanctions, anti-corruption laws and anti-terrorism Laws. 

6.4.2 The Company and the Guarantors will, and cause each of
their Restricted Subsidiaries to, (i) not purchase the Securities or make any other payment to any Purchaser, using funds or properties of the Company, the Guarantors or any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries that are, to the knowledge
of the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, the property of any Person that is the subject or target of applicable Sanctions or that are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any Person that is the subject or target of applicable
Sanctions, in each case, that would cause a violation of anti-terrorism Laws or applicable Sanctions or any other applicable Requirement of Law by any Person and (ii) not permit any Person that is the subject of Sanctions to have, to the
knowledge of the Company or any Guarantor, any direct or indirect interest, in the Company, any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries, with the result that the investment in the Company, any Guarantor or any of their respective
Subsidiaries (whether directly or indirectly) or the purchase of the Securities made by the Purchasers would be in violation of any applicable Sanctions. 

6.4.3 The Company and the Guarantors will, and will cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, maintain in effect and enforce
policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Company, the Guarantors, their respective Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with the FCPA, other applicable anti-corruption
laws and Sanctions. 

6.5 Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the proceeds of the Securities only for the purposes
set forth in Section 2.7. 

6.6 Absence of Control. It is the intent of the parties to this
Agreement that in no event shall the Purchasers, by reason of any of the Transaction Documents, be deemed to Control, directly or indirectly, the Company, and the Purchasers shall not exercise, or be deemed to exercise, directly or indirectly, a
controlling influence over the management or policies of the Company. 

25 

7. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASERS. 

Each Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company, severally and not jointly, as follows: 

7.1 Legal Power and Authority. It has all necessary power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. It is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization. 

7.2 Authorization and Execution. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by
all necessary action on the part of such Purchaser, and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto and thereto, this Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against such
Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally or by general equitable
principles. 

7.3 No Conflicts. Neither the execution, delivery or performance of the Transaction Documents nor the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated thereby will conflict with, violate, constitute a breach of or a default (whether with or without the giving of notice or lapse of time or both) under (a) its organizational documents,
(b) any agreement to which it is party, (c) any law applicable to it or (d) any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award binding upon or affecting it, except in the case of clauses (b), (c) and (d) above,
for such conflicts, violations, breaches or defaults which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of such Purchaser to perform its obligations hereunder. 

7.4 Exchanged Notes. The Purchaser (a) has good title to each of the Exchanged Notes it holds and (b) holds
such Exchanged Notes free and clear of all Liens except for Permitted Liens. 

7.5 Purchase for Investment. It is
purchasing the Securities for its own account and not with a view to distribution and with no present intention of reselling, distributing or otherwise disposing of the same in violation of applicable securities laws. It has no present or
contemplated agreement, undertaking, arrangement, obligation, Indebtedness or commitment providing for, or which is likely to compel, a disposition of the Securities in any manner in violation of the applicable federal and state securities laws
in the United States. 

7.6 Institutional Accredited Investor. It is and will be on the Closing Date (a) an
institutional accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D and as contemplated by subsections (1), (2), (3) and (7) of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D, and has no less than
$5,000,000 in total assets, or (b) a QIB. 

7.7 Financial and Business Sophistication. It has such knowledge and
experience in financial and business matters that it is fully capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities. It has relied solely upon its own knowledge of, and/or the advice of its own legal, financial
or other advisors with regard to, the legal, financial, tax and other considerations involved in deciding to invest in the Securities. 

26 

7.8 Ability to Bear Economic Risk of Investment. It recognizes that an
investment in the Securities is a speculative investment that involves substantial risk, including risks related to the Companys business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows, which risks it has carefully considered in
connection with making an investment in the Securities. It has the ability to bear the economic risk of the prospective investment in the Securities, including the ability to hold the Securities indefinitely, and further including the ability to
bear a complete loss of all of its investment in the Company. 

7.9 Information. It acknowledges that (a) it is
not being provided with the disclosures that would be required if the offer and sale of the Securities were registered under the Securities Act, nor is it being provided with any offering circular, private placement memorandum or prospectus prepared
in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities; (b) it has conducted its own examination of the Company and the terms of the Transaction Documents to the extent it deems necessary to make its decision to invest in the Securities;
(c) it has availed itself of publicly available financial and other information concerning the Company to the extent it deems necessary to make its decision to purchase the Securities (including meeting with representatives of the Company); and
(d) it has not received nor relied on any form of general advertising or, to its knowledge, general solicitation (within the meaning of Regulation D) from the Company in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities. It has had the
opportunity to review the information set forth in the SEC Filings, the exhibits thereto and the information contained in the data room established by the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

7.10 Access to Information. It acknowledges that it and its advisors have been furnished with all materials relating to
the business, finances and operations of the Company that have been requested by it or its advisors and have been given the opportunity to ask questions of, and to receive answers from, persons acting on behalf of the Company concerning terms and
conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in order to make an informed and voluntary decision to enter into this Agreement. 

7.11 Investment Decision. It has made its own investment decision based upon its own judgment, due diligence and advice
from its advisors as it has deemed necessary and not upon any view expressed by any other Person or entity, including with respect to the Indenture, the Trustee. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by it or
its advisors or representatives, if any, shall modify, amend or affect its right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained herein. It is not relying upon, and has not relied upon, any advice, statement, representation or
warranty made by any Person by or on behalf of the Company, including, without limitation, with respect to the Indenture, the Trustee, except for the express statements, representations and warranties of the Company made or contained in this
Agreement. Furthermore, it acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to it in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. 

27 

7.12 Private Placement; No Registration; Restricted Legends. It
understands and acknowledges that the Securities are being sold by the Company without registration under the Securities Act in reliance on the exemption from federal and state registration set forth in, respectively, Rule 506(b) of
Regulation D promulgated under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Section 18 of the Securities Act, or any state securities laws, and accordingly, may be resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only if exemptions from the
Securities Act and applicable state securities laws are available to it. It is not subscribing for the Securities as a result of or subsequent to any general advertising or, to its knowledge, general solicitation, in each case within the meaning of
Rule 502(c) of Regulation D, including any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting. It
further acknowledges and agrees that all certificates or other instruments representing the Securities will bear the restrictive legend set forth in the form of Senior Note or Warrant Agreement which is attached as an exhibit to the Indenture, or
Warrant Agreement, as applicable. It further acknowledges its primary responsibilities under the Securities Act and, accordingly, will not sell or otherwise transfer the Securities or any interest therein without complying with the requirements of
the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Company has not made or is making any representation, warranty or covenant, express or implied, as to the availability of any exemption from registration under the
Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws for the resale, pledge or other transfer of the Securities. 

7.13 No
Market. It will purchase the Securities directly from the Company and understands that no other broker or dealer has any obligation to make a market in the Securities. 

7.14 Accuracy of Representations. It understands that the Company is relying and will rely upon the truth and accuracy of
the foregoing representations, acknowledgements and agreements in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and agrees that if any of the representations or acknowledgements made by it are no longer accurate as of the Closing
Date, or if any of the agreements made by it are breached on or prior to the Closing Date, it shall promptly notify the Company. 

7.15
Representations and Warranties Generally. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in this Agreement are true and correct as of the date hereof and will be true and correct as of the Closing Date and as
otherwise specifically provided herein. Any certificate signed by a duly authorized representative of the Purchaser and delivered to the Company or to counsel for the Company shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Purchaser to
the Company as to the matters set forth therein. 

8. 

MISCELLANEOUS. 

8.1 Prohibition on Assignment by the Company. Except as described in the Indenture or the applicable Warrant Agreement,
the Company may not assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or the Securities without the consent of (i) if prior to the Closing Date, Purchasers that have agreed to purchase a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the Senior Notes or majority in number of Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants, as applicable, then outstanding or (ii) if after the Closing Date, Holders (as defined in the Indenture or Warrant Agreement, as applicable)
of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes or majority in number of Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants, as applicable, then outstanding. 

8.2 Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence for this Agreement. 

28 

8.3 Waiver or Amendment. No waiver or amendment of any term, provision,
condition, covenant or agreement herein shall be effective unless in writing and signed by (i) if prior to the Closing Date, Purchasers that have agreed to purchase a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes or majority in
number of Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants, as applicable, then outstanding or (ii) if after the Closing Date, Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal of the applicable Securities then-outstanding. Waiver or amendment of any term
of the Indenture and/or the Senior Note shall be governed by the terms of the Indenture and waiver of any term of a Warrant Agreement shall be governed by the terms of such Warrant Agreement. No failure to exercise or delay in exercising, by a
Purchaser or any Holder of the Securities, of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the
exercise of any other right or remedy provided by law. The rights and remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any right or remedy provided by law or equity. 

8.4 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is unenforceable or invalid or contrary to law, or the inclusion
of which would adversely affect the validity, legality or enforcement of this Agreement, shall be of no effect and, in such case, all the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall subsist and be fully effective according to the tenor of
this Agreement the same as though any such invalid portion had never been included herein. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing to the contrary, if any provisions of this Agreement or the application thereof are held invalid or unenforceable only as
to particular persons or situations, the remainder of this Agreement, and the application of such provision to persons or situations other than those to which it shall have been held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, but shall
continue valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

8.5 Notices. Any notice which any party
hereto may be required or may desire to give hereunder shall be deemed to have been given if in writing and if delivered personally, or if mailed, postage prepaid, by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or if
delivered by a responsible overnight commercial courier promising next Business Day delivery, addressed: 

if to the Company: 

KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc.

3040 Post
Oak Boulevard, Suite 1500

Houston, Texas 77056

Attention:
Keefer Lehner, Chief Financial Officer

with a copy to: 

Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.

Trammel Crow
Center

2001 Ross Avenue

Suite 3900

Dallas, Texas 75201

Attention: Sarah K. Morgan; Katherine
Frank

if to the Purchasers: To the address indicated on such Purchasers signature page.

29 

or to such other address or addresses as the party to be given notice may have furnished in writing to the
party seeking or desiring to give notice, as a place for the giving of notice; provided that no change in address shall be effective until five (5) Business Days after being given to the other party in the manner provided for above. Any notice
given in accordance with the foregoing shall be deemed given when delivered personally or, if mailed, three (3) Business Days after it shall have been deposited in the United States mails as aforesaid or, if sent by overnight courier, the
Business Day following the date of delivery to such courier (provided next Business Day delivery was requested). 

8.6
Successors and Assigns. All covenants and other agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns (including any subsequent
Holder of a Security) whether so expressed or not. 

8.7 No Joint Venture. Nothing contained herein or in any document
executed pursuant hereto and no action or inaction whatsoever on the part of a Purchaser, shall be deemed to make a Purchaser a partner or joint venturer with the Company. 

8.8 Documentation. All documents and other matters required by any of the provisions of this Agreement to be submitted or
furnished to a Purchaser shall be in form and substance satisfactory to such Purchaser. 

8.9 Entire Agreement. This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and may not be modified or amended in any manner other than by supplemental written agreement executed by the parties hereto. No party,
in entering into this Agreement, has relied upon any representation, warranty, covenant, condition or other term that is not set forth in this Agreement, the Indenture, the Senior Notes, or the Warrant Agreement. 

8.10 Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York without giving effect to its laws or principles of conflict of laws that would permit the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such State. Nothing herein shall be deemed to limit any rights, powers or privileges which a
Purchaser may have pursuant to any law of the United States of America or any rule, regulation or order of any department or agency thereof and nothing herein shall be deemed to make unlawful any transaction or conduct by a Purchaser which is lawful
pursuant to, or which is permitted by, any of the foregoing. 

8.11 No Third Party Beneficiary. This Agreement is made
for the sole benefit of the Company and the Purchasers, and no other Person shall be deemed to have any privity of contract hereunder nor any right to rely hereon to any extent or for any purpose whatsoever, nor shall any other Person have any right
of action of any kind hereon or be deemed to be a third party beneficiary hereunder. 

8.12 Legal Tender of United
States. All payments hereunder shall be made in coin or currency which at the time of payment is legal tender in the United States of America for public and private debts. 

30 

8.13 Captions; Counterparts. Captions contained in this Agreement in no
way define, limit or extend the scope or intent of their respective provisions. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall
be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. In the event that any signature is an electronic signature or is delivered by facsimile transmission, or by
e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and
effect as if such signature page were an original thereof. 

8.14 Knowledge; Discretion. All references herein to
a Purchasers or the Companys knowledge shall be deemed to mean the knowledge of such party based on the actual knowledge of such partys Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer or such other persons holding equivalent
offices. Unless specified to the contrary herein, all references herein to an exercise of discretion or judgment by a Purchaser, to the making of a determination or designation by a Purchaser, to the application of a Purchasers discretion or
opinion, to the granting or withholding of a Purchasers consent or approval, to the consideration of whether a matter or thing is satisfactory or acceptable to a Purchaser, or otherwise involving the decision making of a Purchaser, shall be
deemed to mean that such Purchaser shall decide using the reasonable discretion or judgment of a prudent investor. 

8.15
Waiver Of Right To Jury Trial. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THE PARTIES HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT THAT THEY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION ARISING IN ANY WAY IN
CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, OR ANY OTHER STATEMENTS OR ACTIONS OF THE COMPANY OR THE PURCHASERS. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE BEEN REPRESENTED IN THE SIGNING OF THIS AGREEMENT AND IN THE MAKING OF THIS WAIVER BY
INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL SELECTED OF THEIR OWN FREE WILL. THE PARTIES FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT (a) THEY HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE MEANING AND RAMIFICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (b) THIS WAIVER HAS BEEN REVIEWED BY THE PARTIES AND THEIR
COUNSEL AND IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR ENTRY INTO THIS AGREEMENT, AND (c) THIS WAIVER SHALL BE EFFECTIVE AS TO EACH OF SUCH TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS AS IF FULLY INCORPORATED THEREIN. 

8.16 Expenses. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each of the parties will bear and pay all other costs and
expenses incurred by it or on its behalf in connection with the transactions contemplated pursuant to this Agreement. 

8.17
Survival. Each of the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement shall survive the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby for a period of one year after the date hereof. Except as otherwise provided
herein, all covenants and agreements contained herein shall survive until, by their respective terms, they are no longer operative. 

31 

8.18 Tax Documentation. Each Purchaser covenants and agrees to deliver
to the Company at least three (3) days prior to the Closing Date, properly completed and duly executed originals of whichever of the following is applicable to such Purchaser: (a) an Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Form W-9 or (b)
IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-8BEN or other applicable IRS Form W-8 (including any IRS forms, documents or schedules required to be attached thereto, including, in the case of a Purchaser claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio
interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, a certificate to the effect that such Purchaser is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Company within the
meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation related to the Company as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code); provided, such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that if it fails to
provide such forms or other documentation discussed in this Section 8.18 at least three (3) days prior to the Closing Date, then the Company may as required by applicable Requirements of Law withhold on any (i) cash payments or (ii) non-cash
payments (including deemed payments) through a sale of all or a portion of the Senior Notes, in each case, to or for the benefit of such Purchaser at the applicable withholding rate. 

8.19 Tax Matters. The Senior Notes and Warrants will be treated for income tax purposes as investment units
within the meaning of Section 1273(c)(2) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.1273-2(h). The issue price for income tax purposes of an investment unit consisting of a $1,000 principal amount of Senior Notes and the right pursuant
to a Warrant to purchase 10.2222045141282 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement) is $970, and such issue price will be allocated between such Senior Notes and such right pursuant to a
Warrant based on the relative fair market value of such Senior Notes and such right pursuant to a Warrant. Promptly following Closing, the Company shall furnish to the Purchasers an issue price allocation for the investment units, and such
allocation shall for income tax purposes be binding on the Purchasers to the extent required pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.1273-2(h)(2). The Company and the Purchasers agree not to take a position for U.S. federal or state income
tax purposes which is inconsistent with this Section 8.19 (including in the filing of any tax or information returns), except as otherwise required following a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the
Code to the contrary. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

32 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be
executed by its duly authorized representative as of the date first above written. 

COMPANY:

KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Max Bouthillette

Name: Max Bouthillette

Title: Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary

GUARANTORS:

KRYPTON HOLDCO, LLC

By: /s/ Max Bouthillette

Name: Max Bouthillette

Title: Vice President and Secretary

KRYPTON INTERMEDIATE, LLC

By: /s/ Max Bouthillette

Name: Max Bouthillette

Title: Vice President and Secretary

KLX ENERGY SERVICES INC.

By: /s/ Max Bouthillette

Name: Max Bouthillette

Title: Vice President and Secretary

Signature Page 

KLX ENERGY SERVICES LLC

By: /s/ Max Bouthillette

Name: Max Bouthillette

Title: Vice President and Secretary

KLX DIRECTIONAL DRILLING, LLC

By: /s/ Max Bouthillette

Name: Max Bouthillette

Title: Vice President and Secretary

CENTERLINE TRUCKING, LLC

By: /s/ Max Bouthillette

Name: Max Bouthillette

Title: Vice President and Secretary

Signature Page 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Purchaser has caused this Securities Purchase
Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representative as of the date first above written. 

PURCHASER:

CROSS OCEAN GLOBAL SIF (A) S. R.L.

By: 

/s/ Claude Crauser

Name: Claude Crauser

Title: Manager

By: 

/s/ Luca Gallinelli

Name: Luca Gallinelli

Title: Manager

PURCHASER:

CROSS OCEAN GLOBAL SIF (H) Sarl

By: 

/s/ Claude Crauser

Name: Claude Crauser

Title: Manager

By: 

/s/ Luca Gallinelli

Name: Luca Gallinelli

Title: Manager

PURCHASER:

CROSS OCEAN GLOBAL SIF ESS (K) S. r.l.

By: 

/s/ Claude Crauser

Name: Claude Crauser

Title: Manager

By: 

/s/ Luca Gallinelli

Name: Luca Gallinelli

Title: Manager

PURCHASER:

CROSS OCEAN USSS MASTER FUND II (A) LP

By: 

/s/ Matthew Rymer

Name: Matthew Rymer

Title: Authorized Signatory

PURCHASER:

CROSS OCEAN GSS MASTER FUND LP

By: 

/s/ Matthew Rymer

Name: Matthew Rymer

Title: Authorized Signatory

PURCHASER:

FIDELITY STRATEGIC INCOME MOTHER FUND

By: FIAM LLC, as Sub-Advisor or as otherwise authorized

By: 

/s/ Chris Maher

Name: Chris Maher

Title: Authorized Signatory

Fidelity ID: [*]

PURCHASER:

FIDELITY CENTRAL INVESTMENT PORTFOLIOS LLC: FIDELITY HIGH INCOME CENTRAL FUND

By: 

/s/ Chris Maher

Name: Chris Maher

Title: Authorized Signatory

Fidelity ID: [*]

PURCHASER:

FIDELITY AMERICAN HIGH YIELD FUND

By: Fidelity Investments Canada ULC, its manager

By: 

/s/ Chris Maher

Name: Chris Maher

Title: Authorized Signatory

Fidelity ID: [*]

PURCHASER:

MASTER TRUST BANK OF JAPAN LTD. RE: FIDELITY US HIGH YIELD OPEN MOTHER FUND

By: FIAM LLC, as Sub-Advisor or as otherwise authorized

By: 

/s/ Chris Maher

Name: Chris Maher

Title: Authorized Signatory

Fidelity ID: [*]

PURCHASER:

FIDELITY U.S. HIGH YIELD INSTITUTIONAL TRUST

By: Fidelity Investments Canada ULC, its Manager

By: 

/s/ Chris Maher

Name: Chris Maher

Title: Authorized Signatory

Fidelity ID: [*]

PURCHASER:

FIDELITY ADVISOR SERIES I: FIDELITY ADVISOR HIGH INCOME ADVANTAGE FUND

By: 

/s/ Chris Maher

Name: Chris Maher

Title: Authorized Signatory

Fidelity ID: [*]

PURCHASER:

METEORA SELECT TRADING OPPORTUNITIES MASTER, LP

By: /s/ Joe Levy

Name: Joe Levy

Title: CFO/COO

PURCHASER:

ALGEBRIS .(UK) LIMITED, ACTING SOLELY AS AGENT ON BEHALF OF ALGEBRIS UCITS FUNDS PLC ALGEBRIS GLOBAL CREDIT
OPPORTUNITIES FUND

By: /s/ Alex Lasagna

Name: Alex Lasagna

Title: Director

PURCHASER:

DEANS KNIGHT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LTD

By: /s/ Dillon Cameron

Name: Dillon Cameron

Title: Portfolio Manager

PURCHASER:

WINDERMERE INVESTMENT CORPORATION

By: /s/ George Myhal

Name: George Myhal

Title: President & CEO

PURCHASER:

AMZAK CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC

By: /s/ Sam Barker

Name: Sam Barker

Title: Managing Director

PURCHASER:

WHITEBOX ADVISORS LLC

By: /s/ Andrew Thau

Name: Andrew Thau

Title: Managing Director

PURCHASER:

NEWPORT GLOBAL ADVISORS

By: /s/ Roger May

Name: Roger May

Title: Managing Director

PURCHASER:

CONCISE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP

By: /s/ Tom Kranser

Name: Tom Kranser

Title: Co-Founder / Portfolio Manager

PURCHASER:

/s/ David Cohen

David Cohen

PURCHASER:

BOOTHBAY ABSOLUTE RETURN STRATEGIES, LP

By: /s/ Daniel Bloom

Name: Daniel Bloom

Title: CFO

Signature Page 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF INDENTURE (INCLUDING FORM OF SENIOR NOTE) 

Exhibit A 

Exhibit A 

to the Security Purchase Agreement 

KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC.

SENIOR SECURED FLOATING RATE CASH / PIK NOTES DUE 2030 

INDENTURE 

dated as of
March [__], 2025, 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Trustee and Collateral Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01 Defined Terms 1 

Section 1.02 Classification of Notes 49 

Section 1.03 Terms Generally 49 

Section 1.04 Accounting Terms; GAAP; Tax Laws 50 

Section 1.05 [Reserved] 52 

Section 1.06 Limited Condition Acquisition 52 

Section 1.07 Times of Day 53 

Section 1.08 Deliveries 53 

Section 1.09 Schedules and Exhibits 53 

Section 1.10 Currency Generally 53 

Section 1.11 Basket Amounts and Application of Multiple Relevant Provisions 54 

Section 1.12 Acts of Holders 54 

Section 1.13 Currency Translation 56 

Section 1.14 Disclaimer and Exculpation With Respect to SOFR and any Benchmark Rate 57 

ARTICLE II 

THE NOTES 

Section 2.01 Form and Dating, Terms 58 

Section 2.02 Execution and Authentication 60 

Section 2.03 Registrar; Paying Agent 61 

Section 2.04 Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust 61 

Section 2.05 Holder Lists 61 

Section 2.06 Transfers and Exchange 62 

Section 2.07 Replacement Notes 63 

Section 2.08 Outstanding Notes 63 

Section 2.09 Treasury Notes 64 

Section 2.10 Temporary Notes 64 

Section 2.11 Cancellation 64 

Section 2.12 Calculations 65 

Section 2.13 Interest on Notes 65 

Section 2.14 CUSIP and ISIN Numbers 68 

Section 2.15 Persons Deemed Owners 68 

Section 2.16 Alternate Rate of Interest 69 

Section 2.17 

Benchmark Replacement Setting 69 

i 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTION AND PREPAYMENT 

Section 3.01 Notices to Trustee 71 

Section 3.02 Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed 71 

Section 3.03 Notice of Optional Redemption 71 

Section 3.04 Effect of Notice of Redemption 73 

Section 3.05 Deposit of Redemption Price 73 

Section 3.06 Notes Redeemed in Part 73 

Section 3.07 Optional Redemption 74 

Section 3.08 Net Cash Proceeds Offers 74 

Section 3.09 Change of Control 78 

Section 3.10 [Reserved.] 79 

Section 3.11 Applicable Other Indebtedness 79 

Section 3.12 Mandatory Quarterly Redemption 79 

ARTICLE IV

[RESERVED] 

ARTICLE V 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Section 5.01 Payment of Notes 81 

Section 5.02 Maintenance of Office or Agency 81 

Section 5.03 Financial Statements, Reports, etc. Furnish to the Trustee and each Holder: 82 

Section 5.04 Litigation and Other Notices 84 

Section 5.05 Existence; Properties 84 

Section 5.06 Insurance 85 

Section 5.07 Taxes 85 

Section 5.08 Employee Benefits 85 

Section 5.09 Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and Inspections 86 

Section 5.10 Use of Proceeds 86 

Section 5.11 Compliance with Environmental Laws; Environmental Reports 86 

Section 5.12 Additional Collateral; Additional Guarantors 87 

Section 5.13 Security Interests; Further Assurances 89 

Section 5.14 Maintenance of Ratings 89 

Section 5.15 Compliance with Law 90 

Section 5.16 Anti-Terrorism; Sanctions; Anti-Corruption 90 

Section 5.17 Post-Closing Deliveries 90 

ARTICLE VI 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Section 6.01 Indebtedness 90 

Section 6.02 Liens 95 

Section 6.03 Investments, Loans and Advances 99 

ii 

Section 6.04 Mergers and Consolidations 103 

Section 6.05 Asset Sales 104 

Section 6.06 Dividends 106 

Section 6.07 Transactions with Affiliates 108 

Section 6.08 Financial Covenants 109 

Section 6.09 Prepayments of Certain Indebtedness; Modifications of Organizational Documents and Other Documents, etc. 110 

Section 6.10 No Further Negative Pledge; Subsidiary Distributions 111 

Section 6.11 Nature of Business 112 

Section 6.12 Fiscal Year 112 

Section 6.13 Hedging Obligations 112 

ARTICLE VII 

GUARANTEE 

Section 7.01 Guarantees 113 

Section 7.02 Execution and Delivery of Guarantee 114 

Section 7.03 Severability 114 

Section 7.04 Limitation of Guarantors Liability 114 

Section 7.05 Releases 115 

Section 7.06 Benefits Acknowledged 116 

ARTICLE VIII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

Section 8.01 Events of Default 116 

Section 8.02 Other Remedies 120 

Section 8.03 Waiver of Past Defaults 121 

Section 8.04 Control by Majority 121 

Section 8.05 Limitation on Suits 121 

Section 8.06 Rights of Holders of Notes to Receive Payment 121 

Section 8.07 Collection Suit by Trustee 122 

Section 8.08 Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 122 

Section 8.09 Application of Proceeds 122 

Section 8.10 Equity Cure 123 

ARTICLE IX 

THE TRUSTEE AND AGENTS 

Section 9.01 Duties of Trustee 125 

Section 9.02 Rights of Trustee 126 

Section 9.03 Individual Rights of the Trustee 127 

Section 9.04 Trustees Disclaimer 128 

Section 9.05 Notice of Defaults 128 

Section 9.06 Compensation and Indemnity 128 

Section 9.07 Replacement of Trustee 129 

Section 9.08 

Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc. 130 

Section 9.09 Eligibility; Disqualification 130 

Section 9.10 Appointment of Authenticating Agent 130 

Section 9.11 The Calculation Agent 131 

iii 

ARTICLE X 

COLLATERAL 

Section 10.01 The Collateral 133 

Section 10.02 Maintenance of Collateral; Further Assurances 134 

Section 10.03 Release of Liens on the Collateral 134 

Section 10.04 Authorization of Actions to be Taken by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent Under the Security Documents 135 

Section 10.05 Notes Collateral Account 137 

Section 10.06 Information Regarding Collateral 137 

Section 10.07 Regarding the Collateral Agent 138 

ARTICLE XI 

DEFEASANCE; DISCHARGE OF THIS INDENTURE 

Section 11.01 Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 140 

Section 11.02 Legal Defeasance 140 

Section 11.03 Covenant Defeasance 140 

Section 11.04 Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance 141 

Section 11.05 Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust, Other Miscellaneous Provisions 142 

Section 11.06 Repayment to Issuer 143 

Section 11.07 Reinstatement 143 

Section 11.08 Discharge 143 

ARTICLE XII 

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 

Section 12.01 Without Consent of Holders of the Notes 144 

Section 12.02 With Consent of Holders of Notes 147 

Section 12.03 Revocation and Effect of Consents 148 

Section 12.04 Notation on or Exchange of Notes 148 

Section 12.05 Trustee to Sign Amendments, Etc. 149 

Section 12.06 Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel 149 

ARTICLE XIII 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 13.01 Concerning the Trust Indenture Act 149 

Section 13.02 Notices 149 

Section 13.03 Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent 151 

Section 13.04 Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion 152 

Section 13.05 Rules by Trustee and Agents 153 

Section 13.06 

No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders 153 

iv 

Section 13.07 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 153 

Section 13.08 No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 153 

Section 13.09 Successors 153 

Section 13.10 Severability 154 

Section 13.11 Execution in Counterparts; Electronic Signature 154 

Section 13.12 Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 154 

Section 13.13 Force Majeure 154 

Section 13.14 Legal Holidays 154 

Section 13.15 Benefit of the Indenture 155 

Section 13.16 

Controlling Party 155 

v 

ANNEXES 

Appendix A Provisions Relating to Initial Notes, PIK Notes and Additional Notes

SCHEDULES 

Schedule 1.01(a) Specified Holders

Schedule 1.01(b) Specified Letters of Credit

Schedule 5.17 Post-Closing Deliveries

Schedule 6.01(b) Existing Indebtedness

Schedule 6.02(c) Existing Liens

Schedule 6.03(b) Existing Investments

Schedule 6.07 Transactions with Affiliates

Schedule 6.10 Burdensome Agreements

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A Form of Note

Exhibit B Form of Transferee Letter of Representation for Transfers to IAIs

Exhibit C Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit D Form of Interest Election Request

Exhibit E Form of PIK Interest Election Notice

Exhibit F Form of Supplemental Indenture

Exhibit G Form of Security Agreement

Exhibit H Form of ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement

vi 

INDENTURE 

This INDENTURE (including all exhibits and schedules hereto, this Indenture), dated as of March [__], 2025, is made
by and among KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), each of the Guarantors from time to time party hereto, and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (U.S.
Bank), as trustee (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Trustee) and as notes collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the
Collateral Agent). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the Issuer has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture to provide for the issuance of (a) the Senior
Secured Floating Rate Cash / PIK Notes due 2030 (the Initial Notes) in an aggregate principal amount equal to $232,160,000, (b) from time to time PIK Notes (as defined below) and (c) any additional Notes, with the exception
of any PIK Notes (the Additional Notes and, together with the Initial Notes and the PIK Notes, the Notes) that may be issued after the Closing Date, in each case, to be guaranteed as provided herein by the
Guarantors. 

WHEREAS, all things necessary have been done by the Note Parties to make this Indenture, when executed and delivered by the
Note Parties and the other parties hereto, a valid, binding and legal instrument; 

WHEREAS, all things necessary have been done by the
Note Parties to make the Notes, when executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture, the valid obligations of the Note Parties. 

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH: 

For and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Notes by the Holders thereof, it is mutually covenanted and agreed, for the
equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders, as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Indenture (including in the preamble and the recitals above), the following terms
shall have the meanings specified below: 

2018 Secured Senior Notes means the 11.50% senior secured notes due 2025
issued pursuant to the 2018 Secured Senior Notes Indenture. 

2018 Secured Senior Notes Indenture means that certain
Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2018, by and among the Issuer, as issuer, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and as notes collateral agent. 

ABL Administrative Agent means Eclipse Business Capital LLC, in its
capacity as Administrative Agent under the ABL Credit Agreement, and its successors and assigns in such capacity. 

ABL Collateral
Agent means Eclipse Business Capital LLC, in its capacity as collateral agent and/or security trustee (as applicable) under the ABL Credit Agreement, and its successors and assigns in such capacity. 

ABL Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025, by and among the Issuer, the
several lenders from time to time party thereto from time to time, the ABL Administrative Agent, the ABL Collateral Agent and the other agents or parties named therein and including any notes, guarantees, collateral and security documents,
instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith (including Hedging Obligations related to the Indebtedness incurred thereunder), and in each case as such agreement or facility may be amended (including any amendment or restatement
thereof), supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including any agreement or indenture exchanging, extending the maturity of refinancing, renewing, replacing, substituting or otherwise restructuring, whether in the bank or debt capital
markets (or combination thereof) (including increasing the amount of available borrowings thereunder, changing the maturity or adding or removing Subsidiaries as borrowers or guarantors thereunder and whether or not with the same agents, lenders,
investors or holders) all or any portion of the Indebtedness under such agreement or facility or any successor or replacement agreement or facility. 

ABL Documents means the ABL Credit Agreement, any additional credit agreement, note purchase agreement, indenture or other
agreement related thereto and all other loan or note documents, collateral or security documents, notes, guarantees, instruments and agreements governing or evidencing, or executed or delivered in connection with, the ABL Credit Agreement or any
Pari Passu ABL Lien Indebtedness, as such agreements or instruments may be amended, supplemented, modified, restated, replaced, renewed, refunded, restructured, increased or refinanced from time to time. 

ABL Loans has the meaning assigned to the term Loans in the ABL Credit Agreement (as in effect on the Closing
Date).

ABL Obligations means all Indebtedness, liabilities and obligations (of every kind or nature) incurred
or arising under or relating to the ABL Documents that is secured by a lien permitted under Section 6.02(n) hereof, and all other obligations of the Issuer or any Guarantor in respect thereof. 

ABL Priority Collateral has the meaning assigned to the term ABL Priority Collateral in the ABL/Note
Intercreditor Agreement (as in effect on the Closing Date). 

ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement means the Intercreditor
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, substantially in the form of Exhibit G, by and among the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Trustee, the Collateral Agent, the ABL Administrative Agent, the ABL Collateral Agent,
and the other Persons from time to time party thereto, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

2 

ABR Note means any Note bearing interest at a rate determined by
reference to the Alternate Base Rate in accordance with the provisions of Article II. 

ABR Term SOFR
Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR. 

Acceptance
Notice has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.09(a). 

Additional Guarantor means any
Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary incorporated under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia that becomes a Guarantor after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.12. 

Additional Notes means Notes (other than the Initial Notes and the PIK Notes) issued pursuant to Article II and
otherwise in compliance with the provisions of this Indenture whether or not they bear the same CUSIP number. 

Affiliate means, when used with respect to a specified person, another person that directly, or indirectly through one or
more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the person specified; provided, however, that neither any Holder nor the Trustee nor any Agent (nor any of their Affiliates) shall be deemed to be an
Affiliate of the Issuer or any of their respective Subsidiaries solely by virtue of its capacity as a Holder, the Trustee or Agent hereunder. 

Agent means any Registrar, Calculation Agent, Paying Agent, Authenticating Agent,
co-registrar or other agent appointed pursuant to this Indenture. 

AHYDO Catch-Up Payment means any mandatory prepayment or redemption pursuant to the terms of any Indebtedness in the minimum amount required to cause such Indebtedness not to be treated as an applicable
high yield discount obligation within the meaning of Section 163(i) of the Code. 

Alternate Base Rate means,
for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Base Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus 1/2 of one percent (1.00%), and (c) Term SOFR for a one (1) month
Interest Period plus one percent (1.00%); provided, that, any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Base Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or Term SOFR shall be effective on the effective date of such change in the Base
Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or Term SOFR, as the case may be. 

If the Alternate Base Rate as determined above would be less than the
Floor, the Alternate Base Rate will be deemed to be the Floor. 

Anti-Terrorism
Laws has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.16. 

Applicable Date of
Determination means, for purposes of determining Consolidated Total Indebtedness and Unrestricted Cash for purposes of calculating the Total Net Leverage Ratio for purposes of determining whether an incurrence test has been satisfied,
subject to Section 1.06, the date of the transaction subject to such incurrence test. 

3 

Applicable ECF Percentage means, for any fiscal year of the Issuer,
(a) seventy-five percent (75%) if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such fiscal year is greater than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00, (b) fifty percent (50%) if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such fiscal year
is greater than or equal to 1.00 to 1.00 but less than 1.50 to 1.00, and (c) twenty-five percent (25%) if the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such fiscal year is less than 1.00 to 1.00. For the purposes of calculating the
Applicable ECF Percentage for any fiscal year, Total Net Leverage Ratio shall be calculated after giving effect to any redemptions or repurchases described in Section 3.08(d)(ii) during such fiscal year. 

Applicable Margin means (a) from the Closing Date until the delivery of the Compliance Certificate and financial
statements for the Test Period ending March 31, 2025, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the following table as if the Secured Net Leverage Ratio then in effect was greater than 2.00:1.00 and (b), thereafter, a percentage per
annum determined by reference to the Secured Net Leverage Ratio in effect from time to time as set forth below: 

Secured Net Leverage Ratio 

Applicable Margin for

SOFR Notes 

Applicable Margin for ABR

Notes 

Greater than 2.00:1.00 8.50 % 7.50 % 

Less than or equal to 2.00:1.00 but greater than 1.50:1.00 8.25 % 7.25 % 

Less than or equal to 1.50:1.00 8.00 % 7.00 % 

With respect to changes in the Applicable Margin resulting from the delivery of financial statements pursuant to
Section 5.03(a) or 5.03(b), a change in the Applicable Margin shall be effective with respect to interest accruing from the next Interest Payment Date after the date on which the Trustee and the Holders shall have
received the applicable financial statements and a Compliance Certificate calculating the Secured Net Leverage Ratio pursuant to Section 5.03(a) or 5.03(b). The Applicable Margin in effect at the Closing Date is
8.50%. 

Applicable Other Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.11.

Applicable Tax Laws means the Code and any other applicable Requirement of Law relating to Taxes, as in effect from
time to time. 

Approved Electronic Communication means each notice, demand, communication, information, document and
other material transmitted, posted or otherwise made or communicated by e-mail, facsimile, or any other equivalent electronic service, whether owned, operated or hosted by the Trustee, any of its Affiliates or
any other Person, that any party is obligated to, or otherwise chooses to, provide to the Trustee pursuant to this Indenture or any other 

4 

Note Document, including any financial statement, financial and other report, notice, request, certificate and other information or material; provided, that Approved Electronic
Communications shall not include any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material that the Trustee specifically instructs a Person to deliver in physical form. 

Asset Sale means (a) any conveyance, sale, transfer or other disposition of any property pursuant to
Section 6.05(b), 6.05(f), 6.05(i), 6.05(r) or 6.05(s), (b) any issuance or sale of any Equity Interest of any Group Member (other than to any Group Member (other than the Issuer or in the
case of an issuance or sale of any Equity Interest of any Note Party to any Group Member that is not a Note Party)), and (c) any other disposition of assets by Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries which is not sold or otherwise disposed
of in the ordinary course of business; provided, that, in any event Asset Sales shall exclude Casualty Events of any Group Member. 

Asset Sale Threshold has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.08(a)(i). 

Authenticating Agent means an agent appointed by the Trustee in accordance with Section 2.02(d)
and Section 9.10 hereof for the purpose of authenticating the Notes. 

Authentication Order
has the meaning assigned in Section 2.02(c). 

Available Retained ECF Amount means, at any
date of determination, the portion of Excess Cash Flow, determined on a cumulative basis for all fiscal years of Issuer (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025) that was not required to be applied to make a Net Cash Proceeds
Offer pursuant to Section 3.08(d); provided, that, in no event shall the Available Retained ECF Amount be less than $0. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable,
(a) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Indenture or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest
calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Indenture, in each case, as of such
date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.17(d). 

Bankruptcy Code means the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as heretofore and hereafter amended, and codified as 11
U.S.C. 101 et seq. and the regulations issued thereunder. 

Base Rate means the rate of interest per
annum equal to the last rate quoted by The Wall Street Journal Money Rates Section as the Prime Rate or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in
Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Issuer and approved by the
Controlling Party) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Issuer and approved by the Controlling Party). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly
announced or quoted as being effective. 

5 

Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate;
provided, that, if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark
Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.17. 

Benchmark
Replacement means with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Issuer and approved by the Controlling Party giving due consideration to (i) any
selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a
replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for
the purposes of this Indenture and the other Note Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to
any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been
selected by the Issuer and approved by the Controlling Party giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread
adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event,
the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or
indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(b) in the case of
clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative;provided, that, such non-representativeness will be
determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

6 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to
have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means the
occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(a) a public statement or publication of
information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided, that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof); 

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or
the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority
with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the
administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided, that, at the time of such statement or
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public
statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date
has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Note Document in accordance with Section 2.17 and (b) ending at the time that a
Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Note Document in accordance with Section 2.17. 

7 

Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the
United States. 

Board of Directors means, with respect to any person, (a) in the case of any corporation, the
board of directors of such person, (b) in the case of any limited liability company, the board of managers, manager, member, sole member, or managing member of such person, (c) in the case of any partnership, the general partner of such
person and (d) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. 

Business Day means any day other
than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which financial institutions are authorized to close under the Requirements of Law of, or are in fact closed in, Houston, Texas, the State of New York or a place of payment and, if such day relates to any SOFR
Note, means any such day that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

Calculation Agent means the agent
appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Controlling Party for the purposes of determining Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Reference Rate (or other applicable benchmark rate). U.S. Bank shall be the initial Calculation Agent. 

Call Premium has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.07(b). 

Call Premium Deficit has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.08(b). 

Called Principal means, with respect to any Note, the amount of principal of such Note that is to be redeemed. 

Capital Assets means, with respect to any person, all equipment, rolling stock, aircraft, fixed assets and Real Property or
improvements of such person, or replacements or substitutions therefor or additions thereto, that, in accordance with GAAP, have been or should be reflected as additions to property, plant or equipment on the balance sheet of such person. 

Capital Expenditures means, for any period, the aggregate of, without duplication, all expenditures (whether paid in cash
or accrued as liabilities) by Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be included as additions during such period to property, plant or equipment reflected in the consolidated
balance sheet of Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 

Capital Lease Obligations means, at the time any
determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a Capital Lease that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) prepared in
accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Leases means all leases that are required to be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as
capitalized leases; provided, that, the adoption or issuance of any accounting standards after the Closing Date will not cause any lease that was not or would not have been a Capital Lease prior to such adoption or issuance to be deemed a
Capital Lease. 

Cash Election has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.13(g)(i).

8 

Cash Equivalents means (a) securities issued or directly and fully
guaranteed or insured by the United States Government or any agency or instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition, (b) certificates of deposit and eurodollar time deposits with maturities of
one year or less from the date of acquisition, bankers acceptances with maturities not exceeding one year and overnight bank deposits, in each case, with any Holder or with any domestic commercial bank having capital and surplus in excess of
$500,000,000, (c) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than thirty (30) days for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (a) and (b) entered into with any financial
institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (b) above, (d) commercial paper issued by any Holder, the parent corporation of any Holder or any Subsidiary of such Holders parent corporation, and
commercial paper rated at least A-2 or the equivalent thereof by S&P or at least P-2 or the equivalent thereof by Moodys and in each case maturing within one year after the date of acquisition thereof, (e) money market funds that
(i) comply with the criteria set forth in Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated AA by S&P and Aa by Moodys and
(iii) have portfolio assets of at least $5,000,000,000, (f) money market funds existing on the Closing Date that are listed on Schedule 1.02, and (g) in the case of Foreign Subsidiaries, investments that are
substantially equivalent to the foregoing investments described in clauses (a) through (e) above that are available in the currency of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Subsidiary is organized. 

Cash Management Agreement means any agreement to provide to any Group Member any cash management services, including
treasury, depository, overdraft, credit or debit card, electronic funds transfer and other cash management arrangements. 

Casualty Event means any involuntary loss of title, any involuntary loss of, damage to or any destruction of, or any
condemnation or other taking (including by any Governmental Authority) of, any property of any Group Member. Casualty Event shall include but not be limited to any taking of all or any part of any Real Property of any Person or
any part thereof, in or by condemnation or other eminent domain proceedings pursuant to any Requirement of Law, or by reason of the temporary requisition of the use or occupancy of all or any part of any Real Property of any Person or any part
thereof by any Governmental Authority, civil or military, or any settlement in lieu thereof. 

Casualty Event Threshold
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.08(c)(i). 

CERCLA has the meaning assigned
to such term in Section 10.07(f). 

CFC means a Foreign Subsidiary directly or indirectly
owned (within the meaning of Section 958(a) of the Code) by the Issuer which Foreign Subsidiary is a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code. 

CFC Holding Company means any Subsidiary that owns no material assets other than (i) Equity Interests or
(ii) Equity Interests and Indebtedness, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii) of one or more (a) CFCs or (b) other Subsidiaries that are CFC Holding Companies. 

9 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events
after the Closing Date: 

(a) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or
consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person (as that term is used in
Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act); 

(b) any person or group (as such terms are used in Section 13(d)
and 14(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof), has acquired or owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise, Equity Interests representing
fifty percent (50%) or more (on a fully-diluted basis and giving effect to the conversion and exercise of all outstanding rights, warrants (including the Warrants), options, convertible securities, exchangeable securities, indebtedness or other
rights, in each case, exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into, directly or indirectly, Equity Interests (or convertible or exchangeable securities) of the Issuer, whether at the time of issuance or upon the passage of time or the
occurrence of some future event (whether or not such securities are then currently convertible or exercisable and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any
option right)) of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Issuer (irrespective of whether, at the time, Equity Interests of any other class or classes of the Issuer shall have or might
have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency). For this purpose, a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that any such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such
right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right; provided, that, such person or group shall not include any holder of Warrants); or 

(c) during any period of 12 (twelve) consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing
body of the Issuer cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body at the time of the Closing Date, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was
approved by individuals referred to in sub-clause (i) constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or
(iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in sub-clauses (i) and (ii) above
constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body. 

Change
of Control Offer has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.09(b)(ii). 

Change of
Control Payment Date has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.09(b)(ii). 

Change of
Control Purchase Price has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.09(a). 

10 

Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a Change
of Control and a Rating Event. 

Closing Date means the date on which the Initial Notes are originally issued. 

Closing Date Refinancing has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 

Collateral means, collectively, all of the Security Agreement Collateral, all of the Mortgaged Properties and all other
property of whatever kind and nature, whether now owned or hereinafter acquired, subject or purported to be subject from time to time to a Lien under any Security Document, but in any event excluding the Excluded Property and Excluded Equity
Interests. 

Collateral Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto, and includes each other
person appointed as a successor thereto pursuant to Article IX. 

Commodity Exchange Act means
the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Issuer, par value $0.01 per share. 

Compliance Certificate means a
certificate of a Financial Officer substantially in the form of Exhibit C. 

Conforming
Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to
the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous
definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of
Section 2.17 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Issuer (with the approval of the Controlling Party) decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or
to permit the use and administration thereof in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer (with the approval of the Controlling Party) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not
administratively feasible or if the Issuer (with the approval of the Controlling Party) determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Issuer (with the approval of the
Controlling Party) decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Indenture and the other Note Documents). 

Consolidated Current Assets means, as at any date of determination, the total assets of Issuer and its Restricted
Subsidiaries which may properly be classified as current assets (excluding deferred tax assets without duplication of amounts otherwise added in calculating Excess Cash Flow) on a consolidated balance sheet of Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries
in accordance with GAAP, excluding cash and Cash Equivalents; provided, that, Consolidated Current Assets shall be calculated without giving effect to the impact of purchase accounting. 

11 

Consolidated Current Liabilities means, as at any date of determination,
the total liabilities (excluding deferred taxes and taxes payable, in each case, without duplication of amounts otherwise deducted in calculating Excess Cash Flow) of Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries which may properly be classified as current
liabilities (other than the current portion of any Indebtedness and other long term liabilities, and accrued interest thereon) on a consolidated balance sheet of Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP; provided, that,
Consolidated Current Liabilities shall be calculated without giving effect to the impact of purchase accounting. 

Consolidated
EBITDA means, for any period for Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, the sum of: 

(a) Consolidated Net Income for such period
(excluding therefrom any unusual or extraordinary items of gain or loss); plus

(b) without duplication, those amounts
which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, have been deducted for: 

(i) Consolidated Interest Expense; 

(ii) provisions for federal, state, local and foreign income, value added, franchise, margin and similar Taxes; 

(iii) depreciation, amortization (including, without limitation, amortization of goodwill and other intangible assets), impairment of
goodwill and other non-cash charges or expenses (excluding any such non-cash charge or expense to the extent that it represents amortization of a prepaid cash expense
that was paid in a prior period); 

(iv) non-cash compensation expense, or other non-cash expenses or charges, arising from the granting of stock options, the granting of stock appreciation rights and similar arrangements (including any repricing, amendment, modification, substitution or change
of any such stock option, stock appreciation rights or similar arrangements); 

(v) any (A) financial advisory fees, underwriting
fees, accounting fees, legal fees and other similar advisory and consulting fees and related out-of-pocket advisory and consulting expenses, and (B) prepayment
premiums, breakage costs and interest rate indemnities, redeployment costs or funding costs, with respect to each of clause (A) and clause (B) incurred by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries
as a result of, or in connection with, any issuance, incurrence, refinancing, redemption, repayment or prepayment of Indebtedness, to the extent permitted under this Indenture; and 

12 

(vi) any (A) financial advisory fees, accounting fees, legal fees and other similar
advisory and consulting fees and related out-of-pocket advisory and consulting expenses, and (B) all cash and non-cash
restructuring and integration charges, costs, and expenses, in each case incurred by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries as a result of any Permitted Acquisition or other internal restructuring and deducted from net income, and, in the case
of the items described in this sub-clause (B), which are factually supportable, identifiable and documented, and which are not objected to by the Trustee (acting at the direction of
the Controlling Parties); provided, that, the aggregate amount of such costs and expenses under this sub-clause (B) shall not exceed ten percent (10%) of Consolidated EBITDA;
minus

(c) any amount which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, has been added for any non-cash income or non-cash gains, all as determined in accordance with GAAP; minus

(d) the aggregate amount of cash payments made during such period in respect of any non-cash accrual,
reserve or other non-cash charge or expense accounted for in a prior period which were added to Consolidated Net Income to determine Consolidated EBITDA for such prior period and which do not otherwise reduce
Consolidated Net Income for the current period. 

For purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any Test Period pursuant to any
determination of the Total Net Leverage Ratio, Secured Net Leverage Ratio, or ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA, if during such period (or in the case of pro-forma calculations,
during the period from the last day of such period to and including the date as of which such calculation is made) the Issuer or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have made a Subject Transaction, Consolidated EBITDA for such period
shall be calculated after giving effect thereto on a pro-forma basis. Other than for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any
Subject Transaction as if it occurred on the first day of the reference period. 

Consolidated Interest Expense means,
for any period the sum of (a) the amount of interest expense, both expensed and capitalized (excluding amortization and write offs of debt discount and debt issuance costs and any other non-cash interest
expense or accretions of discounts), net of interest income, of Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, for such period and (b) dividends paid in cash during such period on preferred
stock issued by Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, that, for purposes of calculating Consolidated Interest Expense for any period for determining the Total Net Leverage Ratio, if during such period (or in the case of pro-forma calculations, during the period from the last day of such period to and including the date as of which such calculation is made) Issuer or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have made a
Subject Transaction, then Consolidated Interest Expense for such period shall be calculated after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis. 

Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, the net income (or net loss) after taxes of the Issuer and its Restricted
Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided, that, there shall be excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Net Income for such period (a) the income (or loss) of any Person in
which any other Person (other than the Issuer or any of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries) has an ownership interest, except to the extent that any such income is actually received in cash by the Issuer or such Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary in the
form of dividends or other equity 

13 

distributions during such period, (b) the income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is merged with or into or consolidated with the
Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or that Persons assets are acquired by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and (c) the income of any Subsidiary of the Issuer to the extent that the declaration or payment of
dividends or similar distributions by that Subsidiary of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to
that Subsidiary. 

Consolidated Operating Cash Flow for any period means the operating cash flow of the Issuer and its
Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded in calculating such operating cash flow, to the extent otherwise included therein, without
duplication: 

(a) the operating cash flow of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary) in which any Person other than the Issuer and
the Restricted Subsidiaries has an ownership interest, except to the extent that cash in an amount equal to any such income has actually been received by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period; 

(b) except to the extent includible in the operating cash flow of the Issuer pursuant to the foregoing clause (a), the operating cash
flow of any Person that accrued prior to the date that (i) such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) the assets of such Person are acquired by the
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary; and 

(c) the operating cash flow of any Restricted Subsidiary other than a Subsidiary Guarantor
during such period to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Restricted Subsidiary of that operating cash flow is not permitted by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument,
judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to such Restricted Subsidiary during such period, unless such restriction with respect to the payment of dividends has been legally waived. 

Consolidated Secured Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, all Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Restricted
Subsidiaries that is secured by a Lien on the assets constituting Collateral, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding any obligations in respect of hedging arrangements. 

Consolidated Total Assets means, at any date, the total consolidated assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries determined
on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (and excluding all intercompany items) as of the date of the most recent financial statements delivered in accordance with Section 5.03(a) or 5.03(b) of this Indenture.

Consolidated Total Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, all Indebtedness of the Issuer and its
Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding any obligations in respect of hedging arrangements. 

14 

Contingent Obligation means, as to any person, any obligation or
agreement of such person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, Dividends or other obligations (primary obligations) of any other person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether
directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, any such obligation or agreement of such person, whether or not contingent, (a) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor;
(b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the
primary obligor; (c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation; (d) with
respect to bankers acceptances, letters of credit and similar credit arrangements, until a reimbursement obligation arises (which reimbursement obligation shall constitute Indebtedness); or (e) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the
holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided, however, that, the term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of
business or any product warranties or other similar contingent obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, including indemnities. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or
determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such person may be liable, whether singly or jointly, pursuant to the terms of
the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such person in good
faith. 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management or policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms Controlling and Controlled shall have meanings correlative thereto. 

Controlling Party or Controlling Parties means (a) prior to the Disposition Date, the Specified
Holders, and (b) from and after the Disposition Date, (i) except as provided in clause (ii), Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes and (ii) solely for the purpose of exercising
remedies pursuant to Section 8.01, Holders of at least 30% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 

Covenant Defeasance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.03. 

Cumulative Amount means, on any date of determination (the Reference Date), the sum of (without
duplication): 

(a) $5,000,000; plus

(b) the Available Retained ECF Amount; plus

(c) an amount equal to the fair market value (as determined by the Issuer) of any assets contributed to the Issuer or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries after the Closing Date; plus

(d) [reserved]; 

15 

(e) to the extent not already included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income of the
Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, the aggregate amount of all returns, profits, distributions and similar amounts received in Cash Equivalents, and cash dividends and other cash distributions received by any Group Member from any joint
ventures or Unrestricted Subsidiaries during the period from the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Reference Date to the extent the original Investment therein was made in reliance on the Cumulative Amount
and in an amount not to exceed the amount of the original Investment; plus

(f) to the extent not already included in the
calculation of Consolidated Net Income of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, the aggregate amount of all Net Cash Proceeds received by any Group Member in connection with the sale, transfer or other disposition of its ownership interest in
any joint venture or Unrestricted Subsidiary during the period from the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Reference Date to the extent the original Investment therein was made in reliance on the Cumulative
Amount and in an amount not to exceed the amount of the original Investment; plus

(g) the aggregate amount of all Net Cash
Proceeds received by any Group Member in connection with the sale, transfer or other disposition of its ownership interest in, or cash amounts of any returns, dividends, profits, distributions and similar amounts received on, any Investment
(including in any joint venture or Unrestricted Subsidiary) made pursuant to Section 6.03(x), during the period from the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Reference Date to the
extent the original Investment therein was made in reliance on the Cumulative Amount and in an amount not to exceed the amount of the original Investment; plus

(h) in the event that the Issuer re-designates any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary
after the Closing Date (which, for purposes hereof, shall be deemed to also include (A) the merger, consolidation, liquidation or similar amalgamation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, so
long as the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary is the surviving Person, and (B) the transfer of any assets of an Unrestricted Subsidiary to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer), the fair market value (as determined in good
faith by the Issuer) of the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary or such transferred assets at the time of such re-designation, in each case to the extent the original Investment was made in reliance on
the Cumulative Amount and in an amount not to exceed the amount of the original Investment; minus

(i) (i) the aggregate
amount of Investments made pursuant to Section 6.03(x) in reliance on the Cumulative Amount, (ii) the aggregate amount of Dividends made pursuant to Section 6.06(o) in reliance on the
Cumulative Amount and (iii) the aggregate amount of prepayments of indebtedness pursuant to Section 6.09(a) in reliance on the Cumulative Amount, in each case during the period from and including the Business Day
immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Reference Date (without taking account of the intended usage of the Cumulative Amount on such Reference Date). 

Cure Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.10(a). 

16 

Cure Expiration Date has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 8.10(a). 

Cure Quarter has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 8.10(a). 

Custodian means the Person appointed as custodian for the Depositary with
respect to the Global Notes, or any successor entity thereto. 

Debt Issuance means the incurrence by the Issuer or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness after the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 to the extent not Notes Refinancing Indebtedness). 

Debtor Relief Law means the Bankruptcy Code and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the
benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and any other matters which are set out as
qualifications or reservations as to matters of law of general application in any legal opinion provided in connection with this Indenture. 

Default means any event, occurrence or condition which is, or upon notice, lapse of time or both would constitute, an Event
of Default. 

Definitive Note means a certificated Initial Note, PIK Note or Additional Note (bearing the Restricted
Notes Legend (as defined in Appendix A) if the transfer of such Note is restricted by applicable law) that does not include the Global Notes Legend (as defined in Appendix A). 

Deposit Trustee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.05(a). 

Depositary means with respect to the Notes issuable or issued in whole or in part in global form, the Person specified in
Section 2.03(b) hereof as the Depositary with respect to the Global Notes, and any and all successors thereto appointed as depositary hereunder and having become such pursuant to the applicable provision of this Indenture.

Designated Noncash Consideration means, as of any date of determination, the fair market value at the time received
(as determined in good faith by the Issuer) of any non-cash consideration received by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with an Asset Sale that is designated in writing as
Designated Noncash Consideration, less the amount of cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent payment, redemption, retirement, sale or other disposition of such Designated Noncash Consideration. A particular item of
Designated Noncash Consideration will no longer be considered to be outstanding when and to the extent it has been paid, redeemed or otherwise retired or sold or otherwise disposed of in compliance with Section 6.05. 

Discounted Value means, with respect to the Called Principal of any of the Notes, the amount obtained by discounting all
Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to such Called Principal from their respective scheduled due dates to the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, in accordance with accepted financial practice and at a discount factor
(applied on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on the Notes is payable) equal to the Reinvestment Yield with respect to such Called Principal. 

17 

Disposition Date means the first date occurring after the Closing
Date on which any Specified Holder ceases to beneficially own at least $50,000,000 of the aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes. The Disposition Date shall not be deemed to have occurred unless the Issuer, the Trustee
and the Collateral Agent have received written notice from a Specified Holder that the Disposition Date has occurred (it being understood that the Issuer, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent will be entitled to rely on any such written notice from
a Specified Holder (or the absence of any such written notice from a Specified Holder) for purposes of this Indenture). 

Disqualified Capital Stock means any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or any other
Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event or condition, would (a) mature or be mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Capital Stock) pursuant to a sinking
fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a customarily defined change of control or asset sale and only so long as any rights of the holders thereof after such change of control or asset sale shall be subject to the prior repayment,
redemption or repurchase in full of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations and unasserted expense reimbursement obligations)), (b) be redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified
Capital Stock), in whole or in part, (c) provide for scheduled payments of dividends in cash or (d) be or become convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Disqualified Capital Stock, in whole or in part, in each case
on or prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date at the time of issuance. 

Dividend means, with respect to any person, that such person has declared or paid a dividend or returned any equity capital
to the holders of its Equity Interests or authorized or made any other distribution, payment or delivery of property (other than Qualified Capital Stock of such person) or cash to the holders of its Equity Interests as such, or redeemed, retired,
purchased or otherwise acquired, directly or indirectly, for consideration any of its Equity Interests outstanding (or any options or warrants issued by such person with respect to its Equity Interests), or set aside or otherwise reserved, directly
or indirectly, any funds for any of the foregoing purposes. 

Dollars, dollars or
$ means lawful money of the United States. 

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is
organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 

DTC means The Depository
Trust Company and any successor. 

Earn-Outs means, with respect to a
Permitted Acquisition, or any other acquisition of any assets or Property by any Group Member, that portion of the purchase consideration therefor and that portion of all other payments and liabilities (whether payable in cash or by exchange of
Equity Interests or of any Property or otherwise), directly or indirectly, payable by any Group Member in exchange for, or as part of, or in connection with, such Permitted 

18 

Acquisition, or such other acquisition, as the case may be, that is deferred for payment to a future time after the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or such other acquisition, as the
case may be, and includes any and all payments representing the purchase price and any assumptions of Indebtedness, Earn-Outs and other agreements to make any payment the amount of which is, or the terms of
payment of which are, in any respect subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of any person or business. 

ECF Payment Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.08(d). 

ECF Payment Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.08(d). 

Electronic Signature means the process of attaching to or logically associating with an Approved Electronic Communication
an electronic symbol, encryption, digital signature or process (including the name or an abbreviation of the name of the party transmitting the Approved Electronic Communication) with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such Approved
Electronic Communication. 

Eligible Equity Issuance means an issuance and sale of Qualified Capital Stock of Issuer
following the Closing Date (other than to the extent the proceeds thereof are applied or are to be applied as a Cure Amount) to the equity holders of Issuer. 

Employee Benefit Plan means each employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA)
that is maintained or contributed to by a Group Member or with respect to which a Group Member has any liability (including on account of an ERISA Affiliate). 

Environment means ambient air, indoor air, drinking water supplies, sediment, natural resources (including flora and
fauna), surface water and groundwater (including potable water, navigable water and wetlands) and the land surface and subsurface. 

Environmental Law means all applicable Requirements of Law relating to pollution or protection of the Environment, or to
any Hazardous Material. 

Environmental Permit means any permit, license, approval, registration, consent or other
authorization required by or from a Governmental Authority under Environmental Law. 

Equity Cure Contribution has the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.10(a). 

Equity Funded Portion shall mean an amount
equal to (a) the working capital or other purchase price adjustment with respect to any acquisition or other Investment multiplied by (b) the percentage of the consideration for such acquisition or other Investment that is financed
solely with the proceeds of equity issuances by and equity contributions to the Issuer, but solely to the extent such equity issuance or equity contribution, as applicable, does not constitute a Cure Amount or otherwise increases Indebtedness,
Investment, Dividend or Restricted Debt Payment capacity hereunder, including, without limitation, pursuant to an increase in the Cumulative Amount. 

19 

Equity Interest means, with respect to any person, any and all shares,
interests, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or nonvoting), of equity of such person, including warrants, options and other rights to purchase and including, if such person is a
limited liability company, membership interests or if such person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) and any other interest or participation that confers on a person the right to receive a share of the profits and
losses of, or distributions of property of, such partnership, whether outstanding on the date hereof or issued after the Closing Date; provided, that, Equity Interest shall not include at any time debt securities convertible or
exchangeable into such equity. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be
amended from time to time. 

ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to any person, any trade or business (whether or not
incorporated) that, together with such person, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 412 of the Code, Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code. 

ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations
issued thereunder, with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the thirty (30)-day notice period is waived by regulation); (b) with respect to a Plan, the failure to satisfy the minimum funding
standard of Section 412 or 430 of the Code and Section 302 or 303 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (c) the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of the Code with respect to any Plan or the
failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (d) the determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (as defined in Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA);
(e) the incurrence by any Group Member or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (f) the receipt by any Group Member or any of its ERISA Affiliates from the
PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to the intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or Multiemployer Plan or Multiemployer Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or the occurrence of any event or
condition which would reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the incurrence by any Group Member or its ERISA Affiliates
of liability resulting from the complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan; (h) the receipt by any Group Member or its ERISA Affiliates of any notice, concerning a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is reasonably
expected to be, insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA) or in critical or endangered status, under Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA; (i) the withdrawal of any Group Member or
its ERISA Affiliates from a Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such
a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; or (j) the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) which
would reasonably be expected to result in liability to any Group Member. 

Event of Default has the meaning assigned to
such term in Section 8.01. 

20 

Excess Cash Flow means, with respect to the Issuer and its Restricted
Subsidiaries, as of any date of determination, for the most recently ended fiscal year for which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.03(a), the sum of the amounts for such period of,
without duplication: 

(a) Consolidated Operating Cash Flow; plus

(b) without duplication and excluding any amounts that already increased Consolidated Operating Cash Flow pursuant to the definition thereof,
cash proceeds received from the exercise of stock options; plus

(c) an amount equal to 66.7% of the Net Cash Proceeds (after
commissions to agents and other associated ATM expenses) received by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries under any at-the-market equity distribution
program during such Excess Cash Flow Period; minus

(d) without duplication, the sum of the amounts of: 

(i) the amount of any employment taxes paid in cash in such Excess Cash Flow Period in connection with any long-term employee equity incentive
compensation program or other stock-based employee compensation program, 

(ii) repurchases of Common Stock in connection with any
stock-based employee compensation in such Excess Cash Flow Period, 

(iii) Capital Expenditures during such Excess Cash Flow Period used
or useful in the business engaged in by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date, 

(iv) any repayments, retirements,
redemptions or other repurchases of any ABL Obligations in such Excess Cash Flow Period; provided that any such repayments, retirements, redemptions or other repurchases in excess of $15,000,000 in any Excess Cash Flow Period shall not be
deducted from Excess Cash Flow pursuant to this clause (iv) unless accompanied by a permanent reduction in the commitments under the ABL Credit Agreement, 

(v) any charges in respect of Capital Lease Obligations or other lease obligations in such Excess Cash Flow Period, 

(vi) debt issuance costs including in respect of Refinanced Debt in such Excess Cash Flow Period, 

(vii) payments on short-term Indebtedness and payments on long-term liabilities (other than Indebtedness) in such Excess Cash Flow Period,

(viii) any decrease in cash as a result of impacts of foreign exchange rates (but plus any amount of an increase in cash as a result
thereto) in such Excess Cash Flow Period, 

21 

(ix) any contingent liability payments (including Earn-Outs) and any Investments, in each
case, made in cash and permitted to be made hereunder in such Excess Cash Flow Period, and 

(x) any Taxes paid by the Issuer and its
Restricted Subsidiaries in such Excess Cash Flow Period. 

Excess Cash Flow Period means each fiscal year of Issuer
commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. 

Excess Net Cash Proceeds has the meaning assigned to
such term in Section 3.08(a)(i). 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. 

Excluded Equity Interests means Equity Interests (a) in excess of sixty-five percent (65%) of the Voting
Stock issued by any CFC or CFC Holding Company, in each case, owned directly by a Note Party (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including any Equity Interests that are not Voting Stock issued by any such CFC or CFC Holding Company), (b) in
any Subsidiary of a CFC, (c) in a joint venture or other non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary which cannot be pledged without the consent of third parties, or the pledge of which is prohibited by the terms of, or
would create a right of termination of one or more third parties under, any applicable Organizational Documents, joint venture agreement or shareholders agreement (by any agreement binding on such Equity Interests at the time of acquisition
thereof (or on the Closing Date, as applicable) and not entered into in contemplation thereof (or in contemplation of the Transactions, as applicable) and unless such consent has been obtained, in each case only, for so long as such prohibition or
restriction remains in effect) after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable law, (d) in Persons other than Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent prohibited by
the Organizational Documents of such entity or requiring third party consents (in each case only for so long as such prohibition or restriction remains in effect), (e) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary, (f) with respect to which the cost of
obtaining a security interest therein exceeds the practical benefit to the Holders afforded thereby, as mutually and reasonably determined by the Issuer and the Controlling Party, and (g) with respect to which a pledge therein is prohibited or
restricted by applicable law (including any requirement to obtain the consent of any Governmental Authority (unless such consent has been obtained)), in each case only for so long as such prohibition or restriction remains in effect;
provided, that, in each case set forth above, such equity will immediately cease to constitute Excluded Equity Interests when the relevant property ceases to meet this definition and, with respect to any such equity, a security interest under
any applicable Security Document shall attach immediately and automatically without further action; provided, further, that, in no event will any Equity Interests of the Issuer be Excluded Equity Interests. 

Excluded Property has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. 

22 

Excluded Subsidiary means (a) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not
a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, (b) any CFC, (c) CFC Holding Company, (d) any Subsidiary of a CFC, (e) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (f) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, (g) any merger Subsidiary formed in connection with a
Permitted Acquisition so long as such merger Subsidiary is merged out of existence pursuant to such Permitted Acquisition within sixty (60) days of its formation or such later date as permitted by the Trustee (acting at the direction of the
Controlling Party, acting reasonably), (h) any Subsidiary to the extent a Guarantee or other guarantee of the Obligations is prohibited or restricted by any contractual obligation as in existence on the Closing Date or at the time such Person
becomes a Subsidiary (in each case, not entered into in contemplation thereof and for so long as such prohibition or restriction remains in effect) or by applicable Requirements of Law (including any requirement to obtain Governmental Authority or
third party consent, license or authorization to the extent such consent, license or authorization has not been received after use of commercially reasonable efforts to acquire the same) and (i) any Subsidiary to the extent the Controlling
Party and the Issuer mutually and reasonably determine the cost, consequence and/or burden of obtaining a Guarantee outweigh the benefit thereof to the Holders; provided, that, the Issuer shall not be an Excluded Subsidiary; provided,
further, that, Issuer may, subject to the prior written consent of the Trustee (acting at the direction of the Controlling Party) (provided, that, no such consent shall be required if such designated Subsidiary is a Domestic Subsidiary
that qualifies as an Immaterial Subsidiary), designate any Subsidiary that otherwise qualifies as an Excluded Subsidiary pursuant to any one or more of clauses (a) through (h) above as not being an
Excluded Subsidiary by written notice to the Trustee and, following such designation, may (so long as at such time no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and such Subsidiary otherwise qualifies as an Excluded
Subsidiary) re-designate such Subsidiary as an Excluded Subsidiary by written notice to the Trustee, upon which re-designation such Subsidiary shall be automatically
released from its Guarantee; provided, further, that, no Restricted Subsidiary shall qualify as an Excluded Subsidiary pursuant to clause (a) above unless it becomes a
non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary pursuant a transaction (x) where such Restricted Subsidiary becomes a joint venture with a non-Affiliate for bona fide business purposes
(other than financing), (y) for fair market value, and (z) the purpose of which was not to evade the requirements of Section 5.12; provided, further, that no Restricted Subsidiary shall qualify as an
Excluded Subsidiary if such Restricted Subsidiary is a borrower or guarantor under the ABL Documents (or any refinancing thereof); provided, further, that no Restricted Subsidiary shall qualify as an Excluded Subsidiary pursuant to
clause (d) above if such Subsidiary previously were (or should have been) a Note Party and became a Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary pursuant to a transaction (x) not consummated for bona fide business purposes,
(y) not consummated for fair market value, or (z) the purpose of which was to evade the requirements of Section 5.12. 

FCPA means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

Federal Funds Ratemeans, for any day, the rate calculated by the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and
published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided, that, (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be such
rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall
be the average rate quoted to the Calculation Agent on such day on such transactions by three (3) financial institutions of recognized standing as determined by the Calculation Agent; provided, further, that, if the Federal Funds
Rate for any day is less than zero, the Federal Funds Rate for such day will be deemed to be zero. 

23 

Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System of the United States. 

Financial Covenant means, individually or collectively as the context may require, the
financial covenants set forth in Section 6.08(a) and Section 6.08(b). 

Financial Officer of any person means the chief financial officer, chief executive officer, vice president of finance,
treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller, or, in each case, anyone acting in such capacity or any similar capacity. 

Financial
Statements means, collectively, consolidated and consolidating balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries (a) as of and for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023, reported on by its independent public accountants, and (b) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. 

Fitch means Fitch Ratings Limited. 

Flood Hazard Property means any Material Real Property subject to a Mortgage having a Structure (as defined in
the Flood Insurance Laws) thereon that is located in an area designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard area. 

Flood Insurance Laws means, collectively, (a) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 as now or hereafter in effect
or any successor or supplemental statutes, rules and regulations thereto, (b) the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor or supplemental statutes, rules and regulations thereto, (c) the
National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor or supplemental statutes, rules and regulations thereto, (d) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor or
supplemental statutes, rules and regulations thereto, and (e) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor or supplemental statutes, rules and regulations thereto. 

Floor means, in the case of Term SOFR, a rate of interest equal to three percent (3.00%) and in the case of the Alternate
Base Rate, a rate of interest equal to four percent (4.00%). 

Foreign Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that is organized
under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the
Financial Accounting Standards Board, applied on a consistent basis. 

24 

Global Notes means the Notes that are in the form of Exhibit A
issued in global form and registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee. 

Governmental Authority means the
government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state, provincial, local or otherwise, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising
executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central
Bank). 

Group Members means the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries; and Group Member means any
one of them. 

guarantee means a direct or indirect guarantee by any Person of any Indebtedness of any other Person and
includes any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person entered into for purposes of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect
thereof (in whole or in part); guarantee when used as a verb, and guaranteed have correlative meanings. 

Guarantees means the guarantees issued pursuant to Article VII by the Issuer and the Subsidiary
Guarantors. 

Guarantors means Issuer and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. 

Hazardous Material means any material or chemical regulated as hazardous or toxic or which could result in liability under
any Environmental Law, including the following: toxic or hazardous substances; hazardous wastes; polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) or any substance or compound containing PCBs; friable asbestos or friable asbestos-containing
materials; radon or any other radioactive materials including any source, special nuclear or by-product material; petroleum, petroleum products, by-products or breakdown
products, crude oil or any fraction of the foregoing; per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances; and any pollutant or contaminant or other substance subject to regulation under any Environmental Laws due to their
dangerous or deleterious properties or characteristics, or which can give rise to liability under any Environmental Laws due to their dangerous or deleterious properties or characteristics. 

Hedging Agreement means any swap, cap, collar, forward purchase or similar agreement or arrangement dealing with interest
rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices, either generally or under specific contingencies. 

Hedging
Obligations means obligations under or with respect to Hedging Agreements. 

Holder means a Person whose name
a Note is registered on the Registrars books. 

25 

Immaterial Subsidiary each Restricted Subsidiary which, as of the most
recently ended Test Period, contributed five percent (5%) or less of Consolidated Total Assets or Consolidated EBITDA for such period; provided, that, if, as of the most recently ended Test Period, the aggregate amount of Consolidated Total
Assets or Consolidated EBITDA attributable to all Restricted Subsidiaries that are Immaterial Subsidiaries exceeds five percent (5%) of Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated EBITDA for any such period, the Issuer shall designate sufficient
Restricted Subsidiaries to eliminate such excess, and such designated Subsidiaries shall no longer constitute Immaterial Subsidiaries under this Indenture; provided, further, that, the Issuer may designate and re-designate a Subsidiary as an Immaterial Subsidiary at any time, subject to the limitations set forth in this definition. 

Indebtedness means, of any Person, at any particular date, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money or
for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current trade payables or liabilities and deferred payment for services to employees or former employees incurred in the ordinary course of business and payable in accordance with
customary practices, earn-outs, and other deferred compensation arrangements), (b) the face amount of all letters of credit issued for the account of such Person and, without duplication, all drafts drawn thereunder (but, for the avoidance of
doubt, determined without double-counting any back-to-back letter of credit arrangements whereby a letter of credit serves as collateral for drawings made
under another letter of credit), (c) all liabilities (other than obligations of such Person in respect of Leases) secured by any Lien on any property owned by such Person, to the extent attributable to such Persons interest in such
property, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment thereof, (d) Capital Lease Obligations, (e) obligations under any Earn-Out payable in cash (which for all purposes
of this Indenture shall be valued at the amount reasonably likely to be payable with respect to such Earn-Out as expected to be reported on such Persons financial statements), (f) Disqualified Capital
Stock, (g) all indebtedness of such Person arising under acceptance facilities; but excluding (x) any obligation resulting from the existence of deferred revenue, including customer deposits and interest thereon in the ordinary course of
business, (y) deferred rent and (z) trade and other accounts and accrued expenses payable in the ordinary course of business in accordance with customary trade terms and in the case of bothclauses (x) and
(z) above, which are not overdue for a period of more than one hundred and twenty (120) days or, if overdue for more than one hundred and twenty (120) days, as to which a dispute exists and adequate reserves in conformity with
GAAP have been established on the books of such Person and (h) all Contingent Obligations of such person in respect of Indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above. 

Indenture means this Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 

Initial Financial Statements means those financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.4.1 of the Securities
Purchase Agreement. 

Initial Notes has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. 

Insolvency Event has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.01. 

Intellectual Property has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. 

26 

Intercompany Note means an intercompany note in form acceptable to the
Trustee and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Issuer. 

Intercreditor Agreement means, as the context
may require, the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement and/or any Other Intercreditor Agreement. 

Interest Election Request
means an interest election request substantially in the form of Exhibit D. 

Interest Payment
Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Note, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December to occur during any period in which such Note is outstanding, (b) with respect to any SOFR Note, the last day of the
Interest Period and, in the case of a SOFR Note with an Interest Period of more than three (3) months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three (3) months duration after
the first day of such Interest Period and (c) the Maturity Date. 

Interest Period means, with respect to any SOFR
Note, the period commencing on the date of issuance of a Note and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six (6) months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability thereof), as the
Issuer may elect in writing to the Trustee at least five (5) Business Days prior to the start of the relevant Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.13(b); provided, that, (a) if any Interest Period would
end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the
next preceding Business Day, (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on
the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (c) no Interest Period for any SOFR Note shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. For purposes hereof, the date of a Note initially shall be the date on which such Note
is issued and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Note. 

Investments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.03. 

IRS means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 

Issuer has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. 

Junior Secured Indebtedness means senior Indebtedness of the Note Parties for borrowed money that is secured by
(a) Liens on the Collateral on a junior basis to the Liens securing the Obligations and any Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt in accordance with an Other Intercreditor Agreement, (b) Liens on the ABL Priority Collateral on a junior
basis to the Liens securing the ABL Obligations in accordance with the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement and (c) Liens on the Notes Priority Collateral on a senior basis to the Liens securing ABL Obligations in accordance with the ABL/Note
Intercreditor Agreement. 

LCT Election means the Issuers election to test the permissibility of a Limited
Condition Acquisition in accordance with the methodology set forth in Section 1.06. 

27 

LCT Test Date has meaning given to that term in
Section 1.06. 

Leases means any and all leases, subleases, tenancies, options, concession
agreements, rental agreements, occupancy agreements, access agreements and any other agreements (including all amendments, extensions, replacements, renewals, modifications and/or guarantees thereof), whether or not of record and whether now in
existence or hereafter entered into, affecting the use or occupancy of all or any portion of any Real Property. 

Legal
Defeasance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.02. 

Lien means,
with respect to any property, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, license, pledge, encumbrance, claim, charge, assignment for security, hypothecation, security interest or encumbrance of any kind or any arrangement to provide priority or
preference, including any easement, right-of-way or other encumbrance on title to owned Real Property, in each of the foregoing cases whether voluntary or imposed by
law; (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, Capital Lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such
property; provided, that, in no event shall an operating lease be deemed to be a Lien; and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 

Limited Condition Acquisition means any Investment, or any acquisition of any assets, business or person, permitted
hereunder (subject to Section 1.06 and including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Permitted Acquisition) by Issuer or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, by way of merger or
amalgamation, whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing. 

Make-Whole
Amount means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Note, an amount equal to the Discounted Value of the Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to the Called Principal of such Note; provided, that, the Make-Whole Amount
shall in no event be less than zero. The Issuer will calculate the Make-Whole Amount and, prior to the redemption date or repurchase date, as applicable, provide an Officers Certificate to the Trustee setting forth the Make-Whole Amount and
showing the calculation of each in reasonable detail. 

Make-Whole Event has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.10. 

Make-Whole Expiry Date has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 3.07(a). 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the
business, assets, results of operations or financial condition of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent or the Holders under the Note Documents (other than
to the extent a result of the action or inaction of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent, the Holders or their respective affiliates, officers, employees, agents, attorneys or representatives) or (c) the ability of the Note Parties, taken as a
whole, to perform their payment obligations under the Note Documents. 

28 

Material Real Property means any Real Property (a) owned by any
Group Member that has a fair market value (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) equal to or in excess of $8,000,000, determined (i) in the case of any such Real Property owned by any Group Member on the Closing Date, as of the Closing Date,
(ii) in the case of any such Real Property owned by any Restricted Subsidiary that becomes a Group Member after the Closing Date, as of the date such Restricted Subsidiary becomes a Group Member, or (iii) in the case of any such Real
Property acquired by any Group Member after the Closing Date or, in the case of any Group Member referred to in clause (ii), after it becomes a Group Member, as of the date of acquisition thereof or (b) leased by any
Group Member that has an annual payments equal to or in excess of $1,000,000. 

Maturity Date means March [__], 20301; provided, that, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately preceding such date. 

Maximum Additional Debt Amount means an aggregate amount equal to $25,000,000. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service Inc. 

Mortgage means any mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement, in recordable form, which conveys or evidences a Lien in
favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties, on any Material Real Property, which shall be in form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 

Mortgage Policy means a fully paid ALTA extended coverage lenders policy of title insurance in a commercially
reasonable amount (not to exceed one hundred ten percent (110%) of the fair market value of the Material Real Property (determined as set forth in the definition of such term) to which such policy pertains) issued by a nationally recognized title
insurance company in the applicable jurisdiction, insuring the relevant Mortgage as having created a valid and subsisting Lien on the real property described therein with the ranking or the priority that it is expressed to have in such Mortgage,
subject only to Permitted Liens, together with such endorsements as may be reasonably necessary, and otherwise in form reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. 

Mortgaged Property means any Real Property that is subject to a Mortgage, provided, that, only Material Real
Property shall be required to be Mortgaged Property. 

Motor Vehicle Sale and Leaseback Transaction means a Sale
Leaseback Transaction or other similar transaction, in each case, in respect of Motor Vehicles, pursuant to which (i) the Issuer or Restricted Subsidiary transfers title in one or more Motor Vehicles to a third party for minimal consideration,
leases the Motor Vehicle back and has the right to receive sale proceeds (less commissions) upon a sale by such third party of such Motor Vehicle, (ii) no material lease payments are made by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary and
(iii) the fair market value of all Motor Vehicles subject to such transaction, when combined with the fair market value of the Motor Vehicles transferred in any other Motor Vehicle Sale and Leaseback Transaction, does not exceed $20,000,000 in
the aggregate at any time. 

1 

[Note to Draft: Five years after the Closing Date.] 

29 

Motor Vehicles means motor vehicles (including automobiles and trucks),
trailers, containers and related equipment owned or leased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Multiemployer
Plan means a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) or Section 3(37) of ERISA which is subject to Title IV of ERISA (a) to which any Group Member is then making or accruing an obligation
to make contributions, or (b) with respect to which any Group Member has any liability (including on account of an ERISA Affiliate). 

Net Capital Expenditures means Capital Expenditures net of any dispositions of capital assets during the applicable period.

Net Cash Proceeds means: 

(a) with respect to any Asset Sale by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any issuance or sale of Equity Interests),
the proceeds thereof in the form of cash, cash equivalents (including Cash Equivalents) and marketable securities (including any such proceeds received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase
price adjustment receivable, or by the sale, transfer or other disposition of any non-cash consideration received in connection therewith or otherwise, but only as and when received) received by any Group
Member, net of, without duplication, (i) fees and expenses (including brokers fees or commissions, discounts, legal, accounting and other professional and transactional fees, transfer and similar taxes and the Issuers good faith
estimate of Taxes paid or payable by any Group Member in connection with such sale or with the repatriation of such proceeds (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions that currently offset such taxes, and including any
payments or payable amounts under tax sharing arrangements permitted under the Note Documents)), (ii) amounts provided as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, against (x) any liabilities under any indemnification obligations, earn-out obligations or purchase price adjustments associated with such Asset Sale or (y) any other liabilities retained or payable by any Group Member associated with the Properties sold in such Asset Sale
(provided, that, to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds), (iii) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any
Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than the Notes) that is secured by a Lien on the Properties sold in such Asset Sale (so long as such Lien was permitted to encumber such Properties under the Note Documents at the time of such sale and was not
a pari passu or junior Lien on Collateral) and which is repaid with such proceeds (other than any such Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such Properties) and (iv) the Issuers good faith estimate of the amount of payments
required to be made with respect to unassumed liabilities relating to the properties sold within three hundred sixty (360) days of such Asset Sale (provided, that, to the extent such cash proceeds are not used to make payments in respect
of such unassumed liabilities within three hundred sixty (360) days after such Asset Sale, such cash proceeds shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds); 

(b) with respect to any Casualty Event, the cash insurance proceeds, condemnation awards and other compensation received by, or on behalf of,
any Group Member in respect thereof, net of all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the collection of such proceeds, awards or other compensation in respect of such Casualty Event (including, in respect of any such Casualty Event,
transfer and similar Taxes and the Issuers good faith estimate of 

30 

Taxes paid or payable by any Group Member in connection with such Casualty Event or with the repatriation of such proceeds (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions that
currently offset such taxes, and including any payments or payable amounts under tax sharing arrangements permitted under the Note Documents)) net of, without duplication, the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts
on any Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than the Notes) that is secured by a Lien on property lost, damaged, destroyed or taken in connection with such Casualty Event (so long as such Lien was permitted to encumber such Properties under the
Note Documents at the time of such Casualty Event and was not a pari passu or junior Lien on Collateral) and which is repaid with such proceeds; 

(c) with respect to any issuance or sale of Equity Interests by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, the cash proceeds thereof,
net of Taxes paid or payable by any Group Member in connection with such issuance or sale of Equity Interests (including Taxes payable upon the repatriation of any such proceeds to a Group Member), fees, commissions, costs and other expenses
incurred in connection therewith; and 

(d) with respect to any Debt Issuance by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, the cash
proceeds thereof, net of Taxes paid or payable by any Group Member in connection with such Debt Issuance (including Taxes payable upon repatriation of the proceeds to a Group Member), fees, commissions, costs and other expenses incurred in
connection therewith. 

Net Cash Proceeds Offer has the meaning given to such term in
Section 3.08(e). 

Net Cash Proceeds Payment Date has the meaning given to such term in
Section 3.08(e)(i)(B). 

Net Cash Proceeds Purchase Price has the meaning given to such term
in Section 3.08(e). 

Not Otherwise Applied means, with reference to any amount of proceeds of
any transaction or event, that such amount (a) was not required to be applied to repurchase the Notes pursuant to Section 3.08, (b) was not previously applied in determining the permissibility of a transaction
under the Note Documents where such permissibility was contingent on receipt of such amount or utilization of such amount for a specified purpose, (c) in the case of Net Cash Proceeds from Eligible Equity Issuances or from Equity Cure
Contributions, was not otherwise used for or in connection with (i) Investments made pursuant to Section 6.03(v) or 6.03(x), (ii) Dividends made pursuant to Section 6.06(f),
(iii) prepayments of Indebtedness pursuant to Section 6.09(a)(i), 6.09(a)(ii) or 6.09(a)(vii) or (iv) the inclusion thereof as an Equity Cure Contribution in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA
for purposes of determining compliance with Total Net Leverage Ratio, pursuant to Section 8.10(a) and (d) was not previously applied to increase the Cumulative Amount pursuant to the definition thereof. 

Note Documents means this Indenture, any amendments hereto, any Intercreditor Agreement, the Notes, the Security Documents
the Intercompany Note, the Securities Purchase Agreement and other intercreditor agreements and subordination agreements entered into pursuant to the terms hereof that any Note Party is party to and any other document designated as such by the
Issuer, in each case as amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented and/or modified from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, the Warrants shall not be deemed to be Note Documents. 

31 

Note Parties means the Issuer and the Guarantors; and Note
Party means any one of them. 

Note Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(a).

Notes means any Initial Note, PIK Note, or Additional Note, as the context may require. 

Notes Collateral Account means one or more deposit accounts or securities accounts under the control of the Trustee or the
Collateral Agent holding only the proceeds of any sale or disposition of any Notes Priority Collateral. 

Notes Priority
Collateral has the meaning assigned to the term Notes Priority Collateral in the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement. 

Notes Refinancing Indebtedness means (a) Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt, (b) Permitted Junior Refinancing
Debt or (c) Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt, in each case, to redeem, refinance, replace, defease, discharge, refund, restate, substitute, modify, supplement or reissue or otherwise retire for value, in whole or in part, any Notes
(Refinanced Debt); provided, that, (i) such extending, renewing or refinancing Indebtedness is in an original aggregate principal amount not greater than (A) the aggregate principal amount of the Refinanced Debt,
plus (B) accrued, capitalized and unpaid interest thereon, any fees, premiums, accrued interest associated therewith, or other reasonable amount paid, and fees, costs and expenses, commissions or underwriting discounts incurred in
connection therewith, plus (C) an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized under such Refinanced Debt not established in contemplation of such refinancing, plus (D) such additional amounts otherwise permitted to be
incurred under the Note Documents (with a corresponding reduction in the amount of any basket or carve-out (to the extent capped) used pursuant to this clause (D)), (ii) the
terms applicable to such Notes Refinancing Indebtedness comply with the Required Debt Terms and (iii) such Refinanced Debt (other than unasserted contingent indemnification or reimbursement obligations) shall be repaid, defeased or satisfied
and discharged, and (unless otherwise agreed by all holders holding such Refinanced Debt) all accrued interest, fees and premiums (if any) in connection therewith shall be paid on the date such Notes Refinancing Indebtedness is issued, incurred or
obtained. 

Notice of Intent to Cure has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.10(a).

Obligations means obligations of the Issuer and the other Note Parties from time to time arising under or in respect
of the due and punctual payment of (a) the principal of and premium, if any, and interest (including interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or
allowable in such proceeding) on the Notes, when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set for redemption or otherwise and (b) all other monetary obligations, including fees, costs, expenses and indemnities,
whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or 

32 

otherwise (including fees and other monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or
allowable in such proceeding), of the Issuer and the other Note Parties under this Indenture and the other Note Documents. 

OFAC means the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

Officer means any of the following of the Issuer or any Guarantor: the Chairman of the Board of Directors; the Chief
Executive Officer; the Chief Financial Officer; the President; any Vice President; the Treasurer; or the Secretary. 

Officers Certificate means a certificate signed by an Officer. 

Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion from legal counsel acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of
or counsel to the Issuer or the Trustee. 

Organizational Documents means, with respect to any person, (a) in the
case of any corporation, the certificate of incorporation and by-laws (or similar documents) of such person, (b) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and operating
agreement (or similar documents) of such person, (c) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of limited partnership and limited partnership agreement (or similar documents) of such person, (d) in the case of any general
partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar document) of such person and (e) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. 

Other Intercreditor Agreement means any intercreditor agreement delivered by the Issuer in connection with any transaction
requiring such agreement to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof, or otherwise required to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof, among the Trustee, the Collateral Agent and one or more other Senior Representatives of Indebtedness, or any
other party, as the case may be, and acknowledged and agreed to by the Issuer and the Guarantors, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee and the Issuer, in each case, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, renewed,
replaced, refinanced or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Pari Passu ABL Lien Indebtedness means any Indebtedness
that is permitted to have Pari Passu Lien Priority relative to the ABL Obligations with respect to the Collateral and is not secured by any other assets; provided that, in each case, an authorized representative of the holders of such
Indebtedness shall have executed a joinder to the Intercreditor Agreement in the form provided therein. 

Pari Passu Lien
Priority means relative to specified Indebtedness and other obligations having equal Lien priority to (a) the Notes and the Guarantees on the Collateral or (b) the ABL Credit Agreement on the Collateral. 

Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness means any Additional Notes and any other Indebtedness that has a stated maturity date
that is equal to or later than the Maturity Date of the Notes and that is permitted to have Pari Passu Lien Priority relative to the Notes and the Guarantees with respect to the Collateral and is not secured by any other assets; provided
that, in each case, an authorized representative of the holders of such Indebtedness (other than any Additional Notes) shall have executed a joinder to the Intercreditor Agreement in the form provided therein. 

33 

Paying Agent means any Person (including the Issuer or one of its
Restricted Subsidiaries acting as Paying Agent) authorized by the Issuer to pay the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Notes on behalf of the Issuer. 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA. 

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR. 

Permitted Acquisition means any transaction or series of related transactions by the Issuer or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries for: (x) the direct or indirect acquisition of all or substantially all of the property of any Person, or of any assets constituting a line of business, business unit, division or product line (including research and development
and related assets in respect of any product) of any Person; (y) the acquisition (including by merger or consolidation) of the Equity Interests (other than director qualifying shares) of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after
giving effect to such transaction; or (z) a merger or consolidation or any other combination with any Person (so long as any Note Party which is a party to such merger, consolidation or other combination (including for the avoidance of doubt,
any such Person that becomes a Note Party upon the consummation of such merger, consolidation or other combination), is the surviving entity); provided, that, each of the following conditions shall be met or waived by the Controlling Parties:

(a) with respect to Limited Condition Acquisitions, no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), 8.01(b),
8.01(g) or 8.01(h) has occurred and is continuing immediately before giving pro forma effect to such acquisition and immediately after giving effect to such acquisition; 

(b) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with
Section 6.11; 

(c) subject to Section 1.06, other than with respect to Limited
Condition Acquisitions (which, for the avoidance of doubt, are instead governed by clause (a) of this definition), no Event of Default has occurred or is continuing immediately before such acquisition and immediately after
giving effect to such acquisition; and 

(d) the aggregate amount of Investments by Note Parties in assets (other than Equity Interests)
that are not (or do not become at the time of such acquisition) directly owned by a Note Party or in Equity Interests of Persons that do not become Note Parties shall not exceed, as of the most recently ended Test Period, an amount equal to the
lesser of five percent (5%) of Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated EBITDA for such period (it being understood that any such Investments made prior to such period and still held by such Note Parties during such period shall count towards the
aggregate cap for such period). 

34 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the immediately preceding sentence, an
acquisition which does not otherwise meet the requirements set forth above in the definition of Permitted Acquisition shall constitute a Permitted Acquisition if, and to the extent, the Controlling Parties agree in writing, prior to the
consummation thereof, that such acquisition shall constitute a Permitted Acquisition for purposes of this Indenture. 

Permitted
Additional Debt means Indebtedness issued, incurred or otherwise obtained by the Issuer (which may be guaranteed by any other Note Party) in respect of one or more series of senior unsecured notes, senior notes secured on a basis pari
passu with or junior to the Obligations, or subordinated notes (in each case issued in a public offering or a Rule 144A or other private placement or a bridge financing in lieu of the foregoing (and any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in
exchange therefor)), loans that are secured on a basis pari passu with or junior to the Obligations or loans that are unsecured, or notes or loans constituting secured or unsecured mezzanine Indebtedness, in each case excluding Additional
Notes; provided, that, (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Permitted Additional Debt, together with any Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness, at the time of issuance or incurrence shall not exceed (1) for the period commencing
on the Closing Date and ending on March [__], 20262, the Specified Additional Debt Cap and (2) thereafter, an amount equal to the unutilized portion of the Maximum Additional Debt Amount (it
being understood and agreed that any Permitted Additional Debt incurred in reliance on clause (1) above shall not reduce the Maximum Additional Debt Amount), (b) the terms applicable to such Permitted Additional Debt shall comply with the
Required Debt Terms, (c) subject to Section 1.06, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such issuance or incurrence or immediately after giving effect thereto, except that in the case
of Permitted Additional Debt incurred in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition, (x) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would immediately result therefrom at the time the definitive purchase agreement for such
acquisition is entered into and (y) no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), 8.01(b), 8.01(g) or 8.01(h) shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such issuance or incurrence or
immediately after giving effect thereto at the time such acquisition is consummated, (d) with respect to any Permitted Additional Debt secured on a basis pari passu with the Obligations, (1) for the period commencing on the Closing
Date and ending on March [__], 20263, on a Pro Forma Basis immediately after giving effect to each such incurrence and the application of the proceeds therefrom (including pursuant to any
Permitted Acquisition or other Investment consummated in connection therewith or the repayment or prepayment of any Indebtedness with the proceeds thereof), and any disposition, incurrence of Indebtedness, or other appropriate pro forma adjustments
in connection therewith, the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Applicable Date of Determination and for the applicable Test Period is not greater than the Total Net Leverage Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence of such Permitted Additional
Debt and (2) thereafter, on a Pro Forma Basis immediately after giving effect to each such incurrence and the application of the proceeds therefrom (including pursuant to any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment consummated in connection
therewith or the repayment or prepayment of any Indebtedness with the proceeds thereof), and any disposition, incurrence of Indebtedness, or other appropriate pro forma adjustments in connection therewith, the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the
Applicable Date of Determination and for the applicable Test Period is not greater than 2.50:1.00 and (e) the opportunity to commit to provide any Permitted Additional Debt shall be offered by the Issuer first to each of the existing Holders on
a pro rata basis based on their holdings of then issued Notes and, to the extent that any existing Holder has not agreed or 

2 

To be the date that is 12 months after the Closing Date. 

3 

To be the date that is 12 months after the Closing Date.

35 

declared its willingness in writing to provide such Permitted Additional Debt within ten (10) Business Days after receiving such offer from the Issuer, on the terms specified by the Issuer
or any arranger of such Permitted Additional Debt, after being provided a bona fide opportunity to do so, the Issuer may then offer such opportunity to provide that portion of such Permitted Additional Debt to any other Person (which may include
existing Holders) (it being understood that any existing Holder approached to provide all or a portion of such Permitted Additional Debt may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide such Permitted Additional Debt). 

Permitted Junior Refinancing Debt means secured Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer and guarantees with respect thereto by
any Note Party; provided, that, (a) such Indebtedness is secured by the Collateral on a junior basis to the Obligations and the obligations in respect of any Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt, in each case pursuant to an Other
Intercreditor Agreement, and is not secured by any property or assets of Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries other than the Collateral, (b) such Indebtedness constitutes Notes Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Notes, and
(c) a Senior Representative validly acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement and an Other Intercreditor Agreement. 

Permitted Liens shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.02. 

Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt means any secured Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer and guarantees with respect
thereto by any Note Party; provided, that, (a) such Indebtedness is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Obligations and is not secured by any property or assets
of Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries other than the Collateral, (b) such Indebtedness constitutes Notes Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Notes and (c) a Senior Representative validly acting on behalf of the holders of such
Indebtedness shall have become party to an Other Intercreditor Agreement and the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement. 

Permitted
Refinancing means, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension of any Indebtedness of such Person; provided, that, (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if
applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon
plus other amounts paid, and fees, expenses, commissions, original issue discount, underwriting discounts and expenses incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension, and by an amount
equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, (b) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(e), such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal,
replacement or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness being modified,
refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, (c) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(e), at the time thereof, no Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, (d) to the extent such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal,
replacement or extension is subordinated in right of 

36 

payment to the Obligations on terms, taken as a whole, at least as favorable (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) to the Holders in all material respects as those contained in the
documentation governing the subordination of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, (e) none of Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be an obligor or guarantor of any such
refinancings, replacements, refundings, renewals, replacements or extensions except to the extent that such Person was such an obligor or guarantor in respect of the applicable Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or
extended, (f) such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset other than the assets that secured such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed,
replaced or extended and (g) such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension shall not (if secured) have a higher Lien priority than such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or
extended. 

Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt means unsecured Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer and guarantees with
respect thereto by any other Note Party; provided, that, such Indebtedness constitutes Notes Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Notes. 

Person or person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture,
association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

PIK Election has the meaning assigned to
such term in Section 2.13(g)(i). 

PIK Interest has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.13(g)(i). 

PIK Notes has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.01(g). 

Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is
defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 or 430 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA which is maintained or contributed to by any Group
Member or with respect to which any Group Member has any liability (including on account of an ERISA Affiliate). 

Pro Forma
Basis means, with respect to the calculation of all financial ratios and tests (including the Total Net Leverage Ratio and the amount of Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated EBITDA) contained in this Indenture other than for purposes
of calculating Excess Cash Flow, in each case as of any date, that such calculation shall give pro forma effect to the Transactions and all Subject Transactions (and the application of the proceeds from any such asset sale or debt incurrence) that
have occurred during the relevant testing period for which such financial test or ratio is being calculated and during the period immediately following such period and prior to or substantially concurrently with the event for which the calculation
of any such ratio is made, including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are attributable to the Transactions, the proposed Subject Transaction and all other Subject Transactions that have been consummated during the relevant period,
including giving effect to those specified in accordance with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA, in each case as certified on behalf of Issuer by a Financial Officer of Issuer, using, for purposes of determining such compliance with
a financial 

37 

test or ratio (including any incurrence test), the historical financial statements of all entities, divisions or lines or assets so acquired or sold and the consolidated financial statements of
Issuer and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, calculated as if the Transactions or such Subject Transaction, and all other Subject Transactions that have been consummated during the relevant period, and any Indebtedness incurred or repaid in
connection therewith, had been consummated (and the change in Consolidated EBITDA resulting therefrom) and incurred or repaid at the beginning of such period, and Consolidated Total Assets shall be calculated after giving effect thereto. 

Whenever pro forma effect is to be given to the Transactions or a Subject Transaction, the pro forma calculations shall be made in good faith
by a Financial Officer of Issuer (as set forth in a certificate of such Financial Officer delivered to the Trustee) (including adjustments for costs and charges arising out of the Transactions, the proposed Subject Transaction and all other Subject
Transactions that have been consummated during the relevant period, and the run-rate cost savings and synergies resulting from the Transactions or such Subject Transaction(s) that have been or are
reasonably anticipated to be realizable (run-rate means the full recurring benefit for a test period that is associated with any action taken or expected to be taken (including any savings expected
to result from the elimination of a public targets compliance costs with public company requirements), net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such test period from such actions), and any such adjustments included in the initial
pro forma calculations shall continue to apply to subsequent calculations of such financial ratios or tests, including during any subsequent test periods in which the effects thereof are expected to be realizable); provided, that,
(a) such amounts are factually supportable and reasonably identifiable and are projected by the Issuer in good faith to be realizable within twelve (12) months after the end of the test period in which the Transactions or the applicable
Subject Transaction occurred, (b) no amounts shall be added pursuant to this paragraph to the extent duplicative of any amounts that are otherwise added back in computing Consolidated EBITDA for such test period and (c) the provisions of
this paragraph shall in no way limit the add-backs that may be made to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to the definition thereof. 

If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be
calculated as if the rate in effect on the applicable date of determination for the event for which the calculation is made had been the applicable rate for the entire test period (taking into account any interest hedging arrangements applicable to
such Indebtedness). Interest on a Capital Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Financial Officer of Issuer to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capital Lease Obligation in accordance with
GAAP. Interest on Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate or other rate, shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such
optional rate as the Issuer may designate. 

Property or property means any right, title or interest
in or to property or assets of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible and including Equity Interests or other ownership interests of any person and whether now in existence or owned or hereafter
entered into or acquired, including all Real Property. 

38 

Public Company Costs means any costs, fees and expenses associated with,
in anticipation of, or in preparation for, compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith and costs, fees and expenses relating to compliance with the provisions
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (as applicable to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public), the rules of national securities exchanges for companies with listed equity or debt securities, directors or
managers compensation, fees and expense reimbursements, charges relating to investor relations, shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders and debtholders, directors and officers insurance and other executive costs, legal and
other professional fees and listing fees. 

Purchase Money Obligation means, for any Person, the obligations of such
Person in respect of Indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price of any fixed or Capital Assets or the cost of installation, construction or improvement of any fixed or Capital Assets and any refinancing
thereof; provided, however, that, (a) such Indebtedness is incurred no later than one hundred eighty (180) days after the acquisition, installation, construction, repair, replacement, exchange or improvement of such fixed or
Capital Assets by such Person, (b) the amount of such Indebtedness (excluding any costs, expenses and fees incurred in connection therewith) does not exceed one hundred percent (100%) of the cost of such acquisition, installation, construction
or improvement, as the case may be, and (c) the Liens granted with respect thereto do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness (with respect to Capital Lease Obligations, the Liens granted with
respect thereto do not at any time extend to or cover any assets other than the assets subject to such Capital Lease Obligations). 

QIB means a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 

Qualified Capital Stock of any Person means any Equity Interests of such person that are not Disqualified Capital Stock.

Quarterly Redemption Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.12. 

Rating Event means the rating on the Notes is lowered by at least one (1) of the applicable rating agencies on any day
within the 60-day period (which 60-day period will be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by
either of the applicable rating agencies) after the earlier of (1) the occurrence of a Change of Control and (2) public disclosure by the Issuer of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Issuers intention to effect a Change of
Control; provided, however, that a Rating Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating will not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Rating
Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Triggering Event) if the rating agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or inform the Trustee in writing at
the Issuers or the Trustees request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the
applicable Change of Control has occurred at the time of the Rating Event). 

39 

Real Property means, collectively, all right, title and interest
(including any leasehold, mineral or other estate) in and to any and all parcels of or interests in real property owned, leased or operated by any person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all easements,
hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof. 

Reference Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Cumulative Amount. 

Refinanced Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Notes Refinancing Indebtedness. 

Registered Equivalent Notes means, with respect to any notes originally issued in a Rule 144A or other private
placement transaction under the Securities Act of 1933, substantially identical notes (having the same guarantee obligations) issued in a dollar-for-dollar exchange
therefor pursuant to an exchange offer registered with the SEC. 

Registrar has the meaning assigned in
Section 2.03(a). 

Regulation D means Regulation D of the Board as from time to time in effect
and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Regulation T means Regulation T of the Board as
from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Regulation U means
Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations
thereunder or thereof. 

Reinvestment Yield means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Notes, 50 basis points (one-half of one percent) plus the yield to maturity implied by (a) the yields reported as of 10:00 a.m. (New York, New York time) on the second Business Day preceding the Settlement Date with respect to
such Called Principal, on the display designated as Page PX1 (or such other display as may replace Page PX1 on Bloomberg) or, if Page PX1 (or its successor screen on Bloomberg) is unavailable, the Telerate Access Service screen which
corresponds most closely to Page PX1 for the most recently issued actively traded U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity equal to the Remaining Life of such Called Principal as of such Settlement Date, or (b) if such yields are not reported
as of such time or the yields reported as of such time are not ascertainable (including by way of interpolation), the Treasury Constant Maturity Series Yields reported, for the latest day for which such yields have been so reported as of the second
Business Day preceding the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (or any comparable successor publication) for actively traded U.S. Treasury securities having a constant maturity
equal to the Remaining Life of such Called Principal as of such Settlement Date. Such implied yield will be determined, if necessary, by (i) converting U.S. Treasury bill quotations to bond equivalent yields in accordance with accepted
financial 

40 

practice and (ii) interpolating linearly between (A) the actively traded U.S. Treasury security with the maturity closest to and greater than such Remaining Life and (B) the
actively traded U.S. Treasury security with the maturity closest to and less than such Remaining Life. The Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to two decimal places. 

Release means any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping,
leaching, dumping, migrating, depositing, dispersing or disposing of any Hazardous Material into the Environment. 

Relevant
Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Remaining Life means, with respect to any Called Principal, the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) that will elapse between the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal and the Make-Whole Expiry Date. 

Remaining Scheduled Payments means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Note, all payments of interest in respect
of such Called Principal that would be due after the Settlement Date through the Make-Whole Expiry Date with respect to such Called Principal if no payment of such Called Principal were made (assuming that Term SOFR prevailing at the time the
applicable notice of redemption is delivered or, if no such notice is given, the time of such redemption applies through the applicable period). 

Required Debt Terms means in respect of any Indebtedness, the following requirements: (a) such Indebtedness
(i) does not have a maturity date or any mandatory prepayment or redemption features (other than customary asset sale events, insurance and condemnation proceeds events, change of control offers or events of default and, if secured, excess cash
flow sweeps and, solely in the case of Permitted Additional Debt secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations (including any Permitted Refinancing thereof secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations), regularly scheduled principal
amortization payments), in each case prior to the date that is the then Maturity Date at the time such Indebtedness is incurred and (ii) such Indebtedness does not have a shorter Weighted Average Life to Maturity than the Notes then
outstanding; provided, that, the limitations in this clause (a) shall not apply to any Permitted Additional Debt consisting of a customary bridge facility so long as the long-term debt into which such customary
bridge facility is to be converted satisfies the provisions of this clause, (b) no Person shall be a guarantor with respect to such Indebtedness unless such Person is a Guarantor which shall have previously or substantially concurrently
guaranteed the Obligations, (c) if such Indebtedness is secured by the Collateral, a Senior Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness has become party to both the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement and an appropriate
Other Intercreditor Agreement (i.e., reflecting whether such Indebtedness is secured on a pari passu or junior basis with the Obligations), (d) to the extent secured, any such Indebtedness is not secured by assets not constituting
Collateral, (e) any such Indebtedness that is payment subordinated shall be subject to a subordination agreement on terms that are reasonably acceptable to the Trustee (acting at the direction of the Controlling Parties) and the Issuer and
(f) the terms and conditions of such Indebtedness (excluding pricing, interest rate margins, rate floors, discounts, premiums, fees, and prepayment, redemption, or amortization terms and 

41 

provisions which shall be determined by the Issuer) either, at the option of the Issuer, (i) reflect market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at the time of incurrence, issuance or
effectiveness (as determined by the Issuer in good faith) or (ii) are not more favorable in any material respect to the lenders providing such Indebtedness than the terms and conditions of this Indenture (when taken as a whole) as reasonably
determined by the Issuer (except for covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after Maturity Date) (it being understood that (x) to the extent that any financial maintenance covenant (or other covenant) is added for the benefit
of any such Indebtedness, the terms and conditions of such Indebtedness will be deemed not to be more restrictive than the terms and conditions of this Indenture if such financial maintenance covenant (or other covenant) is also added for the
benefit of this Indenture and (y) no consent shall be required from the Trustee for terms or conditions that are not market terms or are more restrictive than this Indenture if such terms are added to this Indenture), provided,
further, that, a certificate delivered to the Trustee at least five (5) Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such Indebtedness
or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Issuer has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the requirements of this definition, shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy the
requirements of this definition. 

Requirements of Law means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state
and local laws (including common law), judgments, decrees, statutes, treaties, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental
Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, or other requirements of, any
Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 

Responsible Officer means, when used with
respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who
customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such Persons knowledge of and familiarity with the
particular subject and, in each case, who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture. 

Restricted
Debt Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.09(a). 

Restricted
Subsidiary means each Subsidiary other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

S&P means Standard &
Poors Ratings Service, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc., and its successors. 

Sale Leaseback Transaction means
any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any person whereby the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it 

42 

intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred; provided, that, (a) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing
or would immediately result therefrom and (b) such Sale Leaseback Transaction is consummated within one hundred eighty (180) days of the disposition of such property. 

Sanctions means sanctions administered by the United States (including by OFAC and the U.S. Department of State) or any
similar laws or regulations enacted by the United Nations, the European Union or the United Kingdom. 

SEC means the
Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 

Secured Net
Leverage Ratio means, at any date of determination, the ratio of (a)(x) Consolidated Secured Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on such date minus (y) Unrestricted Cash of the Issuer and its Restricted
Subsidiaries on such date in an amount not to exceed $25,000,000 to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended. 

Secured Parties means, collectively, (a) the Trustee, (b) the Collateral Agent, (c) the Holders,
(d) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by the Issuer or any Guarantor under this Indenture or any other Notes Documents and (e) each of their respective successors, permitted transferees and permitted assigns.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Securities Purchase Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025, by and
among the Issuer and the several purchasers of the Senior Notes (as defined therein). 

Security Agreement means one or
more security agreements by and among one or more of the Note Parties and the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties with respect to Liens granted on the Collateral thereunder as security for the Obligations. 

Security Agreement Collateral means all property pledged or granted as collateral pursuant to a Security Agreement
(a) on the Closing Date or (b) thereafter pursuant to Section 5.12 or Section 5.13 or Section 5.17 and in each case other than Excluded Property. 

Security Documents means the Security Agreements, any Mortgages, and each other security document or pledge agreement
delivered in accordance with applicable local or foreign law to grant a valid, perfected security interest in or a valid and enforceable Lien of record on, as applicable, any property as collateral for the Obligations, and any other document or
instrument utilized to pledge or grant or purport to pledge or grant a security interest in or lien on any property as collateral for the Obligations. 

Senior Representative means, with respect to any series of Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt, Junior Secured
Indebtedness, Permitted Junior Refinancing Debt, Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt or Permitted Additional Debt, the trustee, sole lender, administrative agent, collateral agent, security agent or similar agent under the indenture or agreement
pursuant to which such Indebtedness is issued, incurred or otherwise obtained, as the case may be, and each of their successors in such capacities. 

Settlement Date means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Note, the date on which such Called Principal is to be
redeemed pursuant to Article III. 

43 

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as
administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor
administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Note means a Note that bears interest at a rate based on
Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate. 

Specified Additional Debt Cap means an aggregate amount equal to $150,000,000. 

Specified Holders means those Holders listed on Schedule 1.01(a). 

Specified Letters of Credit means those letters of credit listed on Schedule 1.01(b). 

Subject Transaction means any (a) disposition of assets or Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary or of any
product line, business unit, line of business or division of the Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case to the extent otherwise permitted hereunder, (b) Permitted Acquisition, (c) other Investment that is permitted
hereunder (including with respect to any business unit, line of business or product line), (d) designation of any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary,
(e) proposed incurrence of Indebtedness or making of a Dividend or a Restricted Debt Payment in respect of which compliance with any financial ratio is by the terms of this Indenture required to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and
(f) termination or discontinuance of activities constituting a business unit, line of business or product line. 

Subordinated Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor that is by its terms subordinated in right of
payment to the Obligations of the Issuer and such Guarantor, as applicable. 

Subsidiary means, as to any Person, a
corporation, partnership or other entity of which shares of capital stock or other Equity Interests having ordinary voting power (other than capital stock or other equity interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency)
to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, directly or indirectly, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly, or both, by
such Person. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Issuer. 

44 

Subsidiary Guarantor means any of the Issuers Subsidiaries which is
a Wholly Owned Domestic Subsidiary and any Restricted Subsidiary that is, or becomes pursuant to Section 5.12, a party to this Indenture. 

Tax Change means any change in the Code or any other applicable Requirement of Law that would have the effect of changing
the amount of Taxes due and payable by Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any taxable period, as compared to the amount of Taxes that would have been due and payable by Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such taxable period under the
Code or any other Requirements of Law as in effect immediately prior to such change; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that the calculation of a change in Taxes due and payable shall take into account all changes to the Code or any other
Requirements of Law. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, (a) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without
giving effect to any election under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159 or FASB ASC 825 (or any other financial accounting standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of Issuer or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries at fair value, as defined therein and (b) the financial ratios and related definitions set forth in the Note Documents shall be computed to exclude the application of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 133, 150 or 123(R) or any other financial accounting standard having a similar result or effect (to the extent that the pronouncements in Financial Accounting Standards No. 123(R) result in recording an equity award as a liability on a
consolidated balance sheet of Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in the circumstance where, but for the application of the pronouncements, such award would have been classified as equity). 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term SOFR means, 

(a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Note, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on
the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator;
provided, however, that, if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark
Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business
Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 

45 

(b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Note on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate
for a tenor of one (1) month on the day (such day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day and, together with the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, the Interest Payment Determination Date) that is two
(2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that, if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day the
Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference
Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR Term SOFR Determination Day. 

If Term SOFR as determined above would be less than the Floor, Term SOFR will be deemed to be the Floor. 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term
SOFR Reference Rate as selected by the Issuer and approved by the Controlling Party). 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means
the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

Test Period means, at any time, subject to
Section 1.06, the four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of Issuer then last ended (in each case taken as one accounting period) for which financial statements have been or were required to be delivered pursuant to
Section 5.03(a) or 5.03(b) or, if the initial delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 5.03(a) or 5.03(b), as applicable, has not occurred prior to such time, for which
financial statements were delivered on or prior to the Closing Date. 

Total Net Leverage Ratio means, at any date of
determination, the ratio of (a)(x) Consolidated Total Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on such date minus (y) Unrestricted Cash of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on such date in an amount not to
exceed $25,000,000 to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended. 

Transaction Costs has
the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Transactions. 

Transaction Documents means the Note
Documents, the ABL Documents and the Warrants. 

Transactions means, collectively, (a) the transactions to occur on
or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (b) the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents, (c) the initial issuance of Notes hereunder and the borrowings under the ABL Documents,
(d) the Closing Date Refinancing and (e) the payment of all fees, premiums, expenses and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the foregoing, including to fund any original issue discount and upfront fees (the
Transaction Costs). 

46 

Trustee has the meaning given to that term in the preamble hereto, and
include each other person appointed as a successor pursuant to Article IX. 

Type when used in
reference to any Note, means a reference to whether the rate of interest on such Note is determined by reference to Term SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time (except as otherwise specified) in any applicable
state or jurisdiction. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the
related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

United States or U.S. means the United States of America.

Unrestricted Cash means, at any time, the aggregate amount of (a) unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents held in
accounts of Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries (whether or not held in an account pledged to the Trustee or Collateral Agent), and (b) cash and Cash Equivalents restricted in favor of lenders of Indebtedness under credit facilities (which
shall include any cash and Cash Equivalents securing other Indebtedness secured by a Lien on Collateral along with such credit facilities (provided, that, any such Liens are subordinated to or pari passu with the Liens in favor of the
Trustee or Collateral Agent), including any Indebtedness incurred under this Indenture and the other Note Documents or the ABL Credit Agreement and the other ABL Documents); provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the proceeds of an
Equity Cure Contribution shall not be included in this definition of Unrestricted Cash as of the last day of the fiscal quarter with respect to which such Equity Cure Contribution was made for any calculation of the Total Net Leverage Ratio for
purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.08(a). 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means
(a) any Subsidiary of the Issuer that is formed or acquired after the Closing Date and for which the Unrestricted Subsidiary Holder Consent has been obtained, (b) any Restricted Subsidiary subsequently designated as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary by the Issuer and for which the Unrestricted Subsidiary Holder Consent has been obtained, and (c) each Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided that in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above,
(I) such designation shall be deemed to be an Investment made on the date of such designation in an amount equal to the fair market value of the investment therein (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) and such designation shall be
permitted only to the extent permitted under Section 6.03 on the date of such designation, (II) there shall not be Unrestricted Subsidiary designated hereunder that is not also designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary
(or similar equivalent term) under the ABL Credit Agreement and under any documentation governing any Permitted Additional Debt or other Indebtedness, in each case, with an individual outstanding principal amount exceeding $5,000,000, (III) no
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would immediately result from such designation after giving pro forma effect thereto (including to the re-designation of Indebtedness and
Liens on the assets of such Subsidiary 

47 

as Indebtedness and Liens on assets of an Unrestricted Subsidiary) and (IV) no Unrestricted Subsidiary may own or hold, and none of the Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries may
transfer (including by granting an exclusive license) or contribute to any Unrestricted Subsidiary, any asset that is material to the business of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. The Issuer may, by written notice to the Trustee, re-designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary (which shall constitute a reduction in any outstanding Investment) (but may thereafter not re-designate
such Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary), and thereafter, such Subsidiary shall no longer constitute an Unrestricted Subsidiary, but only if no Event of Default would immediately result from such
re-designation (including the re-designation of Indebtedness and Liens on the assets of such Subsidiary as Indebtedness and Liens on assets of a Restricted Subsidiary
and the deemed return on any Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to clause (y)). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute (x) the incurrence by such Restricted Subsidiary
at the time of such designation of any Indebtedness or Liens of such Restricted Subsidiary outstanding at such time (after giving effect to, and taking into account, any payoff or termination of Indebtedness or any release or termination of Liens,
in each case, occurring in connection or substantially concurrently therewith) and (y) constitute a return on any Investment by the Issuer in such Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount equal to the fair market value (as determined in good faith
by the Issuer) at the date of such prior designation of such Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary (provided that the foregoing is without duplication of any increase to the Cumulative Amount pursuant to clause
(viii) of the definition thereof). As of the Closing Date, none of the Subsidiaries of the Issuer is an Unrestricted Subsidiary, and in no event shall the Issuer become an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary Holder Consent means the prior written consent of the Controlling Parties, provided at their sole
discretion, in response to a written request from the Issuer to the Controlling Parties and the Trustee (which may be made by e-mail) to designate a Subsidiary or Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary hereunder; provided, that (a) such request includes a certification of a Responsible Officer of the Issuer specifying that all of the applicable conditions set forth in the first proviso of the definition of Unrestricted
Subsidiary have been satisfied and (b) if the Controlling Parties do not provide a response to such written request within 10 Business Days of the date on which such request is received by the Controlling Parties and the Trustee, the
Controlling Parties shall be deemed to have provided their consent to such designation. 

Unsecured Indebtedness means
unsecured Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Note Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries. 

Vice President, when
used with respect to the Issuer, means any vice president, whether or not designated by a number or a word or words added before or after the title vice president. 

Voting Stock means, with respect to any person, any class or classes of Equity Interests pursuant to which the holders
thereof have the general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the Board of Directors of such person. 

Warrants means the warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock to be issued to the applicable Holders pursuant to the
Securities Purchase Agreement. 

48 

Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness
at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including
payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (b) the then
outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; provided, that, for purposes of determining the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Indebtedness or Disqualified Capital Stock that is being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed,
replaced or extended, the effects of any prepayments or amortization made on such Indebtedness or Disqualified Capital Stock prior to the date of the applicable modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension shall be
disregarded. 

Wholly Owned Domestic Subsidiary means, at any date a Wholly Owned Subsidiary which is a Domestic
Subsidiary at such date. 

Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary means, at any date a Wholly Owned Subsidiary which is a
Restricted Subsidiary at such date. 

Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person at any date, any
Subsidiary of such Person all of the shares of capital stock or other ownership interests of which (except directors qualifying shares or other nominal issuance in order to comply with local laws) are at the time directly or indirectly owned
by such Person. 

Section 1.02 Classification of Notes. For purposes of this Indenture, Notes may be classified and
referred to by Type (e.g., a SOFR Note). 

Section 1.03 Terms Generally. 

(a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may
require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The
word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any Note Document, agreement, instrument or other document
herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments,
supplements, replacements or modifications set forth herein or any Intercreditor Agreement), (ii) any reference herein to any person shall be construed to include such persons successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on
assignments set forth herein), (iii) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Indenture in its entirety and not to any particular provision
hereof, (iv) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Indenture, (v) any reference to any law or regulation herein
shall refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible
and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights, and 

49 

(vii) all references to the knowledge of any Group Member or facts known by any Group Member shall mean actual knowledge of any Responsible Officer of such Person. Any Responsible Officer
executing any Note Document or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, so executes or certifies in his/her capacity as a Responsible Officer on behalf of the applicable Note Party and not in any individual
capacity. 

(b) The term enforceability and its derivatives when used to describe the enforceability of an agreement shall mean
that such agreement is enforceable except as enforceability may be limited by any Debtor Relief Law and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 

(c) Any terms used in this Indenture that are defined in the UCC shall be construed and defined as set forth in the UCC unless otherwise
defined herein; provided, that, to the extent that the UCC is used to define any term herein and such term is defined differently in different Articles of the UCC, the definition of such term contained in Article 9 of the UCC shall
govern. 

(d) Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or
similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer,
amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited
liability company that is a Subsidiary, Restricted Subsidiary, Unrestricted Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 

(e) References in this Indenture to the principal amount of the Notes shall in all circumstances include the amount of PIK
Interest that has been added to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein,
nothing herein shall prohibit or restrict (i) any Subsidiary that is not a Note Party from dividing or sub-dividing into one or more divisions or (ii) any Note Party from dividing or sub-dividing into one or more divisions so long as (A) the divided or sub-divided entities are both Note Parties or (B) at such time, applicable basket capacity (or
flexibility, as applicable) would be available pursuant to Section 6.03, 6.04, 6.05 or 6.06 (as applicable) to give effect to such division or sub-division as if
the creation of such division or sub-division constituted an Investment, disposition, merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale or dividend, in each case, as and to the extent applicable
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, such division or sub-division made in reliance on this clause (B) shall be deemed to constitute a utilization of the applicable basket capacity
(or flexibility, as applicable) for the purposes of this Indenture and the other Note Documents). 

Section 1.04 Accounting Terms;
GAAP; Tax Laws. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Indenture shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time and all terms of an accounting or
financial nature shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with GAAP, as in effect on the 

50 

date hereof. If at any time any change in GAAP or Tax Change would affect the computation of any financial ratio, standard or term set forth in any Note Document, and the Issuer or the
Controlling Parties shall so request, the Controlling Parties and the Issuer shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio, standard or term to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP or Tax Change (subject to
approval by the Issuer); provided, that, until so amended, such ratio, standard or term shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP immediately prior to such change therein or, in the case of a Tax Change, as if the Applicable Tax
Laws immediately prior to such change therein continued to apply, and the Issuer shall provide to the Trustee and the Holders within five (5) days after delivery of each certificate or financial report required hereunder that is affected
thereby a written statement of a Financial Officer of Issuer setting forth in reasonable detail the differences (including any differences that would affect any calculations relating to the Financial Covenants as set forth in
Section 6.08) that would have resulted if such financial statements had been prepared giving effect to such change; provided, further that, to the extent any such change would have a negative impact on the
Issuer with respect to any ratio, financial calculation, financial reporting items or requirement computation, the Issuer may (in its sole discretion) elect to compute or report such ratio, financial calculation, financial reporting item or
requirement in accordance with GAAP and/or the Applicable Tax Laws, as the case may be, as changed and accordingly, if such an election is made, the Issuer shall not be required to deliver the written statement described in the immediately preceding
proviso with respect thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, for all purposes under this Indenture and the other Note Documents, including negative covenants, financials covenants and component definitions, GAAP will be deemed to treat
operating leases and Capital Leases in a manner consistent with their current treatment under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date, notwithstanding any modifications or interpretive changes thereto that may occur thereafter. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all financial ratios and tests (including the Total Net Leverage Ratio and the amount of
Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated EBITDA) contained in this Indenture (other than for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow) that are calculated with respect to any Test Period during which any Subject Transaction occurs shall be
calculated with respect to such Test Period and such Subject Transaction on a Pro Forma Basis. Further, if since the beginning of any such Test Period and on or prior to the date of any required calculation of any financial ratio or test
(a) any Subject Transaction shall have occurred or (b) any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries since the beginning of
such Test Period shall have consummated any Subject Transaction, then, in each case, any applicable financial ratio or test shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for such Test Period as if such Subject Transaction had occurred at the beginning of
the applicable Test Period (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that solely for purposes of calculating quarterly compliance with Section 6.08, the date of the required calculation shall be the last day of the
Test Period, and no Subject Transaction occurring thereafter shall be taken into account). 

Other than as provided in
Section 1.06, for purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event that by the terms of the Note Documents requires a calculation of any financial ratio or test (including the Total Net
Leverage Ratio and the amount of Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Total Assets), (i) such financial ratio or test shall be calculated at the time such action is taken, such change is made, such transaction is

51 

consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be, and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in such financial ratio or test occurring
after the time such action is taken, such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be and (ii) such financial ratio or test shall be calculated (on a Pro Forma Basis if applicable) using the most
recent financial statements which have been delivered by the Note Parties in accordance with Section 5.03(a) or 5.03(b) hereof. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent compliance with a financial ratio or test is calculated prior to the date
financial statements are first delivered under Section 5.03(a) or 5.03(b), such calculation shall use the Initial Financial Statements. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the defined terms Secured Net Leverage Ratio, Total Net Leverage
Ratio, Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated EBITDA when used in this Indenture or any other Note Document shall be deemed to refer to such ratio or amount with respect to the Group Members unless otherwise
expressly set forth herein or therein. 

At any time prior to the delivery of the financial statements in respect of the fiscal quarter of
Issuer ended March 31, 2025, any provision requiring the compliance with the Financial Covenants on a Pro Forma Basis shall be made assuming that compliance with such Financial Covenants set forth in Section 6.08 for
the Test Period ending on March 31, 2025 is required with respect to the most recently ended Test Period prior to such time before delivery thereof. 

Section 1.05 [Reserved]. 

Section 1.06 Limited Condition Acquisition. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, for purposes of (a) measuring
the relevant ratios (including the Total Net Leverage Ratio (including, without limitation, for purposes of determining pro forma compliance with the Financial Covenants as a condition to effecting any such transaction)) and baskets (including
baskets measured as a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets) with respect to the incurrence of any Indebtedness (including any Additional Notes and Permitted Additional Debt but excluding ABL Loans) or Liens or the making of
any Permitted Acquisitions or other similar Investments or (b) determining compliance with representations and warranties or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, in the case of clauses (a) and (b),
in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition, if the Issuer has made an LCT Election with respect to such Limited Condition Acquisition, the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted hereunder (including, in the case of
calculating Consolidated EBITDA, the reference date for determining which Test Period shall be the most recently ended Test Period for purposes of making such calculation) shall be deemed to be the date the definitive agreements for (or in the case
of a Limited Condition Acquisition that involves some other manner of establishing a binding obligation (including, without limitation under local law), such other binding obligations to consummate) such Limited Condition Acquisition are entered
into or, at the Issuers election, the date the applicable Limited Condition Acquisition is declared (including through public announcement) (the LCT Test Date), and if, after giving pro forma effect to such Limited Condition
Acquisition and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith as if they had occurred at the beginning of the most recent Test Period ending prior to the LCT Test Date, the Group Members could have taken such action on the
relevant LCT Test Date in 

52 

compliance with such ratio, basket, representation and warranty, or Default or Event of Default blocker such ratio, basket, or representation and warranty or Default or Event of
Default blocker shall be deemed to have been complied with (and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have arisen thereafter with respect to such Limited Condition Acquisition from any such failure to comply with such ratio,
basket, or representation and warranty). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer has made an LCT Election and any of the ratios, baskets, Default or Event of Default blockers or representations and warranties for which compliance was
determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date would thereafter have failed to have been satisfied as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio or basket, including due to fluctuations in Consolidated EBITDA, Unrestricted Cash, Consolidated Total
Indebtedness or Consolidated Total Assets or otherwise, at or prior to the consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such baskets, ratios or representations and warranties will not be deemed to have failed to have been satisfied as a
result of such fluctuations or otherwise. If the Issuer has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Acquisition, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio or basket on or following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to
the earlier of (i) the date on which such Limited Condition Acquisition is consummated or (ii) the date that the definitive agreement for (or in the case of a Limited Condition Acquisition that involves some other manner of establishing a
binding obligation under local law, such other binding obligations to consummate) such Limited Condition Acquisition is terminated or expires, in each case without consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition, any such ratio (other than the
Financial Covenant under Section 6.08(a)) or basket shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Limited Condition Acquisition and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of
Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated. 

Section 1.07 Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified,
all references herein to times of day shall be references to New York City time. 

Section 1.08 Deliveries. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, whenever any document, agreement, payment or other item is required by any Note Document to be delivered, made or completed on a day that is not a Business Day, the due date thereof shall be extended to the next
succeeding Business Day. 

Section 1.09 Schedules and Exhibits. All of the schedules and exhibits attached to this Indenture
shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference. 

Section 1.10 Currency Generally. For purposes of determining compliance
with Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.03, 6.04, 6.05, 6.06, 6.07 or 6.09, with respect to any Indebtedness, Liens, Investments, liquidations, dissolutions, mergers, consolidations,
Asset Sales or other dispositions, Dividends, affiliate transactions or Restricted Debt Payments in a currency other than Dollars, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of currency
exchange occurring after the time Issuer or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall (or, solely in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition, shall enter into a contractual obligation to) incur, enter into, make or acquire such Indebtedness,
Liens, Investments, liquidations, dissolutions, mergers, consolidations, Asset Sales or other dispositions, Dividends, affiliate transactions or Restricted Debt Payments (so long as, at the time of incurring, entering into, making or acquiring (or,
solely in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition, at the time of entering into the contract to incur, enter into, make or acquire) such Indebtedness, Liens, Investments, 

53 

liquidations, dissolutions, mergers, consolidations, Asset Sales or other dispositions, Dividends, affiliate transactions or Restricted Debt Payments, such transaction was permitted hereunder)
and once incurred, entered into, made or acquired (or, solely in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition, contractually obligated to be incurred, entered into, made or acquired), the amount of such Indebtedness, Liens, Investments,
liquidations, dissolutions, mergers, consolidations, Asset Sales or other dispositions, Dividends, affiliate transactions or Restricted Debt Payments, shall be always deemed to be at the Dollar equivalent amount on such date, regardless of later
changes in currency exchange rates. The Issuer shall determine in good faith the Dollar equivalent amount of such utilization or other measurement denominated in a currency other than Dollars. 

Section 1.11 Basket Amounts and Application of Multiple Relevant Provisions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
(a) unless specifically stated otherwise herein, any Dollar, number, percentage or other amount available under any carve-out, basket, exclusion or exception to any individual affirmative, negative or
other covenant in this Indenture or the other Note Documents may be accumulated, added, combined, aggregated or used together by any Note Party and its Subsidiaries under such individual covenant without limitation, and (b) any action or event
permitted by this Indenture or the other Note Documents need not be permitted solely by reference to one provision permitting such action or event but may be permitted in part by one such provision and in part by one or more other provisions of this
Indenture and the other Note Documents. For purposes of determining compliance with Article VI, in the event that any Lien, Investment, liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, Indebtedness (whether at the time of
incurrence or upon application of all or a portion of the proceeds thereof), disposition, Dividend, Affiliate transaction, contractual requirement or prepayment of Indebtedness meets the criteria of one, or more than one, of the baskets
or categories of transactions then permitted pursuant to any clause or subsection of the applicable covenant under Article VI, such transaction (or any portion thereof) at any time shall be permitted under one or more of
such baskets or categories at the time of such transaction or any later time from time to time, in each case, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion at such time and thereafter may be reclassified or divided among such
baskets or categories (as if incurred at such later time) by the Issuer in any manner not expressly prohibited by this Indenture; provided, that, all Indebtedness outstanding under the Note Documents incurred on the Closing Date will be
deemed to be incurred only in reliance on Section 6.01(a) and any ABL Obligations incurred on the Closing Date will be deemed to be incurred only in reliance on Section 6.01(c). 

Section 1.12 Acts of Holders. 

(a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by
Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by an agent duly appointed in writing. Except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become
effective when such instrument or instruments or record or both are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Issuer and the Guarantors. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such
agent, or the holding by any Person of a Note, shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 9.01) conclusive in favor of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantors, if
made in the manner provided in this Section 1.12.

54 

(b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may
be proved (i) by the affidavit of a witness of such execution or by the certificate of any notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument or writing
acknowledged to him the execution thereof or (ii) in any other manner deemed reasonably sufficient by the Trustee. Where such execution is by a signer acting in a capacity other than such signers individual capacity, such certificate or
affidavit shall also constitute proof of such signers authority. The fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the Person executing the same, may also be proved in any other manner that the Trustee
deems sufficient. 

(c) The ownership of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register. 

(d) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Note shall bind every future
Holder of the same Note and the Holder of every Note issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by the Trustee, the Collateral Agent, the Issuer or
the Guarantors in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Note. 

(e) If the Issuer shall solicit from
the Holders any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other act, the Issuer may, at its option, by or pursuant to a board resolution of the Issuers Board of Directors, fix in advance a record date for the
determination of Holders entitled to give such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other act, but the Issuer shall have no obligation to do so. Any such record date shall be the record date specified in or pursuant
to such board resolution, which shall be a date not more than 30 days prior to the first solicitation of Holders generally in connection therewith and no later than the date such solicitation is completed. If such a record date is fixed, such
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other act may be given before or after such record date, but only the Holders of record at the close of business on such record date shall be deemed to be Holders for the purposes
of determining whether Holders of the requisite proportion of outstanding Notes have authorized or agreed or consented to such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other act, and for that purpose the outstanding
Notes shall be computed as of such record date; provided that no request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other act by the Holders on such record date shall be deemed effective unless it shall become effective
pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture not later than six months after the record date. 

(f) Without limiting the foregoing, a
Holder entitled to take any action hereunder with regard to any particular Note may do so with regard to all or any part of the principal amount of such Note or by one or more duly appointed agents, each of which may do so pursuant to such
appointment with regard to all or any part of such principal amount. Any notice given or action taken by a Holder or its agents with regard to different parts of such principal amount pursuant to this paragraph shall have the same effect as if given
or taken by separate Holders of each such different part. 

55 

(g) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a Holder, including a Depositary that
is the Holder of a Global Note, may make, give or take, by a proxy or proxies duly appointed in writing, any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided in this Indenture to be made, given or taken by
Holders, and a Depositary that is the Holder of a Global Note may provide its proxy or proxies to the beneficial owners of interests in any such Global Note through such Depositarys standing instructions and customary practices. 

(h) With respect to any Global Note, the Issuer may fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Persons who are beneficial owners of
interests in any Global Note held by a Depositary entitled under the procedures of such Depositary, if any, to make, give or take, by a proxy or proxies duly appointed in writing, any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent,
waiver or other action provided in this Indenture to be made, given or taken by Holders; provided that if such a record date is fixed, only the beneficial owners of interests in such Global Note on such record date or their duly appointed
proxy or proxies shall be entitled to make, give or take such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action, whether or not such beneficial owners remain beneficial owners of interests in such Global Note after
such record date. No such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action shall be effective hereunder unless made, given or taken on or prior to the expiration date, if any, designated by the Issuer. 

(i) Notwithstanding anything else in this Indenture to the contrary, with respect to any Global Note held through the Depositary (or a nominee
thereof), each Person holding a beneficial interest in such Global Note may be considered to be a noteholder of its portion of the notes for purposes of providing any consent or direction requested by the Trustee hereunder or providing any other
consent or direction contemplated hereby (for example, such Person may consent to any waiver or amendment directly without requiring the participation of the applicable clearing system or its nominee and may attend and vote at meetings of
noteholders); it being understood that the Trustee must have received from (or on behalf of) such Person evidence satisfactory to the Trustee (in its sole discretion) that such Person holds the beneficial interests in such Global Note that it
purports to hold, and such evidence of ownership may include a securities position or participant list or other information obtained from the applicable clearing system. The Trustee shall have no liability for acting in good faith on any such
consent, waiver, direction, instruction or other vote from any such Person or for the sufficiency of the evidence deemed satisfactory to the Trustee. Each beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note, by its acceptance of such interest, agrees
to be bound by the provisions of this Section 1.12(i) and waives any claim arising from actions taken by the Trustee in reliance on this Section 1.12(i). 

Section 1.13 Currency Translation. 

(a) For purposes of determining compliance as of any date after the Closing Date with Section 5.10, 6.01,
6.02, 6.03, 6.04, 6.05, 6.06, 6.07, 6.08 or 6.09, or, or for any other specified purpose hereunder, amounts incurred (or first committed, in the case of revolving credit debt), distributed,
paid, invested or outstanding in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into Dollars at the exchange rates in effect on such date, as such exchange rates shall be determined in good faith by the Issuer by reference to customary indices.

56 

(b) For purposes of determining compliance with Section 5.03(a) and
5.03(b), if Indebtedness is incurred or a Lien is granted to extend, replace, refund, refinance, renew or defease other Indebtedness (secured or otherwise) denominated in a foreign currency, and such extension, replacement, refunding,
refinancing, renewal or defeasance would cause the applicable restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such extension, replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance, such
restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being extended, replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed or defeased,
plus the amount of any premium paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such extension, replacement, refunding refinancing, renewal or defeasance (including any fees and original issue discount incurred in respect of such
resulting Indebtedness). 

(c) For purposes of determining compliance with the Total Net Leverage Ratio on any date of determination,
amounts denominated in a currency other than Dollars will be translated into Dollars (i) with respect to income statement items, at the currency exchange rates used in calculating Consolidated Net Income in the latest financial statements
delivered pursuant to Section 5.03(a) or 5.03(b) (or, if such financial statements have not yet been delivered, pursuant to the Initial Financial Statements) and (ii) with respect to balance sheet items, at the
currency exchange rates used in calculating balance sheet items in the latest financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.03(a) or 5.03(b) (or, if such financial statements have not yet been delivered,
pursuant to the Initial Financial Statements) and will, in the case of Indebtedness, reflect the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of Hedging Agreements permitted hereunder for currency exchange risks with respect to
the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination of the Dollar equivalent of such Indebtedness. 

Section 1.14
Disclaimer and Exculpation With Respect to SOFR and any Benchmark Rate. None of the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent warrant or accept responsibility for, and none of the Trustee, Paying
Agent or Calculation Agent shall have any liability or obligation with respect to (a) monitoring, determining or verifying the unavailability, the cessation, the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of (other than as
set forth in Section 2.12, with respect to the Calculation Agent) or any other matter related to Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, SOFR, any other Benchmark, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to
in the definition thereof, or any alternative, comparable, replacement or successor rate thereto, including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, comparable, replacement or successor rate will be similar to, or produce
the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, SOFR, or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or to determine whether or
when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence of any Benchmark Transition Event of Benchmark Replacement Date or any successor replacement index, (b) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark
Replacement, or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or determine whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied or, (c) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or other
modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (d) or the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes made to this Indenture or any other Note Document with respect to the implementation or replacement of any of the
aforementioned benchmark rates. 

57 

The Trustee and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that
affect the calculation of Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto, or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Issuer, the Holders or any
other party to any Note Document. 

None of the Trustee, Paying Agent, nor Calculation Agent shall be liable for any inability, failure or
delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in this Indenture or other Transaction Document as a result of the unavailability of Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, SOFR (or other applicable Benchmark) and
absence of a designated replacement Benchmark, including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by
the terms of this Indenture or other Transaction Document and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. The Calculation Agent shall, in respect of any Interest Payment Determination Date or any other day on which an interest rate is
determined, have no liability for the application of the Benchmark as determined on the previous day such interest rate was determined or any preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day if so required hereunder. If the Calculation Agent at any
time or times determines in its reasonable judgment that guidance is needed to perform its duties, or if it is required to decide between alternative courses of action, the Calculation Agent may (but is not obligated to) reasonably request guidance
in the form of written instructions (or, in its sole discretion, oral instruction followed by written confirmation) from the Issuer or its designee, including without limitation in respect of facilitating or specifying administrative procedures with
respect to the calculation of any Benchmark, on which the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to rely without liability. The Calculation Agent shall be entitled to refrain from action pending receipt of such instruction. 

ARTICLE II 

THE
NOTES 

Section 2.01 Form and Dating, Terms. 

(a) Provisions relating to the Initial Notes, Additional Notes and any other Notes issued under this Indenture are set forth in Appendix A,
which is hereby incorporated in and expressly made a part of this Indenture (with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture). The Notes and the Trustees
certificate of authentication shall each be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture), which is hereby
incorporated in and expressly made a part of this Indenture. The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, rules or agreements with national securities exchanges to which the Issuer or any Guarantor is subject, if any, or
usage (provided that any such notation, legend or endorsement is in a form acceptable to the Issuer). Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Notes shall be issued only in fully registered form without coupons and only in
minimum denominations of $1.00 and integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof. 

(b) The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be
authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited. 

58 

(c) The terms and provisions contained in the Notes shall constitute, and are hereby
expressly made, a part of this Indenture, and the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the extent any provision
of any Note conflicts with the express provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture shall govern and be controlling. 

(d) The Notes shall be subject to repurchase by the Issuer pursuant to a Net Cash Proceeds Offer as provided in
Section 3.08 or a Change of Control Offer as provided in Section 3.09, and otherwise as not prohibited by this Indenture. The Notes shall not be redeemable, other than as provided in Article
III. 

(e) An unlimited aggregate principal amount of Additional Notes ranking pari passu with the Initial Notes and the PIK Notes may
be created and issued from time to time by the Issuer without notice to or consent of the Holders and shall be consolidated with and form a single class with the Initial Notes and the PIK Notes and shall have the same terms as to status, redemption
or otherwise (other than Closing Date, issue price and, if applicable, the first interest payment date and the first date from which interest will accrue) as the Initial Notes and the PIK Notes; provided that the Issuers ability to
issue Additional Notes shall be subject to the Issuers compliance with Section 6.01 and Section 6.02; provided further that if any Additional Notes are not fungible with the Initial
Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such Additional Notes shall have separate CUSP and ISIN numbers from the Initial Notes. The Initial Notes, any PIK Notes and any Additional Notes shall be treated as a single class for all purposes under
this Indenture, including waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase. Any Additional Notes shall be issued either pursuant an Officers Certificate of the Issuer, pursuant to a resolution by the Board of Directors of the Issuer or
pursuant to an indenture supplemental to this Indenture. 

(f) In connection with the payment of PIK Interest in respect of the Notes, the
Issuer is entitled to, without the consent of the Holders, issue additional Notes (the PIK Notes) under this Indenture having the same terms and conditions as the applicable outstanding Notes or increase the outstanding principal
amount of the Notes in the amount of such PIK Interest. For the avoidance of doubt, references in this Indenture to the principal amount of Notes shall include any PIK Notes, as applicable and any PIK Interest which has been added to the principal
of a Global Note. 

(g) The Initial Notes, the Additional Notes and any PIK Notes issued as a result of a PIK Election, to the maximum
extent possible, shall be considered collectively as a single class for all purposes of this Indenture, including waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to repurchase and Holders of Additional Notes and PIK Notes will share equally and ratably
in the Collateral with other Holders; provided that any Additional Notes will not be issued with the same CUSIP number, ISIN or other identifying number as the Initial Notes unless such Additional Notes are fungible with the
Initial Notes for U.S. federal income tax and securities law purposes. Holders of the Initial Notes, the Additional Notes and the PIK Notes will vote and consent together on all matters to which such Holders are entitled to vote or consent as one
class, and none of the Holders of the Initial Notes, the Additional Notes or the PIK Notes shall have the right to vote or consent as a separate class on any matter to which such Holders are entitled to vote or consent. 

59 

Section 2.02 Execution and Authentication. 

(a) At least one Officer of the Issuer shall execute the Notes on behalf of the Issuer by manual, electronic or facsimile signature. If an
Officer whose signature is on a Note no longer holds that or any office at the time a Note is authenticated, the Note shall nevertheless be valid. 

(b) A Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose until authenticated
substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto by the manual signature of an authorized signatory of the Trustee. The signature shall be conclusive evidence that the Note has been duly authenticated and delivered under this Indenture.

(c) On the Closing Date, the Trustee shall, upon receipt of a written request or order of the Issuer signed by an Officer of the Issuer
(an Authentication Order), authenticate and deliver the Initial Notes. In addition, at any time and from time to time, the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, authenticate and deliver any Additional Notes in an
aggregate principal amount specified in such Authentication Order for such Additional Notes issued hereunder. 

(d) The Trustee may appoint
an Authenticating Agent acceptable to the Issuer to authenticate Notes in accordance Section 9.10 hereof. Unless limited by the terms of such appointment, an Authenticating Agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee
may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. An Authenticating Agent has the same rights as an Agent to deal with Holders, the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer. 

(e) The Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery upon receipt of an Authentication Order from the Issuer (i) Initial
Notes for original issue on the Closing Date in an aggregate principal amount of $232,160,000, (ii) subject to the terms of this Indenture, Additional Notes, (iii) any PIK Notes issued in payment of PIK Interest and (iv) any Unrestricted
Global Notes (as defined in Appendix A) issued in exchange for any of the foregoing in accordance with this Indenture. Such order shall specify the amount of the Notes to be authenticated, the date on which the Notes are to be authenticated
and whether the Notes are to be Initial Notes, PIK Notes, Additional Notes or Unrestricted Global Notes. Upon receipt of a written order of the Issuer signed by one Officer of the Issuer, the Trustee shall authenticate Notes in substitution for
Notes originally issued to reflect any name change of the Issuer. 

(f) On any Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer pays PIK Interest
with respect to a Global Note, the Trustee shall increase the principal amount of such Global Note by an amount equal to the interest payable, rounded up to the nearest whole Dollar, for the relevant interest period on the principal amount of such
Global Note as of the relevant record date for such Interest Payment Date, to the credit of the Holders on such record date, pro rata in accordance with their interests, and an adjustment shall be made on the books and records of the Trustee (if it
is then the Custodian for such Global Note) with respect to such Global Note, by the Trustee or the Custodian, to reflect such increase. On any Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer pays PIK Interest by issuing definitive PIK Notes, the
principal amount of any such PIK Notes issued to any Holder, for the relevant interest period as of the relevant record date for such Interest Payment Date, shall be rounded up to the nearest whole Dollar. 

60 

Section 2.03 Registrar; Paying Agent. 

(a) The Issuer shall maintain an office or agency where Notes may be presented for registration of transfer or for exchange
(Registrar) and at least one office or agency where Notes may be presented for payment (Paying Agent). The Registrar shall keep a register of the Notes (Note Register) and of their transfer
and exchange. The Issuer may appoint one or more co-registrars and one or more additional paying agents. The term Registrar includes any co-registrar, and the term Paying Agent includes
any additional paying agent. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to any Holder. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee in writing of the name and address of any Agent not a party to this Indenture. If the Issuer fails to
appoint or maintain another entity as Registrar or Paying Agent, the Trustee shall act as such. The Issuer and/or any Restricted Subsidiary may act as Paying Agent or Registrar. 

(b) The Issuer initially appoints The Depository Trust Company to act as Depositary with respect to the Global Notes. The Issuer initially
appoints U.S. Bank to act as Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes and to act as Custodian with respect to the Global Notes. 

Section 2.04 Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust. Unless otherwise agreed with the Paying Agent, the Issuer shall, no later than
12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on each due date for the payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on any of the Notes, deposit with a Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay such amount, such sum to be held in trust for the Holders entitled
to the same, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act. The Issuer shall require each Paying Agent other than the Trustee to agree in writing that such Paying Agent
shall hold in trust for the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all money held by such Paying Agent for the payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes, and shall notify the Trustee of any default by the Issuer in making any such
payment. While any such default continues, the Trustee may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it in trust for the benefit of the Holders to the Trustee. The Issuer at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to
the Trustee. Upon payment over to the Trustee, a Paying Agent shall have no further liability for the money. If the Issuer or a Subsidiary acts as Paying Agent, it shall segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of the Holders all
money held by it as Paying Agent. Upon any bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings relating to the Issuer specified in Section 8.01(g) or 8.01(h), the Trustee shall serve as Paying Agent for the Notes. 

Section 2.05 Holder Lists. The Trustee, for so long as it is acting as Registrar, shall preserve in as current a form as is
reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of all Holders. If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee at least two Business Days before each interest payment date,
and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders. Every Holder, by receiving and holding the same, agrees with
the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent that none of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee or the Collateral Agent or any agent of any of them shall be held accountable by reason of the disclosure of any information as to
the names and addresses of the Holders, regardless of the source from which such information was derived. 

61 

Section 2.06 Transfers and Exchange. 

(a) The Notes shall be issued in registered form and shall be transferable only upon the surrender of a Note for registration of transfer and
in compliance with Appendix A. 

(b) To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee
shall authenticate Global Notes and Definitive Notes upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 or at the Registrars request. 

(c) No service charge shall be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of the Notes (other than pursuant to
Section 2.07), but the Holders shall be required to pay any documentary, stamp, similar issue or transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other than any such documentary, stamp, similar
issue or transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant to Sections 2.10, 3.06, 3.08, 3.09, 6.05 and 12.04). 

(d) All Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Definitive Notes shall be
the valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Global Notes or Definitive Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange. 

(e) Neither the Issuer nor the Registrar shall be required (i) to issue, to register the transfer of or to exchange any Note during a
period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of any selection of Notes for redemption in accordance with Section 3.02 and ending at the close of business on the day of selection, (ii) to register
the transfer of or to exchange any Note so selected for redemption (including in connection with a Change of Control Offer or a Net Cash Proceeds Offer), in whole or in part, except the unredeemed or unpurchased portion of any Note being redeemed or
repurchased in part or (iii) to register the transfer of or to exchange any Note between a record date and the next succeeding interest payment date. 

(f) Prior to due presentment for the registration of a transfer of any Note, the Trustee, any Agent and the Issuer may deem and treat the
Person in whose name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal, premium, if any, and (subject to the record date provisions of the Notes) interest on such Notes and, subject to
Section 1.12(i) for any other purposes, and none of the Trustee, any Agent or the Issuer shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

(g) Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note at the office or agency of the Issuer designated pursuant to
Section 5.02, the Issuer shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and mail, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more replacement Notes of any authorized denomination or denominations of
a like aggregate principal amount. 

62 

(h) At the option of the Holder, Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of any authorized
denomination or denominations of a like aggregate principal amount upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever any Global Notes or Definitive Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Issuer shall execute, and the
Trustee shall authenticate and mail, the replacement Global Notes and Definitive Notes which the Holder making the exchange is entitled to in accordance with the provisions of Appendix A. 

(i) All certifications, certificates and Opinions of Counsel required to be submitted to the Registrar pursuant to this
Section 2.06 to effect a registration of transfer or exchange may be submitted by mail or by facsimile or electronic transmission. 

(j) Every Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange shall (if so required by the Issuer or the Registrar) be
duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Registrar, duly executed by the Holder thereof or his or her attorney duly authorized in writing. 

Section 2.07 Replacement Notes. If a mutilated Note is surrendered to the Trustee or if a Holder claims that its Note has been
lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken and the Trustee receives evidence to its satisfaction of the ownership and loss, destruction or theft of such Note, the Issuer shall issue and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, shall
authenticate a replacement Note if the Trustees requirements are otherwise met. If required by the Trustee or the Issuer, an indemnity bond must be provided by the Holder that is sufficient in the judgment of the Trustee and the Issuer to
protect the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent and any authenticating agent from any loss that any of them may suffer if a Note is replaced. The Issuer may charge the Holder for the expenses of the Issuer and the Trustee in replacing a Note. Every
replacement Note is a contractual obligation of the Issuer and shall be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with all other Notes duly issued hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
Section 2.07, in case any mutilated, lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Note has become or is about to become due and payable, the Issuer in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new Note, pay such Note. 

Section 2.08 Outstanding Notes. 

(a) The Notes outstanding at any time are all the Notes authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered to it
for cancellation, those reductions in the interest in a Global Note effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof, and those described in this Section 2.08 as not outstanding. Except as set forth in
Section 2.09, a Note does not cease to be outstanding because the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer holds the Note. 

(b) If a Note is replaced pursuant to Section 2.07, it ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee receives proof
satisfactory to it that the replaced Note is held by a protected purchaser, as such term is defined in Section 8-303 of the New York UCC. 

(c) If the principal amount of any Note is considered paid under Section 5.01, it ceases to be outstanding and
interest on it ceases to accrue from and after the date of such payment. 

(d) If a Paying Agent (other than the Issuer, a Subsidiary or an
Affiliate of any thereof) holds, on the maturity date, any redemption date or any date of purchase pursuant to an Change of Control Offer, money sufficient to pay Notes payable or to be redeemed or purchased on that date, then on and after that date
such Notes shall be deemed to be no longer outstanding and shall cease to accrue interest. 

63 

Section 2.09 Treasury Notes. In determining whether the Holders of the requisite
principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, Notes beneficially owned by the Issuer, or by any Affiliate of the Issuer, shall be considered as though not outstanding, except that for the purposes of determining
whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Notes that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has written notice as being so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned which have been pledged in
good faith shall not be disregarded if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right to deliver any such direction, waiver or consent with respect to the Notes and that the pledgee is not the Issuer or any
obligor upon the Notes or any Affiliate of the Issuer or of such other obligor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Notes that are to be acquired by the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer pursuant to an exchange offer, tender offer or other agreement
shall not be deemed to be owned by such entity until legal title to such Notes passes to such entity. To the extent the Issuer acquires Notes, the Issuer may in its discretion, but is not required to, submit such Notes to the Trustee for
cancellation. 

Section 2.10 Temporary Notes. Until Definitive Notes are ready for delivery, the Issuer may prepare and the
Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, shall authenticate temporary Notes. Temporary Notes shall be substantially in the form of Definitive Notes but may have variations that the Issuer considers appropriate for temporary Notes. Without
unreasonable delay, the Issuer shall prepare and the Trustee shall authenticate Definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes. Holders and beneficial holders, as the case may be, of temporary Notes shall be entitled to all of the benefits
accorded to Holders, or beneficial holders, respectively, of Notes under this Indenture. 

Section 2.11 Cancellation. All Notes
surrendered for payment, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange or for credit against any current or future sinking fund payment shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee, be delivered to the Trustee. All Notes so
delivered to the Trustee shall be promptly cancelled by it. The Issuer may at any time deliver to the Trustee for cancellation any Notes previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Issuer may have acquired in any manner whatsoever,
and may deliver to the Trustee (or to any other Person for delivery to the Trustee) for cancellation any Notes previously authenticated hereunder which the Issuer has not issued and sold, and all Notes so delivered shall be promptly cancelled by the
Trustee. If the Issuer shall acquire any of the Notes, however, such acquisition shall not operate as a redemption, cancellation or satisfaction of the indebtedness represented by such Notes unless and until the same are surrendered to the Trustee
for cancellation. If the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries acquires any of the Notes, the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries may, but are not required to, submit such Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. No Notes shall be
authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Notes cancelled as provided in this Section 2.11, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. All cancelled Notes held by the Trustee shall be disposed of by the Trustee
in accordance with its customary procedures. The Issuer may not issue new Notes or replace Notes that it has paid or that have been delivered to Trustee for cancellation. The Trustee shall, at the Issuers written request, provide certification
of the disposal of cancelled Notes. 

64 

Section 2.12 Calculations. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable
(but in any event no later than five (5) days prior to any Interest Payment Date or the date of any other amount payable under this Section 2.12) notify the Issuer and the Holders of the payment date and the amount of
interest payment, or other payment due on such Interest Payment Date. Each determination of an interest rate or interest payment amount by the Calculation Agent pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the
Issuer and the Holders in the absence of manifest error. Concurrent with each notice delivered pursuant to this Section 2.12, the Calculation Agent shall deliver to the Issuer and the Holders showing the quotations used by
the Calculation Agent in determining any interest rate, if applicable, and the calculations related to any interest payment amount. 

Section 2.13 Interest on Notes. 

(a) Interest Election. At least five (5) Business Days prior to the expiration of the then current Interest Period (with respect
to SOFR Notes) or before an Interest Payment Date (with respect to ABR Notes), the Issuer shall deliver an Interest Election Request to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent pursuant to which the Issuer shall elect (i) in the
case of a SOFR Note, to (x) continue such Note as a SOFR Note with such Interest Period duration as the Issuer may specify in such notice or (y) convert such Note to an ABR Note upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period or
(ii) in the case of an ABR Note, to (x) continue such Note as an ABR Note or (y) convert such Note to a SOFR Note with such Interest Period duration as the Issuer may specify effective as of the upcoming Interest Payment Date. In the
absence of receipt of an Interest Election Request by the time specified in the immediately preceding sentence, (i) in the case of a SOFR Note, such Note shall continue as a SOFR Note with an Interest Period of the same duration and
(ii) in the case of an ABR Note, such ABR Note shall continue as an ABR Note effective as of the upcoming Interest Payment Date. At all times, there shall be only ABR Notes or only SOFR Notes. The Initial Notes will be issued as SOFR Notes with
an Interest Period of one (1) month on the Closing Date and no Interest Election Request shall be required in connection with such issuance. 

(b) ABR Notes. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.13(d) and 2.13(g), the ABR Notes shall bear
interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time. 

(c) SOFR
Notes. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.13(d) and 2.13(g), the SOFR Notes shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Note
plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time. 

(d) Default Rate and Interest Payable at Default Rate.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence and during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), 8.01(b), 8.01(g) or 8.01(h), the overdue Obligations and, at the election of the
Controlling Parties, any other Obligations, shall bear interest at a perannum rate equal to (i) in the case of principal on any Note, two percent (2.00%) plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Note as provided in
Section 2.13(b) and Section 2.13(c) or (ii) in the case of any other such Obligations, two percent (2.00%) plus the rate applicable to ABR Notes as provided in
Section 2.13(b). The Issuer shall pay such interest to the Persons who are Holders on a subsequent special record date at the rate provided in this Section 2.13(d). The Issuer shall notify the
Trustee and the Paying 

65 

Agent in writing of the amount of such interest proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment, and at the same time the Issuer shall deposit with the Trustee or the Paying
Agent an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount proposed to be paid in respect of such interest or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be
held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such interest as provided in this Section 2.13. The Issuer shall fix or cause to be fixed any such special record date and payment date; provided that no such special
record date shall be less than 10 days prior to the related payment date for such interest. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee and the Paying Agent of any such special record date. At least 15 days before any such special record date, the
Issuer (or, upon the written request of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Paying Agent in the name and at the expense of the Issuer) shall send or cause to be sent to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee and the Paying Agent, a notice at his or her
address as it appears in the Note Register that states the special record date, the related payment date and the amount of such interest to be paid. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.13 and for greater
certainty, each Note delivered under this Indenture upon registration of transfer of or in exchange for or in lieu of any other Note shall carry the rights to interest accrued and unpaid, and to accrue interest, which were carried by such other
Note. 

(e) Yield. If the initial Yield on any Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness incurred pursuant toSection 6.01(d) or any Permitted Additional Debt in the form of loans or notes secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(a) exceeds the then applicable Yield on the
Notes by more than 50 basis points (the amount of such excess above 50 basis points being referred to herein as the Yield Differential), then the Applicable Margin then in effect for the Notes shall, upon receipt by the Trustee
and the Calculation Agent of an Officers Certificate notifying it of such increase, be increased by the Yield Differential beginning on the Interest Payment Date after receipt of such Officers Certificate. Yield means,
with respect to any indebtedness, the then effective yield on such Indebtedness consistent with generally accepted financial practice, it being understood that (a) any amendments to the Applicable Margin prior to the applicable
Indebtedness incurrence date shall be included, (b) customary arrangement, commitment, structuring, underwriting, ticking, unused line and amendment fees paid or payable to one or more placement agents, underwriters, initial purchasers or
arrangers (or their Affiliates) (regardless of whether such fees are paid to or shared in whole or in part with any debt financing source) in their respective capacities as such in connection with the applicable Indebtedness (and the Notes) and any
other fees that are not generally payable to all lenders, noteholders or other debt financing sources (or their Affiliates) ratably with respect to any such Indebtedness (and the Notes) and that are paid or payable in connection with such
Indebtedness (or the Notes) shall be excluded, (c) original issue discount and upfront fees paid or payable to the debt financing sources thereunder (and with respect to the Notes) shall be included (with original issue discount and upfront
fees being equated to interest based on assumed four-year life to maturity (or, if less, the remaining life to maturity) without any present value discount) and (d) to the extent that Term SOFR for a three-month interest period on the closing
date of any such Indebtedness is less than the interest rate floor, if any, applicable to any such Indebtedness, the amount of such difference shall be deemed added to the interest rate margins for such Indebtedness. 

66 

(f) Interest Payment Dates. Accrued interest on each Note shall be payable in arrears
on each Interest Payment Date for such Note; provided, that, (i) additional interest accrued pursuant to Section 2.13(d) shall be payable in accordance with Section 2.13(d) and
(ii) in the event of any repayment, redemption or prepayment of any Note, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment. 

(g) PIK Option. 

(i)
With respect to payments of interest due on any Interest Payment Dates occurring prior to the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall have the option to make any such interest payments in whole or in part (i) in kind (such election, a PIK
Election and such interest, PIK Interest) at a per annum rate equal to 1.00% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Note as provided in Section 2.13(a) and
Section 2.13(b) or (ii) in cash (such election, a Cash Election) at the rate applicable to such Note as provided in Section 2.13(a) and
Section 2.13(b). With respect to any Interest Payment Date with respect to which the Issuer makes a PIK Election, such PIK Election shall be made by the Issuer delivering a written notice in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit E (the PIK Interest Election Notice) to the Trustee (not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time), at least ten (10) days prior to (x) with respect to SOFR Notes, the beginning of the applicable Interest
Period during which such election shall apply, or (y) with respect to ABR Notes, the applicable Interest Payment Date upon and following which such election shall apply. If the Issuer fails to provide a PIK Interest Election Notice, the Issuer shall
be deemed to have made a Cash Election. For the Interest Period beginning on the Closing Date, the Issuer makes a Cash Election and no PIK Interest Election Notice shall be required in connection with such election. 

(ii) PIK Interest on the Notes, for applicable interest periods, will be payable on the Interest Payment Date to which such PIK Election
relates (x) with respect to Notes represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name of, or held by, the Depositary or its nominee on the relevant record date, by increasing the principal amount of the outstanding Global Notes by an
amount equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable interest period (rounded up to the nearest whole Dollar) and (y) with respect to Notes represented by certificated notes, by issuing PIK Notes in certificated form in an aggregate
principal amount equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable period (rounded up to the nearest whole Dollar), and the Trustee will, at the request of the Issuer, authenticate and deliver such PIK Notes in certificated form for original
issuance to the Holders on the relevant record date, as shown by the Note Register. Following a PIK Election, the Notes will bear interest at the rate set forth in Section 2.13(g)(i) above from and after (x) in the case of SOFR Notes, the
first day of the Interest Period to which such PIK Election relates and (y) in the case of ABR Notes, the Interest Payment Date constituting the beginning of the period for which such PIK Election relates. Any PIK Notes issued in certificated form
will be dated as of the Interest Payment Date to which such PIK Election relates and will bear interest from and after such date. All PIK Notes issued pursuant to a PIK Election will mature on the Maturity Date and will be governed by, and subject
to the terms, provisions and conditions of, the Indenture and shall have the same rights and benefits as the Notes issued on the Closing Date. Any certificated PIK Notes will be issued with the description PIK on the face of such Notes,
and references to the principal amount of the Notes shall include any increase in the principal amount of the Notes as a result of any PIK Interest. The calculation of PIK Interest will be made by the Calculation Agent, and such
calculation and the correctness thereof shall not be a duty or obligation of the Trustee. PIK Interest on the Notes will be paid in denominations of $1.00 and integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof. 

(h) Interest Calculation. All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty (360) days,
except that interest computed by reference to the Base Rate in clause (a) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty-five (365) days (or three
hundred sixty-six (366) days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base
Rate or Term SOFR shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and such determination shall be deemed presumptively correct absent manifest error. 

67 

(i) Term SOFR Conforming Changes. In connection with the use or administration of
Term SOFR, the Issuer or its designee (with the approval of the Controlling Party) will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Note Document, any amendments
implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Indenture or any other Note Document. The Issuer or its designee will promptly notify the Calculation Agent, the Trustee and
the Holders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 

Section 2.14
CUSIP and ISIN Numbers. The Issuer in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP or ISIN numbers (if then generally in use) and, if so, such CUSIP or ISIN numbers may be used in notices of redemption (including Change of Control Offers and Net Cash
Proceeds Offers) as a convenience to Holders; provided that the Trustee shall not be responsible for the accuracy of any CUSIP or ISIN number printed on any note, notice or elsewhere, any such notice may state that no representation is made
as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption (including Change of Control Offers and Net Cash Proceeds Offers) and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification
numbers printed on the Notes, and any such redemption (including Change of Control Offers and Net Cash Proceeds Offers) shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing
of any change in the CUSIP or ISIN numbers. 

Section 2.15 Persons Deemed Owners. 

(a) Prior to due presentment of a Note for registration of transfer, the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee may
treat the Person in whose name such Note is registered as the owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of (and premium, if any) and (subject to Section 2.13) interest, if any, on such Note and,
subject to Section 1.12(i) for any other purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Note be overdue, and none of the Issuer, the Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

(b) None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for
any aspect of (i) the records relating to or payments made on account of any participants in the Depositary or any beneficial ownership interests of a Global Note, (ii) maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records maintained by any
Depositary or participant therein or any other Person relating to such beneficial ownership interests, or (iii) any consent given or other action taken by the Depositary or other Holder of a Note, as the registered holder thereof. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Global Note, nothing herein shall prevent the Issuer, the Trustee, or any agent of the
Issuer or the Trustee, from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by any Depositary, as a Holder, with respect to such Global Note or impair, as between such Depositary and owners of beneficial interests
in such Global Note, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of such Depositary (or its nominee) as Holder of such Global Note. 

68 

Section 2.16 Alternate Rate of Interest. If prior to the commencement of any
Interest Period for a SOFR Note: 

(a) the Calculation Agent determines in good faith and in its reasonable discretion (which determination
shall be deemed presumptively correct absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Term SOFR for such Interest Period; or 

(b) the Calculation Agent determines in good faith and in its reasonable discretion or is advised in writing by the Controlling Parties that
Term SOFR for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Holders of purchasing or maintaining their Notes for such Interest Period; 

then the Calculation Agent shall give written notice thereof to the Issuer and the Holders as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Calculation
Agent notifies the Issuer and the Holders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist (which notice shall be delivered by the Calculation Agent promptly after such situation ceases to exist), (i) any Notes requested to be
issued and purchased on the first day of such Interest Period shall be issued and purchased as ABR Notes and (ii) any outstanding Notes shall be converted, on the last day of the then-current Interest Period, to ABR Notes; provided,
that, the Issuer may revoke any such issuance request (without penalty) prior to such issuance upon written notice to the Calculation Agent. 

Section 2.17 Benchmark Replacement Setting. 

(a) Benchmark Replacement. 

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Note Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark
Replacement Date have occurred prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Note Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after
5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Holders, the Trustee and the Calculation Agent without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other
party to, this Indenture or any other Note Document so long as the Issuer has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Holders comprising the Controlling Parties. 

(ii) No Hedging Agreement shall be deemed to be a Note Document for purposes of this Section 2.17. 

(b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement, the Issuer or its designee (with approval of the Controlling Party) will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Note Document, any amendments
implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Indenture or any other Note Document; provided, however, that no such changes may adversely affect the Trustee or the
Calculation Agent without their prior written consent. 

69 

(c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Issuer or its designee
will promptly notify the Calculation Agent, the Trustee and the Holders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Issuer or its designee will notify the Calculation Agent, the Trustee and the Holders of (A) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to
Section 2.17(d) and (B) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee (with approval of the Controlling Party) or, if
applicable, any Holder (or group of Holder) pursuant to this Section 2.17, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or
their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Indenture or any other Note Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.17. 

(d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Note Document, at any time
(including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a
screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Issuer or its designee in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public
statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Issuer or its designee may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous
definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i)
above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a
Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Issuer or its designee (with approval of the Controlling Party) may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at
or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(e) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the commencement of a
Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Issuer may revoke any pending request for the issuance of a SOFR Note of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Notes to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing
that, the Issuer will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for the issuance of a Note of or conversion to ABR Notes. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an
Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. 

70 

ARTICLE III 

REDEMPTION AND PREPAYMENT 

Section 3.01 Notices to Trustee. If the Issuer elects to redeem Notes pursuant to the optional redemption provisions of
Section 3.07, it shall furnish to the Trustee, at least three Business Days (or such shorter period as is acceptable to the Trustee) before sending a notice of such redemption to the Holders, a notice setting forth the
(a) section of this Indenture pursuant to which the redemption shall occur, (b) redemption date and (c) principal amount of Notes to be redeemed. Any such notice to the Trustee may be cancelled at any time prior to notice of such
redemption being sent to any Holder and shall thereby be void and of no effect. 

Section 3.02 Selection of Notes to Be
Redeemed. 

(a) In the event that less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Trustee shall select the Notes to be
redeemed among the Holders on a pro rata basis (except that any Notes represented by a Global Note will be redeemed by such method as the Depositary may require) unless otherwise required by law or any applicable depositary or stock exchange
requirements; provided, however, that no Notes of $1.00 in original principal amount or less shall be selected for redemption in part. 

(b) On and after the redemption date, unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on
Notes or portions of them called for redemption so long as the Issuer has deposited with the Paying Agent funds in satisfaction of the applicable redemption price pursuant to this Indenture (including accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to be
redeemed). The Trustee shall promptly notify the Issuer in writing of the Notes selected for redemption. The Trustee may select for redemption portions (equal to $1.00 or any integral multiples of $1.00 thereof) of the principal of the Notes that
have minimum denominations larger than $1.00. 

Section 3.03 Notice of Optional Redemption. 

(a) The Issuer shall deliver or cause to be delivered in accordance with Section 13.02, a notice of optional
redemption to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed (with a copy to the Trustee), at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date (except that notices may be delivered more than 60 days before a redemption date if the notice
is issued in connection with a transaction effected pursuant to Article X). Any notice of redemption made in connection with a related transaction or event (including, without limitation, a Change of Control, Asset Sale, Debt Issuance or
other transaction) may, at the Issuers discretion, be given prior to the completion or the occurrence thereof, and any such redemption or notice may, at the Issuers discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including,
but not limited to, the completion or occurrence of the related transaction or event, as the case may be. In addition, if such redemption is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice will describe each such condition,
and, if applicable, will state that, in the Issuers discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time (including more than 60 days after the date the 

71 

notice of redemption was mailed or delivered, including by electronic transmission) as any or all such conditions are satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or that such
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions are not satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the redemption date, or by the redemption date as so delayed, or that such
notice may be rescinded at any time in the Issuers discretion if as determined in good faith by the Issuer, any or all of such conditions will not be satisfied. The Issuer will provide the Trustee with written notice of the satisfaction or
waiver of such conditions precedent, the delay of such redemption or the rescission of such notice of redemption in the same manner that the related notice of redemption was given to the Trustee, and, at the request of the Issuer, the Trustee will
send a copy of such notice to the Trustee to the Holders in the same manner that the related notice of redemption was given to such Holders. In addition, the Issuer may provide in such notice that payment of the redemption price and performance of
the Issuers obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person. 

(b) The notice shall identify the Notes
to be redeemed (including CUSIP numbers and corresponding ISINs, if applicable) and shall state: 

(i) the redemption date; 

(ii)
the redemption price (or the method by which it is to be determined); 

(iii) if any Note is being redeemed in part, the portion of the
principal amount of such Note to be redeemed and that, after the redemption date, upon surrender of such Note, a new Note or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion shall be issued upon cancellation of the original Note (or
appropriate adjustments to the amount and beneficial interests in a Global Note will be made, as appropriate); 

(iv) the name and address
of the Paying Agent; 

(v) that Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price; 

(vi) that, unless the Issuer defaults in making such redemption payment, interest, if any, on Notes called for redemption ceases to accrue on
and after the redemption date; 

(vii) the paragraph of the Notes and/or Section of this Indenture pursuant to which the Notes called for
redemption are being redeemed; 

(viii) that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP number, if any,
listed in such notice or printed on the Notes; and 

(ix) any conditions precedent to such redemption. 

At the Issuers written request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the Issuers name and at the Issuers
expense; provided, however, that the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee, at least three Business Days prior to the date of the giving of the notice of redemption (or such shorter period as is acceptable to the Trustee), an
Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in the 

72 

notice as provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such request to the Trustee may be revoked or cancelled at any time prior to notice of such redemption being sent to any Holder and shall
thereby be void and of no effect. The notice sent in the manner herein provided shall be deemed to have been duly given whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice to the
Holder of any Note shall not affect the validity of the proceeding for the redemption of any other Note. The notice of redemption issued pursuant to Section 3.07(a) need not set forth the Make-Whole Amount but only the
manner of calculation thereof. 

Section 3.04 Effect of Notice of Redemption. Once notice of redemption is delivered in
accordance with Section 3.03, Notes called for redemption become due and payable on the redemption date at the applicable redemption price, subject to satisfaction of any conditions specified in the notice of redemption.

Section 3.05 Deposit of Redemption Price. 

(a) On or before 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the redemption date, the Issuer shall deposit with the Trustee or with the Paying Agent
(or, if the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer is the Paying Agent, shall segregate and hold in trust) money sufficient to pay the redemption price on all Notes to be redeemed on that date. The Trustee or the Paying Agent shall promptly return to
the Issuer any money deposited with the Trustee or the Paying Agent by the Issuer in excess of the amounts necessary to pay the redemption price of all Notes to be redeemed. 

(b) If Notes called for redemption or tendered in connection with a Net Cash Proceeds Offer or Change of Control Offer are paid or if the
Issuer has deposited with the Trustee or Paying Agent money sufficient to pay the redemption or purchase price of, and unpaid and accrued interest, if any, on, all Notes to be redeemed or purchased, on and after the redemption or purchase date,
interest, if any, shall cease to accrue on the Notes or the portions of Notes called for redemption or tendered and not withdrawn in a Net Cash Proceeds Offer or Change of Control Offer (regardless of whether certificates for such securities are
actually surrendered). If a Note is redeemed or purchased on or after an interest record date but on or prior to the related Interest Payment Date, then any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Note was
registered at the close of business on such record date. If any Note called for redemption shall not be so paid upon surrender for redemption because of the failure of the Issuer to comply with the preceding paragraph, interest, if any, shall be
paid on the unpaid principal from the redemption or purchase date until such principal is paid, and to the extent lawful on any interest, if any, not paid on such unpaid principal, in each case, at the rate provided in the Notes and in
Section 5.01. 

Section 3.06 Notes Redeemed in Part. Upon surrender and cancellation of a Note that
is redeemed in part, the Issuer shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order from the Issuer, the Trustee shall authenticate for the Holder at the expense of the Issuer a new Note equal in principal amount to the unredeemed portion of
the Note surrendered and canceled; provided that each such new Note will be in a minimum denomination of $1.00 or integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof. 

73 

Section 3.07 Optional Redemption. The Issuer shall have the right at any time
and from time to time to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, upon notice as provided in Section 3.03, as follows: 

(a) on or prior to March [__], 20274 (the Make-Whole Expiry Date), at a
redemption price equal to (i) the Make-Whole Amount as of the date of such redemption plus (ii) any accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding the date of such redemption plus (iii) 102.0% of the principal amount of the
Notes to be redeemed, which would have been owed on such redeemed amounts if such redemption occurred on the day after the Make-Whole Expiry Date; and 

(b) at any time after the Make-Whole Expiry Date, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount of the Notes to
be redeemed) set forth below, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning March [__] of the years indicated below (the amount payable pursuant to this clause (b), as applicable, the Call
Premium) plus any accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding the date of such redemption: 

Year Redemption Price 

2027 102.0 % 

2028 101.0 % 

2029 100.0 % 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, each redemption or distribution in respect of the principal
amount of the Notes after acceleration thereof under Section 8.01 hereof (including automatically pursuant to Section 8.01 hereof), shall be accompanied by, and there shall become due and payable automatically upon acceleration, a payment
premium payable in cash on the principal amount so redeemed or distributed or on the principal amount that has become or is declared accelerated, in an amount equal to the redemption price that would have applied for an optional redemption of such
Notes at such time pursuant to this Section 3.07, calculated on the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed, distributed or accelerated, together with all accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes. 

Section 3.08 Net Cash Proceeds Offers. 

(a) Asset Sales. Subject to the terms of the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement, no later than ten (10) Business Days following the
receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale by any Group Member, the Issuer shall make an offer to repurchase Notes in accordance with Section 3.08(e) and Section 3.11 in an aggregate amount
equal to one hundred percent (100%) of such Net Cash Proceeds; provided, that: 

(i) no such offer to repurchase shall be required
under this clause (i) (A) with respect to any disposition of property which constitutes a Casualty Event or (B) to the extent the Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sales do not result in more than $5,000,000 in any
twelve (12) month period (the Asset Sale Threshold and the Net Cash Proceeds in excess of the Asset Sale Threshold, the Excess Net Cash Proceeds); 

4 

To be the date that is two years after the Closing Date

74 

(ii) such proceeds with respect to any such Asset Sale shall not be required to be so
applied on such date to the extent that the Issuer shall have notified the Trustee on or prior to such date stating that such Excess Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in assets used or useful in the business of any Group Member
(including pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition, Investment or Capital Expenditure) or to be contractually committed to be so reinvested, within twelve (12) months (or within eighteen (18) months following receipt thereof if a contractual
commitment to reinvest is entered into within twelve (12) months following receipt thereof) following the date of such Asset Sale; and 

(iii) if all or any portion of such Excess Net Cash Proceeds that are the subject of clause (ii) immediately above
is neither reinvested nor contractually committed to be so reinvested within such twelve (12) month period (and actually reinvested within eighteen (18) months of the receipt of the Net Cash Proceeds related thereto), the Issuer shall make
an offer to repurchase Notes with such unused portion within five (5) Business Days after the last day of such period as provided in this Section 3.08(a). 

(b) Debt Issuance. Not later than one (1) Business Day following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Debt Issuance by any
Group Member, the Issuer shall make an offer to repurchase Notes in accordance with Section 3.08(e) and Section 3.11 in an aggregate principal amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of such Net
Cash Proceeds. 

(c) Casualty Events. Subject to the terms of the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement, not later than five
(5) Business Days following the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from a Casualty Event by any Group Member, the Issuer shall make an offer to repurchase Notes, in accordance with Section 3.08(e) and
Section 3.11 in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of such Net Cash Proceeds; provided, that: 

(i) such Net Cash Proceeds shall not be required to be so applied on such date to the extent that (A) the Net Cash Proceeds of a Casualty
Event do not exceed $5,000,000 in any twelve (12) month period (the Casualty Event Threshold), or (B) in the event that such Net Cash Proceeds exceed the Casualty Event Threshold, the Issuer shall have notified the
Trustee on or prior to such date stating that such proceeds in excess of the Casualty Event Threshold are expected to be used to repair, replace or restore any Property in respect of which such Net Cash Proceeds were paid or to reinvest in other
fixed or Capital Assets or assets that are otherwise used or useful in the business of the Group Members (including pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition, Investment or Capital Expenditure) or to be contractually committed to be so reinvested, in each
case, no later than twelve (12) months (or within eighteen (18) months following receipt thereof if such contractual commitment to reinvest has been entered into within twelve (12) months following receipt thereof) following the date
of receipt of such proceeds; and 

(ii) if all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds is contractually committed within such twelve
(12)-month period to be so reinvested within such eighteen (18) month period but is not actually reinvested within eighteen (18) months of the receipt of the Net Cash Proceeds related thereto, the Issuer shall make an offer to repurchase
Notes with such unused portion within five (5) Business Days after the last day of such period as provided in this Section 3.08(c). 

75 

(d) Excess Cash Flow. No later than five (5) Business Days after the date on
which the financial statements with respect to each fiscal year of the Issuer, commencing with the first full fiscal year ending after the Closing Date, in which an Excess Cash Flow Period occurs are required to be delivered pursuant to
Section 5.03(a) (each such date, an ECF Payment Date), the Issuer shall, to the extent Excess Cash Flow for such Excess Cash Flow Period exceeds $1,000,000, make an offer to repurchase Notes, in
accordance with Section 3.08(e) and Section 3.11 in an aggregate amount equal to (i) the Applicable ECF Percentage of the amount equal to the Excess Cash Flow for the Excess Cash Flow Period
then ended (for the avoidance of doubt, including the $1,000,000 floor above) minus (ii) at the option of the Issuer, the aggregate principal amount of any Notes, Additional Notes, or Permitted Additional Debt, in each case secured on a
pari passu basis with the Obligations (or, in each case, any Notes Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, to the extent secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations), in each case redeemed pursuant to
Section 3.07 or pursuant to the corresponding provisions of the documentation governing any such Permitted Additional Debt or Notes Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof during the applicable Excess Cash Flow Period
(or, at the option of the Issuer, and without duplication, after such Excess Cash Flow Period and prior to such subsequent ECF Payment Date) (and the Total Net Leverage Ratio shall be recalculated for purposes of determining the Applicable ECF
Percentage to give pro forma effect to all such voluntary redemptions), and in the case of all such redemptions, to the extent that such redemptions were financed with sources other than the proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving
Indebtedness to the extent intended to be repaid from operating cash flow) of Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries (such payment, the ECF Payment Amount). 

(e) Net Cash Proceeds Offer. Upon the occurrence of an event requiring that the Issuer make an offer to repurchase Notes pursuant to
Section 3.08(a), 3.08(b), 3.08(c) or 3.08(d) (a Net Cash Proceeds Offer), the Issuer shall make an offer to purchase all or any portion (equal to $1.00 or an integral multiple of
$1.00 in excess thereof) of the Notes at a price equal to the redemption price that would have applied for an optional redemption of such Notes at such time pursuant to Section 3.07 (the Net Cash ProceedsPurchase Price). 

(i) Not later than thirty (30) days following any Net Cash Proceeds Offer, the Issuer will deliver,
or cause to be delivered to the Holders, with a copy to the Trustee, a notice: 

(A) describing the transaction or
transactions that constitute the Net Cash Proceeds Offer; 

(B) offering to purchase, pursuant to procedures required by
this Indenture and described in the Net Cash Proceeds Offer, on a date specified in the notice, which shall be a Business Day not earlier than 30 days, nor later than 60 days, from the date the notice is delivered (the Net Cash Proceeds
Payment Date), and for the Net Cash Proceeds Purchase Price, all Notes properly tendered by such Holder pursuant to such Net Cash Proceeds Offer prior to 5:00 p.m. New York time on the second Business Day preceding the Net Cash Proceeds
Payment Date. 

76 

(C) describing the procedures, as determined by the Issuer, consistent with
this Indenture, that Holders must follow to accept the Net Cash Proceeds Offer. 

(ii) [Reserved.] 

(iii) On or before the Net Cash Proceeds Payment Date, the Issuer will, to the extent lawful: 

(A) deposit with the applicable tender agent an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds Purchase Price in respect of all Notes
or portions of Notes properly tendered; 

(B) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes (of $1.00 or integral
multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof) properly tendered pursuant to the Net Cash Proceeds Offer; and 

(C) deliver or cause
to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes so accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of being purchased by the Issuer. 

(iv) The applicable tender agent will promptly deliver to each Holder who has so tendered Notes the Net Cash Proceeds Purchase Price for such
Notes, and, in the case of non-global forms of Notes, the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Notes so tendered, if
any; provided that each such new Note will be in a principal amount of $1.00 or integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof. 

(v) If the Net Cash Proceeds Payment Date is on or after an interest record date and on or before the related Interest Payment Date, then
with respect to Holders who have tendered their Notes for purchase pursuant to the Net Cash Proceeds Offer, any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Net Cash Proceeds Payment Date will be paid on the Net Cash Proceeds Payment
Date to the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the close of business on such record date. 

(vi) [Reserved.] 

(vii) [Reserved.] 

(viii) The
Issuer shall comply with all applicable securities legislation in the United States, including, without limitation, the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other applicable laws and
regulations in connection with the purchase of Notes pursuant to a Net Cash Proceeds Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any applicable securities laws or regulations conflict with this Section 3.08, the Issuer
shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 3.08 by virtue of such compliance. 

77 

Section 3.09 Change of Control. 

(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, the Issuer shall make an offer to purchase all or any portion (equal to $1.00
or an integral multiple of $1.00 in excess thereof and) of the Notes at a price equal to the redemption price that would have applied for an optional redemption of such Notes at such time pursuant to Section 3.07
(together with any accrued and unpaid interest) (the Change of Control Purchase Price). 

(b) Not later than thirty
(30) days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Issuer will deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Holders, with a copy to the Trustee, a notice: 

(i) describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event; 

(ii) offering to purchase, pursuant to procedures required by this Indenture and described in the notice (the Change of Control
Offer), on a date specified in the notice, which shall be a Business Day not earlier than 30 days, nor later than 60 days, from the date the notice is delivered (the Change of Control Payment Date), and for the Change of
Control Purchase Price, all Notes properly tendered by such Holder pursuant to such Change of Control Offer prior to 5:00 p.m. New York time on the second Business Day preceding the Change of Control Payment Date; and 

(iii) describing the procedures, as determined by the Issuer, consistent with this Indenture, that Holders must follow to accept the Change
of Control Offer. 

(c) [Reserved.] 

(d) On or before the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will, to the extent lawful: 

(i) deposit with the applicable tender agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Purchase Price in respect of all Notes or portions of
Notes properly tendered; 

(ii) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes (of $1.00 or integral multiples of $1.00 in excess
thereof) properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; and 

(iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes
so accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of being purchased by the Issuer. 

(e) The
applicable tender agent will promptly deliver to each Holder who has so tendered Notes the Change of Control Purchase Price for such Notes, and, in the case of non-global forms of Notes, the Trustee will
promptly authenticate and mail to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Notes so tendered, if any; provided that each such new Note will be in a principal amount of $1.00 or integral
multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof. 

78 

(f) If the Change of Control Payment Date is on or after an interest record date and on or
before the related Interest Payment Date, then with respect to Holders who have tendered their Notes for purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer, any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Change of Control Payment Date
will be paid on the Change of Control Payment Date to the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the close of business on such record date. 

(g) A Change of Control Offer shall remain open for at least 20 Business Days or for such longer period as is required by law. The Issuer
shall publicly announce the results of the Change of Control Offer on or as soon as practicable after the Change of Control Payment Date. 

(h) [Reserved.] 

(i) The Issuer
shall comply with all applicable securities legislation in the United States, including, without limitation, the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other applicable laws and regulations
in connection with the purchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any applicable securities laws or regulations conflict with this Section 3.09, the Issuer shall comply
with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 3.09 by virtue of such compliance. 

Section 3.10 [Reserved.]

Section 3.11 Applicable Other Indebtedness. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to any mandatory offer
to repurchase under Section 3.08(a), 3.08(c) or 3.08(d), the Issuer may use a portion of the Net Cash Proceeds to prepay or repurchase Permitted Additional Debt, Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt and any
other senior Indebtedness in each case secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Liens securing the Obligations (the Applicable Other Indebtedness) to the extent required pursuant to the terms of the documentation
governing such Applicable Other Indebtedness, in which case, the purchase price required to be offered with respect to such Net Cash Proceeds pursuant to Section 3.08(a), 3.08(c) or 3.08(d) shall be deemed to
be the amount equal to the product of (A) the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds multiplied by (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the outstanding principal amount of Notes required to be repurchased pursuant to
Section 3.08(a), 3.08(c) or 3.08(d) and the denominator of which is the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Applicable Other Indebtedness and the outstanding principal amount of Notes required to
be repurchased pursuant to Section 3.08(a), 3.08(c) or 3.08(d).

Section 3.12 Mandatory
Quarterly Redemption. The Issuer shall redeem Notes on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the last Business Day of the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025 (each such date, an
Quarterly Redemption Date), in an amount equal to two percent (2.00%) per annum of all Notes outstanding as of the prior Interest Payment Date (or if no Interest Payment Date has occurred, as of the Closing Date). At least
ten (10) days prior to any Quarterly Redemption Date, the Issuer shall deliver or cause to be delivered a notice of mandatory redemption to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed (with a copy to the Trustee). Such notice shall identify the
Notes to be redeemed and shall state: 

(a) the redemption date; 

79 

(b) the redemption price; 

(c) the portion of the principal amount of such Notes to be redeemed and that, after the redemption date, upon surrender of such Note, a new
Note or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion shall be issued upon cancellation of the original Note (or appropriate adjustments to the amount and beneficial interests in a Global Note will be made, as appropriate); 

(d) the name and address of the Paying Agent; 

(e) that Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price; 

(f) that, unless the Issuer defaults in making such redemption payment, interest, if any, on Notes called for redemption ceases to accrue on
and after the redemption date; 

(g) the paragraph of the Notes and/or Section of this Indenture pursuant to which the Notes called for
redemption are being redeemed; and 

(h) that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP number, if any,
listed in such notice or printed on the Notes. 

At the Issuers written request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the Issuers
name and at the Issuers expense; provided, however, that the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee, at least three Business Days prior to the date of the giving of the notice of redemption (or such shorter period as is
acceptable to the Trustee), an Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in the notice as provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such request to the Trustee may be
revoked or cancelled at any time prior to notice of such redemption being sent to any Holder and shall thereby be void and of no effect. The notice sent in the manner herein provided shall be deemed to have been duly given whether or not the Holder
receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such notice or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any Note shall not affect the validity of the proceeding for the redemption of any other Note. 

ARTICLE IV 

[RESERVED] 

80 

ARTICLE V 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Each Note Party warrants, covenants and agrees that it will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to: 

Section 5.01 Payment of Notes. Pay or cause to be paid (a) the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes on the
dates and in the manner provided in the Notes. Principal, premium, if any, and interest shall be considered paid for all purposes hereunder on the date the Trustee or the Paying Agent (if other than the Issuer or a Subsidiary thereof) holds, as of
12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the relevant payment date, U.S. dollars deposited by the Issuer in immediately available funds and designated for and sufficient to pay all such principal, premium, if any, and interest then due and (b) in the
case of a PIK Election, the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee the documentation necessary to increase the principal balance of the Global Notes to pay PIK Interest or to issue the PIK Notes. The Issuer shall pay interest (including post-petition
interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal at the rate equal to the then applicable interest rate on the Notes to the extent lawful; it shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any
Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace period), at the same rate to the extent lawful. 

Section 5.02 Maintenance of Office or Agency. 

(a) Maintain an office or agency where, subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer or the Trustee may prescribe, Notes may be
surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Issuer and Guarantors in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. 

(b) Give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the
Issuer shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands (other than service of legal process) may be made or served at the
Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee; provided, however, the Trustee shall not be deemed an agent of the Issuer for service of process. 

(c) From time to time, designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such
purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations. The Issuer shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency. 

(d) Designate the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee as one such office or agency of the Issuer in accordance with
Section 2.03. 

81 

Section 5.03 Financial Statements, Reports, etc..
Furnish to the Trustee and each Holder:

(a) Annual Reports. Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the last day of
each fiscal year of the Issuer (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024), a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the fiscal year then ended and the
consolidated statements of income and cash flows of Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, and accompanying notes thereto, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal
year, audited and accompanied in the case of the consolidated financial statements by an opinion of (i) an independent public accounting firm of recognized national standing selected by Issuer (which shall be deemed to include, for the
avoidance of doubt, Deloitte & Touche LLP) or (ii) any other accounting firm approved by the Controlling Parties (which opinion shall be unqualified as to scope, subject to the proviso below) to the effect that the consolidated
financial statements have been prepared and present fairly, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP the consolidated financial condition of Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year; provided, that,
such financial statements shall not contain a going concern qualification or statement, except to the extent that such a going concern qualification or statement is solely a consequence of any impending stated final maturity
date. 

(b) Quarterly Reports. Commencing with the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, within forty-five
(45) days after the last day of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year of Issuer (other than the last fiscal quarter of any fiscal year of Issuer), a copy of the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer and its Restricted
Subsidiaries as of the last day of such fiscal quarter and the unaudited consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter and for the fiscal year-to-date period then ended, each in reasonable detail and showing in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year of the Issuer, prepared by Issuer in
accordance with GAAP (subject to the absence of footnote disclosures and year-end audit adjustments) and certified on behalf of Issuer by a Financial Officer as prepared in accordance with GAAP (subject to the
absence of footnote disclosures and year-end audit adjustments) and fairly reflecting the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in all material respects.

(c) Financial Officers Certificate. Concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under
Section 5.03(a) or 5.03(b), a Compliance Certificate (i) certifying on behalf of Issuer that, to its knowledge, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or, if any such known Default or
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, specifying the nature and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto; provided, that, if such Compliance Certificate demonstrates that an Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing due to a failure to comply with Section 6.08(a) that has not been cured prior to such time, the Issuer may deliver, to the extent and within the time period permitted by
Section 8.10, prior to, after or together with such Compliance Certificate, a Notice of Intent to Cure such Event of Default, (ii) setting forth the computation of the Total Net Leverage Ratio, Secured Net Leverage
Ratio and a disclosure of Capital Expenditures during the applicable Test Period and, (iii) setting forth, in the case of each Compliance Certificate delivered concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under
Section 5.03(a) above, the Issuers calculation of Excess Cash Flow starting with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, no Compliance Certificate shall
bring down any representations and warranties made herein or in any other Note Document. 

82 

(d) Other Information. Promptly, from time to time, and upon the reasonable written
request of the Trustee (acting at the direction of the Controlling Parties), other reasonably requested information of the Group Members regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition (including information required under the
PATRIOT Act); provided, that, nothing in this Section 5.03(d) shall require any Group Member to take any action that would violate any third party customary confidentiality agreement (other than any such
confidentiality agreement entered into in contemplation of this Indenture) with any Person that is not an Affiliate (and, in all events, so long as such confidentiality agreement does not relate to information regarding the financial affairs of any
Group Member or the compliance with the terms of any Note Document) or waive any attorney-client or similar privilege. 

(e) Reconciliation Statements. Concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under Section 5.03(a)
or 5.03(b), (i) the related consolidating financial statements reflecting the adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such consolidated financial statements and (ii) a reasonably
detailed description (to which the Controlling Parties have not objected) of the quantitative differences (if any) between the information relating to Issuer and its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the information relating to Issuer and its
Restricted Subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis, on the other hand, including (in the case of financial statements and projections) a consolidating footnote reflecting the results of Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis. 

(f) Securities Act. For so long as any Notes remain outstanding and are not freely transferable, the Issuer shall furnish to the
Holders and to securities analysts and prospective investors, upon their request, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act 

In addition, following the delivery of the financial statements pursuant to Section 5.03(a), Issuer shall hold an
update call with an Officer of Issuer and Issuer and the Holders to discuss the financial position, financial performance and cash flows of Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the period covered by the applicable financial statements;
provided, that, the requirement to provide a such update call shall be deemed satisfied if the Issuer conducts a customary public earnings call for such fiscal quarter. 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.03(a) through Section 5.03(f)
shall be deemed to have been delivered (a) if it maintains a customary website (such as Intralinks) on which the reports required by Section 5.03(a) through (f) are posted or (b) on the date the Issuer files
such reports electronically with the SEC through EDGAR (or any successor system). Each Holder shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents. If the delivery of any of the foregoing documents required under this
Section 5.03 shall fall on a day that is not a Business Day, such deliverable shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day. 

83 

The Trustee shall have no duty to analyze reports delivered to it. Delivery of such reports,
information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only, and the Trustees receipt thereof shall not constitute actual or constructive knowledge or notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information
contained therein, including the Issuers, any Guarantors or any other persons compliance with any of the covenants in this Indenture or the Notes (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers
Certificates of the Issuer). The Trustee will not be obligated to monitor or confirm, on a continuing basis or otherwise, the Issuers, any Guarantors or any other persons compliance with any of the covenants described herein or to
determine whether such reports, information or documents have been posted on any website or other online data system or filed with the SEC through EDGAR (or other applicable system) or to participate in any conference calls. 

Section 5.04 Litigation and Other Notices. Furnish to the Trustee written notice of the following promptly (and, in any event,
within five (5) Business Days or such later date as may be agreed by the Controlling Parties) of an Officer of the Issuer obtaining actual knowledge thereof: 

(a) any Default or Event of Default, specifying the nature and extent thereof and the corrective action (if any) taken or proposed to be taken
with respect thereto; 

(b) any litigation or governmental proceeding pending against the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries that could
reasonably be expected to be determined adversely and, if so determined, to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(c) the occurrence of
any ERISA Event that could, when taken either alone or together with all such other ERISA Events, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(d) any other development that has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.05 Existence; Properties. 

(a) Do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence, except as
otherwise permitted under Sections 6.04 or 6.05 or, in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary, where the failure to perform such obligations would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to obtain, preserve, renew, extend and keep in full force and effect the
rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, authorizations and Intellectual Property which are necessary and material to the conduct of its business (except where the failure to do so could not be reasonably expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect); and comply with all applicable Requirements of Law and decrees and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or to its business or property, except to the extent failure to comply therewith, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Except to the extent that the failure to do so
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, maintain, preserve and protect all of its properties and equipment material to the operation of its business in good working order, repair and
condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and casualty or condemnation excepted. 

84 

Section 5.06 Insurance. 

(a) Keep its insurable property adequately insured at all times by financially sound and reputable insurers; maintain such other insurance, in
each case, to such extent and against such risks as is customary with companies in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations, including flood insurance with respect to each Flood Hazard Property in compliance with the
Flood Insurance Laws. Any such insurance (excluding business interruption insurance) maintained in the United States shall name the Collateral Agent as mortgagee, additional insured or loss payee, as applicable, in a commercially reasonably manner.

(b) The Note Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all such insurance (except flood insurance, which shall comply
with the Flood Insurance Laws as set forth in Section 5.06(a)) with respect to the Note Parties and property constituting Collateral to provide that no cancellation, material reduction in amount or material change in
coverage thereof shall be effective until at least thirty (30) days after receipt by the Collateral Agent of written notice thereof (or if such cancellation is by reason of nonpayment of premium, at least ten (10) days prior written
notice) (unless it is such insurers policy not to provide such a statement). 

Section 5.07 Taxes. Pay and discharge
promptly when due all Taxes imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or in respect of its property before the same shall become delinquent or in default; provided, that, such payment and discharge shall not be required with respect to any such
Tax so long as (a) the validity or amount thereof shall be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and the applicable Group Member shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions with respect
thereto in accordance with GAAP (or any other applicable accounting standard) or (b) the failure to pay would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.08 Employee Benefits. 

(a) With respect to any Employee Benefit Plan, comply in all respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and applicable foreign
law except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(b) furnish to the
Trustee (i) as soon as reasonably practicable after, and in any event within ten (10) days (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Controlling Parties) after any Officer of any Group Member knows that any ERISA Event has occurred
that, alone or together with any other ERISA Event, would reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Group Members which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or the imposition of a Lien on any property of any
Group Member, a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Issuer setting forth details as to such ERISA Event and the action, if any, that the Group Members propose to take with respect thereto, and (ii) upon reasonable request by the Trustee
(acting at the direction of the Controlling Parties), copies of (A) each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by any Group Members with the IRS with respect to each Plan; (B) the most recent
actuarial valuation report for each Plan; (C) all 

85 

notices received by any Group Member from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor or any Governmental Authority concerning an ERISA Event; and (D) such other documents or governmental reports or
filings relating to any Plan that is sponsored, maintained or contributed to by a Group Member, as the Trustee (acting at the direction of the Controlling Parties) shall reasonably request. 

Section 5.09 Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and Inspections. Maintain a system of accounting that enables Issuer to
produce financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Each Group Member will permit any representatives designated by the Trustee (acting at the direction of the Controlling Parties) to visit during its regular business hours and with reasonable
advance written notice thereof and inspect the financial records and the property of such Group Member at reasonable times up to one (1) time per calendar year (but without frequency limit during the continuance of an Event of Default) and to
make extracts from and copies of such financial records, and permit any representatives designated by the Trustee (acting at the direction of the Controlling Parties) to discuss the affairs, finances, accounts and condition of any Group Member with
the officers and employees thereof and advisors therefor (including independent accountants); provided, that, the Trustee shall give any Group Member an opportunity for its representatives to participate in any such discussions;
provided, further, that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, the Issuer shall not bear the cost of more than one such inspection per calendar year by the Trustee and Holders (or their respective
representatives). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.09, no Group Member will be required to disclose or permit the inspection or discussion of, any document, information or other matter
(a) that constitutes confidential Intellectual Property, including trade secrets or other confidential proprietary information, (b) in respect of which disclosure to the Trustee or any Holder (or their respective representatives or
contractors) is prohibited by Requirements of Law or any binding agreement (not entered into in contemplation hereof), or (c) that is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 

Section 5.10 Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds from the Initial Notes on the Closing Date to, directly or indirectly through one
or more related transactions, finance (a) the Closing Date Refinancing, and (b) the payment of related fees, costs and expenses (including any upfront fees and original issue discount) related to the Transactions. Proceeds from any
Additional Notes issued in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, to finance Permitted Acquisitions and other Investments (including refinancing
the existing Indebtedness of acquired businesses), Capital Expenditures, working capital and/or purchase price adjustments, Dividends and prepayments of, and other payments with respect to, Indebtedness (including, without limitation, Restricted
Debt Payments), in each case permitted hereunder, for any other purposes not prohibited by this Indenture, and to pay related fees, costs and expenses in connection with any such transactions. 

Section 5.11 Compliance with Environmental Laws; Environmental Reports. 

(a) Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (a) comply with
all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits applicable to each of its operations and Real Property; (b) obtain and renew all Environmental Permits applicable to each of its operations and owned Real Property and, to the extent any Group
Member is required to obtain such Environmental Permits under the applicable 

86 

lease or by Environmental Laws, leased Real Property; and (c) comply with all applicable orders of a Governmental Authority required of each of the Group Members by, and in accordance with,
Environmental Laws; provided, that, no Group Member shall be required to comply with such orders to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings. 

Section 5.12 Additional Collateral; Additional Guarantors. 

(a) Additional Security. Subject to the terms of the Security Documents and Section 5.17, with respect to any
personal property acquired after the Closing Date by any Note Party that constitutes Collateral under any of the Security Documents or is intended to be subject to the Liens created by any Security Document but is not so subject to a
Lien thereunder, but in any event subject to the terms, conditions and limitations thereunder, within sixty (60) days after the acquisition thereof, or such longer period as the Controlling Parties may approve, (i) execute and deliver to
the Trustee and the Collateral Agent such amendments or supplements to the relevant Security Documents or such other New York law governed documents as are necessary (or as the Trustee or the Collateral Agent shall, acting at the direction of the
Controlling Parties, reasonably request) to grant to the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties, a Lien under applicable U.S. state and federal law on such Collateral subject to no Liens other than
Permitted Liens, and (ii) take all actions reasonably necessary to cause such Lien to be duly perfected to the extent required by such Security Document in accordance with all applicable U.S. state and federal law, including the filing of
financing statements and intellectual property security agreements in such U.S. jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent (in each case, acting at the direction of the Controlling Parties). The Issuer and
the other Note Parties shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent (or its non-fiduciary agent or designee pursuant to any Intercreditor Agreement) such New York law
governed documents as the Trustee or the Collateral Agent (in each case, acting at the direction of the Controlling Parties) shall reasonably require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien of the Security Documents on such after-acquired Collateral. 

(b) Additional Subsidiaries. Subject to the terms of the Security
Documents and Section 5.17, upon the formation or acquisition of, or the redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary to, a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Wholly Owned Domestic Subsidiary (excluding any Excluded Subsidiary)
after the Closing Date (other than a merger Subsidiary formed in connection with a Permitted Acquisition so long as such merger Subsidiary is merged out of existence pursuant to such Permitted Acquisition, or otherwise merged out of existence or
dissolved, within sixty (60) days of its formation (or such later date as permitted by the Controlling Parties in their sole discretion)) or upon any Excluded Subsidiary ceasing to constitute an Excluded Subsidiary, within sixty (60) days
after such formation, acquisition, designation or cessation, or such longer period as the Controlling Parties may approve, the Issuer shall: 

(i) deliver to the Collateral Agent the certificates, if any, representing all of the Equity Interests of such Wholly Owned Restricted
Subsidiary that constitute Collateral and that are certificated securities (as defined in Article 8 of the UCC), together with undated Equity Interest powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed and delivered in
blank by a duly authorized officer of the holder(s) of such Equity Interests, and all intercompany notes 

87 

owing from such Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary to any Note Party required to be delivered pursuant to the Security Agreement or other applicable Security Document and not previously so
delivered, together with instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of such Note Party or Additional Guarantor, as applicable, and all other Collateral that is required to be delivered pursuant to the
Security Agreements or other applicable Security Document and not previously so delivered; and 

(ii) cause any such new Wholly Owned
Restricted Subsidiary (except Excluded Subsidiaries), (A) to execute and deliver a supplemental indenture substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F to become a Subsidiary Guarantor and a joinder agreement to the Security
Agreement, and (B) to take all actions reasonably necessary to cause the Lien created on the Collateral (which shall exclude Excluded Property and be subject to the limitations set forth herein and the applicable Security Documents) by the
applicable Security Documents to be duly perfected under U.S. federal and applicable state law to the extent required by such agreements in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law, including the filing of financing statements and
intellectual property security agreements in such U.S. jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent (in each case, acting at the direction of the Controlling Parties); provided, that, (x) no pledge
of Excluded Equity Interests shall be required, and (y) no perfection actions by control (except with respect to Equity Interests, certain debt instruments, and any account that is required to be subject to a control agreement
pursuant to the ABL Documents), landlord waivers or collateral access agreements (except with respect to any location required to be subject to a landlord waiver or collateral access agreement pursuant to the ABL Documents) shall be required to be
entered into. 

(c) Real Property Collateral. Upon (i) the acquisition or lease by any Group Member of any Material Real
Property, (ii) the formation or acquisition of, or the redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as, a Restricted Subsidiary and a Group Member, which Group Member owns or leases one or more Material Real Properties or (iii) any Excluded
Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary, which Subsidiary is a Group Member that owns or leases one or more Material Real Properties, on or before the date that is sixty (60) days after the date on which the relevant event occurs (or
such longer period as the Controlling Parties may reasonably agree), the Issuer shall cause such Group Member shall take all such actions and execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, all such applicable Mortgages covering, among
other things, such interest in real property (provided, that, to the extent any property to be subject to a Mortgage is located in a jurisdiction which imposes mortgage recording taxes, intangibles tax, documentary tax or similar tax, if such
tax will be owed on the entire amount of the indebtedness evidenced hereby, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the amount secured by the Mortgage shall be limited to the fair market value of the Material Real Property at the time the
Mortgage is entered into if such limitation results in such tax being calculated based upon such fair market value), customary Mortgage Policies and endorsements thereto and to the extent available in the applicable jurisdiction at reasonable cost
as determined by the Issuer based on readily available information, appraisals (solely to the extent required under FIRREA), Phase I environmental assessments (to the extent in possession of the Issuer), new surveys or existing surveys with no
change affidavits, in each case sufficient for the title insurer to remove the standard survey exception and issue full survey coverage and the endorsements referenced above, Life-of Loan Federal
Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determinations under Regulation H of the Federal Reserve Board (together with evidence of flood insurance for any Material Real Property that 

88 

constitutes a Flood Hazard Property located in a flood hazard area to the extent required by the Flood Insurance Laws, and in accordance with Section 5.06(a) hereof),
customary legal opinions, certificates and documentation that the Trustee (acting at the direction of the Controlling Parties) may reasonably request to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a valid and
perfected lien and security interest in such Material Real Property, with each of the foregoing documents in form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 

Section 5.13 Security Interests; Further Assurances. Promptly upon reasonable request by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent (in
each case, acting at the direction of the Controlling Parties) (a) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Security Document or other document or instrument
relating to any Collateral, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and
re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as are necessary (or as the Trustee or the Collateral Agent may, acting at the direction of the Controlling
Parties may reasonably request) from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Indenture and the Security Documents; provided, that, notwithstanding anything else contained herein or in any other Note Document
to the contrary, (i) the foregoing shall not apply to any Excluded Subsidiary or Property of any Excluded Subsidiary or any Excluded Property or any Excluded Equity Interests, (ii) any such documents and deliverables shall be governed by
New York law and (iii) no perfection actions by control (except with respect to Equity Interests, certain debt instruments, and any account that is required to be subject to a control agreement pursuant to the ABL Documents) or
landlord waivers, estoppels or collateral access letters shall be required to be entered into hereunder or under any other Note Document (except with respect to any location required to be subject to a landlord waiver or collateral access agreement
pursuant to the ABL Documents). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein or in any other Note Document to the contrary, in no event shall (A) the assets of any CFC (including the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary thereof)
constitute security or secure, or such assets or the proceeds of such assets be required to be available for, payment of the Obligations, (B) more than sixty-five percent (65%) of the Voting Stock of and one hundred percent (100%) of the Equity
Interests that are not Voting Stock of any CFC Holding Company or CFC, in each case, owned directly by a Note Party be required to be pledged to secure the Obligations or (C) any Equity Interests of any Subsidiary directly or indirectly owned
by any CFC be required to be pledged to secure the Obligations. 

Section 5.14 Maintenance of Ratings. Use commercially
reasonable efforts to at all times commencing on June [__], 20255 maintain a public or private rating (but not any specific rating) in respect of the Notes, and public corporate family ratings,
from at least one of any of S&P, Moodys or Fitch. The fees and expenses of any ratings agency and all other costs incurred in connection with obtaining, affirming or appealing a rating shall be borne exclusively by the Issuer. 

5 

NTD: To be the date that is three months following the Closing Date.

89 

Section 5.15 Compliance with Law. Comply with all Requirements of Law and all
orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to the Issuer or any of its respective Restricted Subsidiaries or to their business or property, except to the extent that the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.16 Anti-Terrorism; Sanctions; Anti-Corruption. 

(a) Comply (and cause each of their Subsidiaries to comply) in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions, anti-corruption laws and
any applicable Requirement of Law relating to terrorism or money-laundering (Anti-Terrorism Laws). 

(b) (i) Not
redeem the Notes, or make any other payment to any Holder, using funds or properties of the Issuer or any of its respective Restricted Subsidiaries that are, to the knowledge of the Issuer, the property of any Person that is the subject or target of
applicable Sanctions or that are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any Person that is the subject or target of applicable Sanctions, in each case, that would cause a violation of Anti-Terrorism Laws or applicable Sanctions or any other
applicable Requirement of Law by any Person and (ii) not permit any Person that is the subject of Sanctions to have, to the knowledge of the Issuer, any direct or indirect interest, in the Issuer or any of its respective Subsidiaries, with the
result that the investment in the Issuer or any of its respective Subsidiaries (whether directly or indirectly) or the Notes purchased by the Holders would be in violation of any applicable Sanctions. 

(c) Each Note Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures that are
reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Note Parties, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with the FCPA, other applicable anti-corruption laws and Sanctions. 

Section 5.17 Post-Closing Deliveries. The Issuer hereby agrees to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Trustee, in form
reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, the items described on Schedule 5.17 hereof, if any, on or before the dates specified with respect to such items, or such later dates as may be agreed to by, or as may be waived by,
the Trustee (acting at the direction of the Controlling Parties). 

ARTICLE VI 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Each
of the Note Parties warrants, covenants and agrees that it will not, nor will permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to: 

Section 6.01 Indebtedness. Incur, create, assume or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) Indebtedness incurred under this Indenture and the other Note Documents (but other than any Additional Notes), Note Refinancing
Indebtedness, any Permitted Additional Debt and, in each case, any Permitted Refinancing thereof (including, without duplication, all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest and payment in kind interest, accretion or
amortization of original issue discount, fees, expenses and charges, in each case, with respect to Indebtedness permitted hereunder)); 

90 

(b) (i) Indebtedness in existence on the Closing Date and, with respect to any such
Indebtedness in excess of $2,500,000 in aggregate principal amount, set forth on Schedule 6.01(b) and (ii) Permitted Refinancings thereof; 

(c) Indebtedness incurred under the ABL Documents as in effect on the date hereof (including any increase to the commitments thereunder after
the Closing Date pursuant to Article III of the ABL Credit Agreement (as in effect on the Closing Date)) in an amount not to exceed $160,000,000, or Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof; 

(d) additional Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount (including any other then-outstanding Pari Passu Notes Lien
Indebtedness (other than the Notes)) so long as (i) for the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the date that is March [__], 20266, (x) on a Pro Forma Basis immediately after
giving effect to each such incurrence of any such Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness and the application of the proceeds therefrom (including pursuant to any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment consummated in connection therewith or the
repayment or prepayment of any Indebtedness with the proceeds thereof), and any disposition, incurrence of Indebtedness, or other appropriate pro forma adjustments in connection therewith, the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Applicable Date of
Determination and for the applicable Test Period is not greater than the Total Net Leverage Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence of such Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness and (y) the principal amount thereof, together with the principal
amount of any Permitted Additional Debt, does not exceed the Specified Additional Debt Cap and (ii) thereafter, (x) on a Pro Forma Basis immediately after giving effect to each such incurrence of any such Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness and
the application of the proceeds therefrom (including pursuant to any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment consummated in connection therewith or the repayment or prepayment of any Indebtedness with the proceeds thereof), and any disposition,
incurrence of Indebtedness, or other appropriate pro forma adjustments in connection therewith, the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Applicable Date of Determination and for the applicable Test Period is not greater than 2.50:1.00 and (y) the
principal amount thereof, together with the principal amount of any Permitted Additional Debt, does not exceed an amount equal to the unutilized portion of the Maximum Additional Debt Amount (it being understood and agreed that any Pari Passu Notes
Lien Indebtedness incurred in reliance on clause (i) above shall not reduce the Maximum Additional Debt Amount); 

(e) Indebtedness in
respect of Purchase Money Obligations or Capital Lease Obligations, Indebtedness incurred in connection with financing Real Property (regardless of when initially acquired) and Indebtedness incurred in connection with Sale Leaseback Transactions,
and any Permitted Refinancings of any of the foregoing, in an aggregate amount for all such Indebtedness under this clause (e) not to exceed, at any time outstanding, $75,000,000; 

(f) Indebtedness in respect of (i) appeal bonds or similar instruments and (ii) payment, bid, performance or surety bonds, or other
similar bonds, completion guarantees, pension guarantees, or similar instruments, workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits and self-insurance obligations, in each case
listed under this clause (ii), in the ordinary course of business, and including guarantees or obligations of any Group Member 

6 

Twelve months after the Closing Date. 

91 

with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptances supporting such appeal, payment, bid, performance or surety or other similar bonds, completion guarantees, pension guarantees, or similar
instruments, workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits and self-insurance obligations (in each case other than for an obligation for money borrowed); 

(g) (i) Contingent Obligations in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred by such Group Member under this
Section 6.01 (provided, that, if any such Indebtedness is subordinated (including as to lien or collateral priority) to the Obligations, such Contingent Obligation shall be subordinated on terms at least as favorable
to the Holders) and (ii) Indebtedness constituting Investments permitted under Section 6.03); 

(h)
Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument inadvertently (except in the case of daylight overdrafts) drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business;

(i) Indebtedness arising in connection with the endorsement of instruments for deposit in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) Indebtedness in respect of netting services or overdraft protection or otherwise in connection with deposit or securities accounts in the
ordinary course of business; 

(k) Indebtedness consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums or (ii) take or pay
obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business; 

(l) subject to
Section 6.03(f), intercompany Indebtedness owing (i) by and among the Note Parties, (ii) by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Note Parties to Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Note Parties, (iii) by
Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Note Parties to Note Parties, and (iv) by Note Parties to Subsidiaries that are not Note Parties; provided, that, Indebtedness under this clause (l)(iv) shall be unsecured
and shall be subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to the terms of the Intercompany Note or other subordination terms approved by the Controlling Parties; 

(m) unsecured Subordinated Indebtedness owing to employees, former employees, officers, former officers, directors, former directors (or any
spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) of any Group Member in connection with the repurchase of Equity Interests of Issuer or any of its direct or indirect parent companies issued to any of
the aforementioned employees, former employees, officers, former officers, directors, former directors (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) of any Group Member not to exceed
$5,000,000 for the most recently ended Test Period, in each case, at any time outstanding; 

(n) Indebtedness arising as a direct result of
judgments, orders, awards or decrees against the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case not constituting an Event of Default; 

(o) unsecured Indebtedness representing any Taxes to the extent such Taxes are being contested by any Group Member in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves are being maintained by the Group Members in accordance with GAAP (or any other applicable accounting standard); 

92 

(p) Indebtedness assumed in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other permitted
Investment; provided, that, (A) such Indebtedness (i) was not incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or other such Investment, (ii) shall not be secured by any assets other than assets acquired in such
Permitted Acquisition or other Investment and (iii) shall not be guaranteed by any Note Party (other than a person acquired in such Permitted Acquisition or any other person who merges with or that acquires the assets of such person in
connection with the Permitted Acquisition) and (B) the Issuer shall be in pro forma compliance with the Financial Covenant set forth in Section 6.08(a); 

(q) Indebtedness of Immaterial Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for the most recently ended Test Period
at any time outstanding; 

(r) Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Note Parties (but only to the extent non-recourse to the Note Parties) and any joint ventures, and any guarantees thereof by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Note Parties, in aggregate principal amount not to exceed, when aggregated with the
aggregate amount of Indebtedness incurred by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Note Parties pursuant to Section 6.01(t) then outstanding, the greater of $5,000,000 and ten percent (10%) of Consolidated EBITDA for the
most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding; 

(s) the Specified Letters of Credit; 

(t) Junior Secured Indebtedness and Unsecured Indebtedness, in each case incurred for any purpose (including to finance a Permitted
Acquisition, other permitted Investment or, to the extent not constituting a Purchase Money Obligation or a Capital Lease Obligation, Capital Expenditures), and in each case subject to compliance with the Required Debt Terms; provided, that,
on a Pro Forma Basis immediately after giving effect to each such incurrence and the application of the proceeds therefrom (including pursuant to any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment consummated in connection therewith or the repayment or
prepayment of any Indebtedness with the proceeds thereof), and any disposition, incurrence of Indebtedness, or other appropriate pro forma adjustments in connection therewith (but without, for the avoidance of doubt, giving effect to any amounts
incurred in connection therewith under the Maximum Additional Debt Amount), the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Applicable Date of Determination and for the applicable Test Period is not greater than 2.50 to 1.00; provided, that, the
amount available pursuant to the immediately preceding proviso may, in each case, at the Issuers election in its sole discretion, be increased by an amount equal to any unutilized portion of the Maximum Additional Debt Amount; provided,
that (x) to the extent the Maximum Additional Debt Amount is utilized to increase the amount available to the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the immediately preceding proviso, any such amount utilized for such purpose shall
reduce, dollar-for-dollar, the Maximum Additional Debt Amount and (y) the aggregate amount of such Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (t) by
Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Note Parties, when aggregated with the principal amount of Indebtedness incurred by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Note Parties pursuant to Section 6.01(r) then outstanding, shall
not exceed the greater of $5,000,000 and ten percent (10%) of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently Test Period at any time outstanding; 

93 

(u) [reserved]; 

(v) Indebtedness in respect of the 2018 Secured Senior Notes, to the extent funds or Cash Equivalents or securities are on deposit in trust
within three (3) Business Days of the Closing Date for the purpose of defeasing or satisfying and discharging such 2018 Secured Senior Notes in their entirety; 

(w) additional Indebtedness or Disqualified Capital Stock of the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, that, immediately
after giving effect to any of incurrence of Indebtedness under this clause (w), the sum of the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding under this clause (w) shall not exceed
$10,000,000; 

(x) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, advances in respect of transfer pricing or shared services agreements that are
permitted by Section 6.03(z); 

(y) to the extent constituting any Indebtedness, any contingent liabilities
arising in connection with any stock options; 

(z) unsecured Indebtedness (i) incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition,
any other Investment or any Asset Sale, in each case to the extent constituting indemnification obligations or obligations in respect of purchase price (including Earn-Outs and any other contingent consideration obligations or deferred purchase
price obligations or any Indebtedness incurred to finance such obligations) or other similar adjustments, in each case, to be made in cash, or (ii) outstanding at any time to the seller of any business or assets permitted to be acquired by the
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary hereunder; provided, that, the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness outstanding under this clause (z) at any time shall not exceed $37,500,000. 

(aa) Indebtedness under Cash Management Agreements and other Indebtedness in respect of credit cards, purchasing cards, treasury management
services and other netting services, automatic clearinghouse arrangements, overdraft protections, employee credit card programs, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items, interstate depository network service, Society for Worldwide
Interbank Financial Telecommunication transfers, cash pooling and operational foreign exchange management, and, in each case, similar arrangements, in each case, to the extent incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(bb) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation or other similar arrangements incurred in the ordinary course of business or in
connection with a Permitted Acquisition or a similar permitted Investment; 

(cc) customary indemnities contained in mandate, engagement
and commitment letters, facility agreements, purchase agreements and indentures, in each case entered into in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to this Section 6.01 and any Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof;

94 

(dd) Indebtedness consisting of unsecured guarantees by the Issuer or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries of operating leases of Subsidiary Guarantors; 

(ee) Indebtedness in respect of premium financing arrangements
(provided, that, the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness shall not exceed the annual premium amount and shall be secured only by the Liens described in Section 6.02(gg)); 

(ff) Indebtedness consisting of obligations owing under any dealer, customer or supplier incentive, supply, license or similar agreements
entered into in the ordinary course of business; and 

(gg) customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of
business from customers for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business; and 

(hh) all premiums (if any), interest
(including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations described in clauses (a) through (gg) of this Section 6.01. 

The accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value and the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness shall not be
prohibited by Section 6.01. 

Section 6.02 Liens. Create, incur, assume or permit to exist, directly
or indirectly, any Lien on any property now owned or hereafter acquired by it or on any assets, income or revenues or rights in respect of any thereof, except the following (collectively, the Permitted Liens): 

(a) Liens for Taxes not yet delinquent and Liens for Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which
adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP (or any other applicable accounting standard); 

(b) Liens in respect of
property of any Group Member imposed by Requirements of Law, (i) which were incurred in the ordinary course of business and do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money, such as carriers, warehousemens, materialmens,
landlords, workmens, suppliers, repairmens and mechanics Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise pertaining to Indebtedness permitted under
Section 6.01(f) and 6.01(h) which do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the property of the Group Members, taken as a whole, and do not materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the
business of the Group Members, taken as a whole, and which, if they secure obligations that are then more than thirty (30) days overdue and unpaid, are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have
been established in accordance with GAAP, or (ii) arising mandatorily on the assets of any Foreign Subsidiary as a result of a Requirement of Law; 

(c) any Lien in existence on the Closing Date (to the extent in excess, individually, of $2,500,000) set forth on
Schedule 6.02(c) and any Lien granted as a replacement or substitute therefor; provided, that, any such replacement or substitute Lien (i) does not secure an aggregate amount of Indebtedness, if any, greater
than the amount of such Indebtedness secured on the Closing Date or any Permitted Refinancing thereof and (ii) does not encumber any property in a material manner other than the property subject thereto on the Closing Date and any proceeds
therefrom; 

95 

(d) easements,
rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions), covenants, conditions, licenses, encroachments, protrusions and other similar charges or encumbrances, and
title deficiencies on or other irregularities with respect to any Real Property, in each case whether now or hereafter in existence, not (i) securing Indebtedness or (ii) individually or in the aggregate materially interfering with the
ordinary conduct of the business and operations of the Group Members at such Real Property or materially adversely affecting the value, use and occupancy thereof; 

(e) Liens to the extent arising out of judgments, orders, attachments, decrees or awards not resulting in a Default or an Event of Default;

(f) Liens (i) imposed by Requirements of Law or deposits made in connection therewith in the ordinary course of business in
connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security legislation, (ii) incurred to secure the performance of appeal bonds or incurred in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance
of tenders, statutory obligations (other than excise taxes), surety, stay, customs bonds and statutory bonds, bids, leases (including deposits with respect thereto), government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return of money bonds and
other similar obligations (exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money) or (iii) arising by virtue of deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure liability for premiums to insurance carriers which, in each case of
subclause (i), (ii) and (iii) of this clause (f), do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the property of the Group Members, taken as a whole, and do not
materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Group Members, taken as a whole; 

(g) Leases, subleases,
licenses and sublicenses of any Property (other than Intellectual Property) of any Group Member granted by such Group Member to third parties, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of such Group Members business; 

(h) any interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor, sublicensor, licensee or sublicensee under any lease, sublease, license or
sublicense not prohibited by this Indenture or the other Security Documents; 

(i) Liens which may arise as a result of municipal and
zoning codes and ordinances, building and other land use laws imposed by any Governmental Authority which are not violated in any material respect by existing improvements or the present use or occupancy of any real property; 

(j) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into by any
Group Member in the ordinary course of business in accordance with the past practices of such Group Member; 

(k) Liens securing
Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(e); provided, that, any such Liens attach only to the property being financed pursuant to such Indebtedness (or the same property securing such Indebtedness immediately
prior to any Permitted Refinancing thereof); 

96 

(l) bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with
respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Group Member, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts
owing to such bank with respect to cash management and operating account arrangements, including those involving pooled accounts and netting arrangements; 

(m) Liens on property or assets of a Person existing at the time such Person or asset is acquired or merged with or into or consolidated with
any Group Member to the extent not prohibited hereunder (and not created in anticipation or contemplation thereof); provided, that, such Liens do not extend to property not subject to such Liens at the time of acquisition (other than
improvements thereon or pursuant to an after-acquired property clause in the applicable security documents) and are no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) to the lienholders than such existing Lien; 

(n) (i) Liens granted pursuant to the Security Documents to secure the Obligations, (ii) any Liens securing (x) Permitted
Additional Debt, Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt and Permitted Junior Refinancing Debt (in each case, to the extent permitted pursuant to the terms of such definition and incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(a)) and
(y) Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness (to the extent permitted pursuant to the terms of such definition and incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(d)) ; provided, in each case, that, such Liens are subject to any
subordination or intercreditor requirements set forth in the applicable definitions referenced above in this Section 6.02(n), and (iii) Liens securing the ABL Obligations (including any increase to the commitments
thereunder after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 3.4 of the ABL Credit Agreement (as in effect on the date hereof)) or any Permitted Refinancings in respect any thereof to the extent such Indebtedness is incurred and outstanding pursuant
to, and in compliance with, Section 6.01(c) and such Liens are (x) if on Notes Priority Collateral, subordinated to the Liens securing the Obligations in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the ABL/Note
Intercreditor Agreement, and (y) if on ABL Priority Collateral, subject to the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement; 

(o) licenses and
sublicenses of Intellectual Property granted by any Group Member in the ordinary course of business or not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of business of the Group Members; 

(p) the filing of UCC (or equivalent) financing statements solely as a precautionary measure in connection with operating leases or
consignment of goods; 

(q) Liens securing reimbursement obligations in an aggregate amount not exceeding $5,000,000 with respect to
commercial letters of credit which encumber documents and other assets relating to such letters of credit and products and proceeds thereof; 

(r) Liens (other than on Collateral) securing Hedging Obligations in an aggregate amount not exceeding $5,000,000 entered into for bona fide
hedging purposes of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary not for the purpose of speculation; 

97 

(s) Liens attaching solely to cash earnest money deposits in connection with an Investment
permitted by Section 6.03 (other than Section 6.03(j)); 

(t) Liens of a collecting
bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4-208 of the UCC in effect in the relevant jurisdiction covering only the items being collected upon; 

(u) Liens granted by a Restricted Subsidiary (i) that is not a Note Party in favor of any other Restricted Subsidiary in respect of
Indebtedness or other obligations owed by such Restricted Subsidiary to such other Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) in favor of any Note Party; 

(v) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof granted in the ordinary course of business to secure the financing of insurance
premiums with respect thereto under Section 6.01(k); 

(w) Liens (i) incurred in the ordinary course of
business in connection with the purchase or shipping of goods or assets (or the related assets and proceeds thereof), which Liens are in favor of the seller or shipper of such goods or assets and only attach to such goods or assets, and (ii) in
favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; 

(x) Liens of any Group Member with respect to Indebtedness and other obligations that do not in the aggregate exceed the sum of
(i) greater of $5,000,000 and ten percent (10%) of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period and (ii) any accrued interest thereon and any interest paid in kind on any Indebtedness or other obligations described in
clause (i) above; provided, in each case, that, any such Lien on assets constituting Collateral (other than Liens with respect to Purchase Money Obligations or Capital Lease Obligations) shall be junior in priority
to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations; 

(y) Liens on assets or property of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Note
Parties (including joint ventures) securing Indebtedness and other obligations of such Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Note Party permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.01 (so long as such Liens do not extend to
the assets of any Note Parties); 

(z) Liens in respect of cash collateral securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to
Section 6.01(s); 

(aa) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to
Section 6.01(p) (so long as such Liens secure only the same assets (and any after acquired assets pursuant to any after-acquired property clause in the applicable security documents) and the same Indebtedness that such
Liens secured, immediately prior to the assumption of such Indebtedness, and so long as such Liens were not created in contemplation of such assumption) and Section 6.01(t) (to the extent permitted to be secured, and on the
lien priorities described, by the terms thereof); 

(bb) Liens on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an
Investment permitted pursuant to Section 6.03 to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment; 

98 

(cc) Liens on Equity Interests (i) deemed to exist in connection with any options, put
and call arrangements, rights of first refusal and similar rights relating to Investments in Persons that are not Restricted Subsidiaries of Issuer or (ii) of any joint venture or similar arrangement pursuant to any joint venture or similar
arrangement; 

(dd) restrictions on dispositions of assets to be disposed of pursuant to merger agreements, stock or asset purchase
agreements and similar agreements, in each case, solely to the extent such disposition would be permitted pursuant to the terms hereof; 

(ee) Liens on any assets not constituting Collateral in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of $5,000,000 and ten percent (10%) of
Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; 

(ff) Liens (i) securing the 2018 Secured Senior Notes; provided that
funds or Cash Equivalents or securities are on deposit in trust within three (3) Business Days of the Closing Date for the purpose of defeasing or satisfying and discharging such 2018 Secured Senior Notes and (ii) Liens securing such funds
or Cash Equivalents or securities as are on deposit described in subclause (i) of this clause (ff); 

(gg) Liens
securing insurance premium financing arrangements; provided, that, such Liens only encumber insurance premiums, policies or dividends with respect to the policies that were financed with the funds advanced under such arrangements; and 

(hh) Liens arising from precautionary UCC or non-U.S. equivalent financing statements, to the extent
applicable, entered into in connection with any transaction otherwise permitted under this Indenture. 

Section 6.03 Investments,
Loans and Advances. Directly or indirectly, lend money or credit (by way of guarantee or otherwise) or make advances to any person, or purchase or acquire any Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures, guarantees or other securities of, or make
any capital contribution to, or acquire assets constituting all or a material portion of the assets of, or acquire assets constituting a line of business, business unit or division of, any other Person (all of the foregoing, collectively,
Investments), except that the following shall be permitted: 

(a) the Group Members may consummate the Transactions in
accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents; 

(b) (i) Investments outstanding, contemplated or made pursuant to
binding commitments in effect on the Closing Date and (to the extent in excess, individually, of $2,500,000) identified on Schedule 6.03(b) and (ii) Investments consisting of any modification, replacement, renewal,
reinvestment or extension of any Investment described in clause (i) above; provided, that, the amount of any Investment permitted pursuant to this clause (ii) is not increased from the
amount of such Investment on the Closing Date except pursuant to the terms of such Investment as of the Closing Date or as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.03; 

(c) the Group Members may (i) acquire and hold accounts receivable owing to any of them if created or acquired in the ordinary course of
business and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary terms, (ii) invest in, acquire and hold cash and Cash Equivalents, and other cash equivalent Investments, (iii) endorse negotiable instruments held for collection or
deposit in the ordinary course of business or (iv) make lease, utility and other similar deposits in the ordinary course of business; 

99 

(d) Hedging Obligations permitted by Section 6.01(d) or otherwise
in connection with non-speculative Hedging Agreements or similar arrangements (including in connection with the terminations or unwinding thereof); 

(e) loans and advances (i) to directors, employees and officers of any Group Member in the ordinary course of business, or otherwise for
bona fide business purposes in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of $5,000,000 and ten percent (10%) of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding and (ii) to directors, employees and
officers of any Group Member (whether or not currently serving as such) to purchase Equity Interests of Issuer or any of its direct or indirect parent companies (provided, that, in the case of this clause (ii), any
such amount loaned or advanced is simultaneously used to purchase such Equity Interests; to the extent paid in cash, such amounts shall be contributed to a Note Party; and such loans shall not exceed in the aggregate, in any fiscal year of Issuer,
greater of $5,000,000 and ten percent (10%) of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, provided, further, that, such amount may be increased, by up to an aggregate amount equal to (A) the greater of $5,000,000
and ten percent (10%) of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, solely to the extent unutilized in the immediately preceding fiscal year and (B) the greater of $5,000,000 and ten percent (10%) of Consolidated EBITDA for
the most recently ended Test Period for the most recently ended Test Period solely to the extent that any additional amount utilized pursuant to this clause (B) shall reduce the amount of Investments permitted pursuant to
this Section 6.03(e) in the subsequent fiscal year on a dollar-for-dollar basis); 

(f) Investments (i) by any Group Member in a Note Party, (ii) by any Group Member that is not a Note Party in any other Group Member
and (iii) by any Note Party in any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Note Party; provided, that, the amount of Investments pursuant to clause (iii) of this Section 6.03(f) shall not
exceed the greater of $5,000,000 and ten percent (10%) of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; provided, further, that, investments in Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Note Parties may be made pursuant to
Section 6.03(i) hereof and shall not reduce availability hereunder, so long as the non-Guarantor Investment basket for Permitted Acquisitions contained in the definition thereof is
charged (without double counting) for the full amount of such Investment by operation of the acquisition of a non-Guarantor with the proceeds of such Investment; 

(g) Investments in securities or other assets of trade creditors or customers in the ordinary course of business received in settlement of
bona fide disputes or upon foreclosure or pursuant to any plan of reorganization or liquidation or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of such trade creditors or customers; 

(h) Investments held by any Group Member as a result of consideration received in connection with an Asset Sale or other disposition made in
compliance with Section 6.05 (other than Section 6.05(e)); 

100 

(i) Permitted Acquisitions and Investments by any Group Member in any other Group Member
that is not a Note Party in order to consummate such Permitted Acquisitions; 

(j) pledges and deposits permitted under
Section 6.02; 

(k) loans that could otherwise be made as a distribution permitted under
Section 6.06 (with a commensurate dollar-for-dollar reduction of their ability to make additional distributions under such
Section 6.06, for so long as such loan remains outstanding); 

(l) Investments consisting of earnest money
deposits required in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment; 

(m) Investments of any Person existing at the
time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or consolidates, amalgamates or merges with any Group Member (including in connection with a Permitted Acquisition), so long as such investments were not made in contemplation of such Person becoming
a Restricted Subsidiary or of such consolidation, amalgamation or merger; provided that this clause (m) is intended solely to grandfather such Investments as are indirectly acquired as a result of an acquisition of a Person
otherwise permitted hereunder and any consideration paid in connection with such acquisition that may be allocable to such Investments that consist of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Note Parties must be permitted by, and be taken into account
in computing compliance with, any basket amounts or limitations applicable to such acquisition hereunder; 

(n) Contingent Obligations and
other Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 (other than Section 6.01(g)(ii) and 6.01(l)), performance guarantees, and transactions permitted under Section 6.04
(other than Section 6.04(b)); 

(o) redemptions, repurchases or acquisitions of Indebtedness of any Group Member
to the extent not prohibited by Section 6.09; 

(p) (i) Investments in deposit and investment accounts
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, eurocurrency investment accounts) opened in the ordinary course of business with financial institutions and (ii) any Investment in any Subsidiary or any joint venture in connection with intercompany cash
management arrangements or related activities arising in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 

(q) unsecured
intercompany advances by any Group Member to Issuer for purposes and in amounts that would otherwise be permitted to be made as Dividends to Issuer pursuant to Section 6.06; 

(r) Investments to the extent constituting the reinvestment of the Net Cash Proceeds arising from Casualty Events to repair, replace or
restore any property in respect of which such Net Cash Proceeds were paid; 

(s) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries; provided,
that, the aggregate amount of such Investments outstanding at any time under this clause (s), clause (w) and clause (ff) of this Section 6.03
shall not exceed $10,000,000; 

101 

(t) purchases and other acquisitions of inventory, materials, equipment, intangible property
and other assets in the ordinary course of business; 

(u) (i) leases and subleases of real or personal property and
(ii) licenses and sublicenses of Intellectual Property permitted under Section 6.02(o) and other personal property in the ordinary course of business; 

(v) Investments to the extent that payment for such Investments is made solely with cash contributions from the issuance of Equity Interests
(other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of Issuer after the Closing Date, which are contributed as cash common equity to the Issuer and Not Otherwise Applied; 

(w) Investments in joint ventures of any Group Member; provided, that, the aggregate amount of such Investments outstanding at any time
under clause (s), this clause (w) and clause (ff) of this Section 6.03 shall not exceed $10,000,000; 

(x) Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Cumulative Amount; provided, that, (i) no Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing at the time of the making of such Investment or would immediately result therefrom, (ii) on a Pro Forma Basis, the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Applicable Date of Determination and for the most recently ended
Test Period shall be no greater than 2.00 to 1.00, and (iii) any Limited Condition Acquisition remains subject to the terms of Section 1.06 hereof; 

(y) other Investments in an aggregate amount at any time not to exceed $10,000,000, plus the aggregate total of all other amounts
available as a Restricted Debt Payment under Section 6.09(a)(viii), which the Issuer may elect to re-allocate to the making of Investments pursuant to this
Section 6.03(y); 

(z) to the extent constituting Investments, advances in respect of transfer pricing and
cost-sharing arrangements (i.e., cost-plus arrangements) that are (i) in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the Group Members historical practices and (ii) funded not more than one hundred twenty
(120) days in advance of the applicable transfer pricing and cost-sharing payment; 

(aa) advances of payroll payments to employees in
the ordinary course of business; 

(bb) [reserved]; 

(cc) Investments in the ordinary course of business (i) consisting of customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with past
practices and (ii) in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client contracts and loans or advances made to distributors; 

(dd) repurchases of or other Investments in the 2018 Secured Senior Notes; 

(ee) Investments resulting from the exercise of drag-along rights, put-rights, call-rights or similar
rights under joint venture or similar documents; and 

102 

(ff) Investments in similar businesses; provided, that, the aggregate amount of such
Investments outstanding at any time under this clause (ff), clause (s) and clause (w) of this Section 6.03 shall in an aggregate amount
outstanding at any time not to exceed $10,000,000. 

The amount of any Investment shall be the initial amount of such Investment less all returns of
principal, capital, Dividends and other cash returns therefrom (including, without limitation, any repayments, interest, returns, profits, distributions, income or similar amounts received in cash in respect of any Investment in any Unrestricted
Subsidiary and the designation thereof) and less all liabilities expressly assumed by another person in connection with the sale of such Investment; provided, that, any reduction in the initial amount of such Investment (including upon the re-designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary) shall be without duplication of any increase in the Cumulative Amount. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Indenture,
(i) no Investments shall be made in, and no Subsidiaries shall be designated as, Unrestricted Subsidiaries pursuant to this Section 6.03 except pursuant to Section 6.03(s) and (ii) no
Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Note Party may own or hold, and none of the Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries may transfer (including by granting an exclusive license), sell, dispose or contribute to any such Restricted Subsidiary,
any asset that is material to the business of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Section 6.04 Mergers and
Consolidations. Wind up, liquidate or dissolve its affairs, consummate a merger or consolidation or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets,
except that the following shall be permitted: 

(a) Asset Sales or other dispositions in compliance with
Section 6.05 (other than Section 6.05(d)); 

(b) Investments permitted pursuant to
Section 6.03 (other than Section 6.03(n)); 

(c) (i) any Group Member (other than
the Issuer) may merge or consolidate with or into the Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor (as long as the Issuer is the surviving person in the case of any merger or consolidation involving the Issuer, and such Subsidiary Guarantor is the surviving
person in the case of any merger or consolidation involving such Subsidiary Guarantor (other than mergers or consolidations involving the Issuer)) and (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Issuer) that is not a Guarantor may merge or
consolidate with or into any other Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Issuer) that is not a Guarantor; 

(d) a merger or consolidation
pursuant to, and in accordance with, the definition of Permitted Acquisition to the extent necessary to consummate such Permitted Acquisition; and 

(e) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer may dissolve, liquidate or wind up its affairs at any time; provided, that, such
dissolution, liquidation or winding up, as applicable, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

103 

Section 6.05 Asset Sales. Sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of
any property, except that the following shall be permitted: 

(a) (i) sales, transfers, leases, subleases and other dispositions of
inventory in the ordinary course of business, property no longer used or useful in the business or worn out, or obsolete, uneconomical, negligible or surplus property by any Group Member in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the abandonment,
allowance to lapse or other disposition of Intellectual Property that is, in the reasonable business judgment of the Issuer, immaterial or no longer economically practicable to maintain or (iii) sales, transfers, leases, subleases and other
dispositions of property by any Group Member (including Intellectual Property) that is, in the reasonable business judgment of the Issuer, immaterial or no longer used or useful in the business; 

(b) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of the making of such sale, lease, assignment, transfer
or disposition or would immediately result therefrom, any sale, lease, assignment, transfer or disposition (other than a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries); provided, that,
(i) such sale, lease, assignment, transfer or disposition shall be for fair market value (as determined by the Issuer in good faith) and (ii) at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the purchase price for all property subject to such sale,
lease, assignment, transfer or disposition shall be paid in cash or Cash Equivalents (with assumed liabilities treated as cash and other Designated Noncash Consideration treated as cash so long as the total Designated Noncash Consideration
outstanding at any time does not exceed $10,000,000 for the most recently ended Test Period in the aggregate, and provided, that, the amount of the proceeds of any portion of any such disposition that would be permitted under
Section 6.05(n) shall be excluded from the numerator and denominator of such calculation); 

(c) (i) leases,
assignments and subleases of real or personal property in the ordinary course of business and (ii) licenses and sublicenses of Intellectual Property otherwise permitted under Section 6.02; 

(d) transactions in compliance with Section 6.04 (other than Section 6.04(a)); 

(e) Investments in compliance with Section 6.03 (other than Section 6.03(h)), Liens in
compliance with Section 6.02, Dividends in compliance with Section 6.06 and Restricted Debt Payments in compliance with Section 6.09; 

(f) sales of any non-core assets (i) acquired in connection with any Permitted Acquisitions or
other Investments in compliance with Section 6.03 (other than Section 6.03(h)), or (ii) to obtain the approval of an anti-trust authority to a Permitted Acquisition or other permitted
Investment; 

(g) sales, discounts or forgiveness of customer delinquent notes or accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business or
in connection with the settlement, collection or compromise thereof; 

(h) use of cash and dispositions of Cash Equivalents in the ordinary
course of business; 

104 

(i) sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions of assets of the Issuer and its
Restricted Subsidiaries that do not constitute Collateral (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries and joint ventures) to the extent the fair market value of such assets does not exceed the greater of
$10,000,000 in the aggregate during the term of this Indenture; 

(j) sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions (i) to the
Issuer or to any other Note Party or (ii) to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Note Party from another Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Note Party; 

(k) sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions of property to the extent required by any Governmental Authority or otherwise pursuant to
any Requirements of Law; 

(l) sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions of property to the extent that such property constitutes an
Investment permitted by Section 6.03(h) or another asset received as consideration for the disposition of any asset permitted by this Section; 

(m) sales or dispositions of immaterial Equity Interests to qualify directors where required by applicable Requirements of Law or to satisfy
other similar Requirements of Law with respect to the ownership of Equity Interests; 

(n) any concurrent purchase and sale or exchange of
any asset used or useful in the business of the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries or in any line of business permitted hereunder, or any combination of any such assets and cash or Cash Equivalents, between the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary
on one hand and another person in the other; 

(o) dispositions resulting from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under
power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of any Group Member; 

(p) the sale or
disposition of Unrestricted Subsidiaries; 

(q) dispositions of equipment lost, abandoned or destroyed in the ordinary course of business;

(r) other sales or dispositions in an amount not to exceed the greater of $15,000,000 and twenty percent (20%) of Consolidated EBITDA for
the most recently ended Test Period per transaction (or series of related transactions); 

(s) (i) any Motor Vehicle Sale and
Leaseback Transaction which does not cause the total aggregate liability under all Motor Vehicle Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted under this subclause (i) to exceed $20,000,000 at any time and (ii) any other Sale Leaseback
Transaction which satisfies each of the following requirements: such Sale Leaseback Transaction is for the sale or transfer of any fixed or capital assets which are made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed
or capital asset and which is consummated within ninety (90) days after such Note Party acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset and (y) such Sale Leaseback Transaction does not cause the total aggregate
liability under all Sale Leaseback Transactions permitted under this subclause (ii) to exceed $10,000,000 at any time; 

105 

(t) surrender or waiver of contractual rights and settlements, releases or waivers of
contractual or litigation claims in the ordinary course of business; and 

(u) any disposition, unwinding or termination of Hedging
Agreements or transactions contemplated thereby. 

To the extent the Controlling Parties or all of the Holders, as applicable, waive the
provisions of this Section 6.05 with respect to the sale of any Collateral, or any Collateral is sold as permitted by this Section 6.05, such Collateral (unless sold to a Note Party) shall be sold
automatically free and clear of the Liens created by the Security Documents, and the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee and the Collateral Agent an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that sale of Collateral
complies with this Indenture and the other Note Documents and that all covenants and conditions precedent to the e sale of such Collateral have been satisfied. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Indenture, no Restricted
Subsidiary that is not a Note Party may own or hold, and none of the Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries may transfer (including by granting an exclusive license), sell, dispose or contribute to any such Restricted Subsidiary, any asset
that is material to the business of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Section 6.06 Dividends. Authorize,
declare or pay, directly or indirectly, any Dividends with respect to any Group Member, except that the following shall be permitted (subject to the provisos in each of subclause (l) of
Section 6.01 and subclause (q) of Section 6.03): 

(a)
Dividends by any Group Member (i) to the Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor, (ii) to any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer that is not a Guarantor; provided, that, any such Dividend under this
clause (ii) is either (A) paid only in Equity Interests of such Group Member (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) or (B) if paid in cash, is paid to all equityholders on a pro rata basis, and
(iii) to Issuer paid only in Equity Interests in kind; 

(b) so long as no Event of Default under
Section 8.01(a), (b), (g) or (h) has occurred and is continuing or would immediately result therefrom, payments to Issuer (and/or (without duplication) any direct or indirect parent company) to
permit Issuer (or any such direct or indirect parent company) to repurchase or redeem Qualified Capital Stock of Issuer (or any direct or indirect parent company) held by current or former officers, directors or employees (or their transferees,
spouses, ex-spouses, heirs, family members, estates or beneficiaries under their estates) of any Group Member (including, without limitation, upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination
of employment or service) or to make payments on Indebtedness issued to buy such Qualified Capital Stock, including, without limitation, upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service; provided,
that, the aggregate cash consideration (for the avoidance of doubt excluding cancellation of Indebtedness owed by such person) paid for all such redemptions and payments shall not exceed, in any fiscal year, the sum of (i) the greater of
$5,000,000 and ten percent (10%) of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; provided, that, such amount may be increased by (x) up to $5,000,000 or, if greater, ten percent (10%) of Consolidated EBITDA, solely to the

106 

extent the amount available under this clause (i) was not utilized in the immediately preceding fiscal year or (y) by up to $5,000,000 or, if greater, ten
percent (10%) of Consolidated EBITDA solely to the extent that any such additional amount utilized pursuant to this subclause (y) shall reduce the amount of Dividends permitted pursuant to this
Section 6.06(b)(i) in the subsequent fiscal year on a dollar-for-dollar basis, plus (ii) the net cash proceeds of any key-man life insurance policies of any Group Member that are used to repurchase or redeem Qualified Capital Stock of Issuer (or any direct or indirect parent company) held by the Person covered by the
applicable key-man life insurance policy or such Persons spouse, ex-spouse, estate or beneficiaries under the estate of the Person covered by the
applicable key-man life insurance policy or to make payments on Indebtedness issued to buy such Qualified Capital Stock upon such Persons death or disability; provided, further,
that, during an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), 8.01(b), 8.01(g) or 8.01(h) any payments described in this Section 6.06 (b) may accrue and shall be
permitted to be paid upon such Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), 8.01(b), 8.01(g) or 8.01(h) no longer existing so long as no other Event of Default under
Section 8.01(a), 8.01(b), 8.01(g) or 8.01(h) is continuing at such time; 

(c) repurchases
of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon the exercise of stock options if the Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price thereof and repurchases, redemptions or other acquisitions or retirements for value of Equity Interests made in
lieu of withholding Taxes in connection with any exercise or exchange of stock options, warrants or other similar rights; 

(d) Dividends
made solely in Equity Interests of Issuer (other than Disqualified Capital Stock); 

(e) Dividends to finance payments for reasonable
director fees and reasonable and documented director indemnities and expenses (which for the avoidance of doubt, may be paid as a Dividend); 

(f) Dividends to the extent that payment for such Dividends is made solely with cash contributions from the issuance of Equity Interests
(other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of Issuer after the Closing Date, which are Not Otherwise Applied; 

(g) distributions for
(i) administrative, overhead and related expenses (including franchise and similar taxes required to maintain corporate existence and other legal, accounting and other overhead expenses) of Issuer or any direct or indirect parent of Issuer to
the extent directly attributable to the operations or ownership of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, and (ii) Public Company Costs; 

(h) so long as no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), 8.01(b), 8.01(g) or 8.01(h) shall
have occurred and be continuing or would immediately result therefrom, distributions to any of Issuers direct or indirect equity holders of any working capital adjustment or any other purchase price adjustment received in connection with any
Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment permitted under Section 6.03; provided, that, with respect to any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment, the amount of such distribution shall be limited to the
Equity Funded Portion thereof; 

107 

(i) Dividends by any Group Member to any direct or indirect holder of any Equity Interests
in the Issuer to finance any Permitted Acquisition, or Investment permitted to be made pursuant to Section 6.03; provided, that, (A) such Dividend shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of
such Permitted Acquisition, or Investment and (B) Issuer or such other Issuer shall, immediately following the closing thereof, cause (1) all property so acquired (whether assets or Equity Interests) or all property of all Person so
acquired to be held by or contributed to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary or (2) the merger (to the extent permitted in Section 6.04) of the Person formed or acquired into the Issuer or any other Restricted
Subsidiary in order to consummate such Permitted Acquisition; 

(j) [reserved]; 

(k) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would immediately result therefrom, unlimited additional
Dividends; provided, that, on a Pro Forma Basis, the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Applicable Date of Determination and for the most recently ended Test Period shall be no greater than 1.00 to 1.00; 

(l) [reserved]; 

(m) Dividends
and distributions among Note Parties in connection with transfer pricing or shared services agreements to the extent advances related thereto are permitted pursuant to Section 6.03(z); and 

(n) Issuer, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary may (i) pay cash in lieu of fractional Equity Interests in connection with any
dividend, split or combination thereof, any Permitted Acquisition and (ii) honor any conversion request by a holder of convertible Indebtedness and make cash payments in lieu of fractional shares in connection with any such conversion and may
make payments on convertible Indebtedness in accordance with its terms; and 

(o) Dividends and distributions made with the Cumulative
Amount; provided that (A) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of the making of such Dividend or would immediately result therefrom, and (B) on a Pro Forma Basis, the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the
Applicable Date of Determination and for the most recently ended Test Period shall be no greater than 1.50 to 1.00. 

Section 6.07
Transactions with Affiliates. Except as otherwise permitted hereunder, enter into, directly or indirectly, any transaction or series of related transactions with a fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) in excess of the
greater of $5,000,000 and five percent (5%) of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, with any Affiliate of any Group Member (other than among the Issuer and any Guarantor or
any entity that becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor as a result of such transactions), other than on terms and conditions at least as favorable to such Group Member (or, in the case of a transaction between a Note Party and a Subsidiary that is not a
Note Party, such Note Party) as would reasonably be obtained by such Group Member at that time in a comparable arms-length transaction with a person other than an Affiliate (as reasonably determined by
the Issuer): 

(a) (i) Dividends permitted by Section 6.06, (ii) Liens granted pursuant to
Section 6.02, (iii) Investments permitted by Section 6.03 and Indebtedness resulting therefrom permitted under Section 6.01, (iv) transactions permitted by
Section 6.04, (v) dispositions permitted under Section 6.05 and (vi) payments of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.09; 

108 

(b) director, officer and employee compensation (including bonuses) and other benefits
(including, without limitation, retirement, health, incentive equity and other benefit plans) and expense reimbursement and indemnification arrangements and severance agreements; 

(c) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, joint venture partners or purchasers or sellers of goods and services, in each case in
the ordinary course of business and otherwise not prohibited by the Note Documents; 

(d) [reserved]; 

(e) any transaction with an Affiliate where the only consideration paid by any Note Party is Qualified Capital Stock of Issuer (or Equity
Interests of a direct or indirect parent company of Issuer); 

(f) agreements relating to Intellectual Property not interfering in any
material respect with the ordinary conduct of business of or the value of such Intellectual Property to such Group Member or materially impairing the security interest granted under the Security Agreement therein held by the Collateral Agent; 

(g) any other agreement, arrangement or transaction as in effect on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 6.07,
and any amendment or modification with respect to such agreement, arrangement or transaction, and the performance of obligations thereunder, so long as such amendment or modification is not materially adverse to the interests of the Holders; 

(h) the Transactions as contemplated by the Transaction Documents, including the payment of any fees, costs or expenses related to such
Transactions; 

(i) transactions among Issuer and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that are permitted hereunder; and 

(j) transactions pursuant to transfer pricing or shared services agreements, advances with respect to which are permitted by
Section 6.03(z). 

Section 6.08 Financial Covenants. 

(a) Total Net Leverage Ratio. Except with the written consent of the Controlling Parties, permit the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the
last day of and for any Test Period (commencing, for the avoidance of doubt, with the Test Period ending March 31, 2025) to be greater than the Total Net Leverage Ratio set forth below opposite such Test Period: 

109 

Test Period Ending 

Total Net Leverage
Ratio

March 31, 2025 through and including December 31, 2025 4.50:1.00

March 31, 2026 through and including December 31, 2026 4.00:1.00

March 31, 2027 through and including December 31, 2027 3.50:1.00

March 31, 2028 through and including December 31, 2028 3.00:1.00

March 31, 2029, and thereafter 2.50:1.00

(b) Net Capital Expenditures. Make Net Capital Expenditures in any Test Period costing in excess of the
greater of (x) $65,000,000 in the aggregate during any Test Period or (y) seven percent (7%) of revenues during such Test Period; provided, that, such amounts shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any Subject
Transaction as if it occurred on the first day of the reference period; provided, further, that, for purposes of testing compliance with this Section 6.08(b), as of the last day of (x) the first full
fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, Net Capital Expenditures shall be the amount of Net Capital Expenditures for such fiscal quarter then-ended multiplied by 4, (y) the second full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, Net Capital
Expenditures shall be the amount of Net Capital Expenditures for the two fiscal quarters then-ended multiplied by 2 and (z) the third full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, Net Capital Expenditures shall be the amount of Net Capital
Expenditures for the three fiscal quarters then-ended multiplied by 4/3. 

Section 6.09 Prepayments of Certain
Indebtedness; Modifications of Organizational Documents and Other Documents, etc. 

(a) Directly or
indirectly make any voluntary or optional payment or prepayment of, or repurchase, redemption or acquisition for value of, prior to any scheduled repayment, sinking fund payment or maturity, any Subordinated Indebtedness, Junior Secured Indebtedness
and Unsecured Indebtedness outstanding under the documents evidencing any such Indebtedness that is, in each case, in excess of $5,000,000 in the aggregate (each, a Restricted Debt Payment) except (i) to the extent not
prohibited by any applicable Intercreditor Agreement or any subordination terms applicable to any such Subordinated Indebtedness, Junior Secured Indebtedness or Unsecured Indebtedness (including pursuant to a Permitted Refinancing) with the
Cumulative Amount; provided, that, (A) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of the making of such Restricted Debt Payment or would immediately result therefrom, and (B) on a Pro Forma Basis, the
Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Applicable Date of Determination and for the most recently ended Test Period shall be no greater than 1.50 to 1.00, (ii) in connection with any Permitted Refinancing thereof or to the extent made with the
proceeds of Qualified Capital Stock of Issuer that are Not Otherwise Applied; provided, that, in the case of any refinancing of Permitted Junior Refinancing Debt or other Indebtedness subject to any applicable Intercreditor Agreement, such
refinancing must be permitted by such Intercreditor Agreement or, if applicable, the other customary subordination documentation related to such 

110 

Permitted Junior Refinancing Debt or such other Indebtedness, (iii) prepaying, redeeming, purchasing, defeasing or otherwise satisfying prior to the scheduled maturity thereof (or setting
apart any property for such purpose) (A) in the case of any Group Member that is not a Note Party, any Indebtedness owing by such Group Member to any other Group Member, (B) otherwise, any Indebtedness owing to any Note Party and
(C) so long as no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), 8.01(b), 8.01(g) or 8.01(h) is continuing or would immediately result therefrom, any mandatory prepayments of Indebtedness incurred
under clauses (b) and (e) of Section 6.01 and any Permitted Refinancing thereof, (iv) making regularly scheduled or otherwise required payments of interest and mandatory
prepayments in respect of such Subordinated Indebtedness, Junior Secured Indebtedness or Unsecured Indebtedness (and any Permitted Refinancing of any of the foregoing) and payments of fees, expenses and indemnification obligations thereunder,
(v) to the extent that such payment is made solely with cash contributions from the issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of the Issuer which are Not Otherwise Applied, (vi) converting (or exchanging) any
Indebtedness to (or for) Qualified Capital Stock of Issuer, (vii) if applicable, any AHYDO Catch-Up Payments with respect thereto, (viii) making prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasance or
other satisfaction of Indebtedness in an amount not to exceed $20,000,000 less the aggregate amount re-allocated to Section 6.03(y) by the Issuer pursuant to
Section 6.03(y), (ix) making prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasance or other satisfaction of such Indebtedness, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Total Net Leverage Ratio
computed on a Pro Forma Basis as of the Applicable Date of Determination and for the most recently ended Test Period is no greater than 1.00 to 1.00, (x) the defeasance or satisfaction and discharge the 2018 Secured Senior Notes in their
entirety on the Closing Date, (xi) in connection with the refinancing of any Indebtedness acquired in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or similar Investment to the extent such Indebtedness was not incurred in contemplation of such
Permitted Acquisition or similar Investment, and (xii) any payments of intercompany obligations permitted under subordination terms approved by the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.01(l) hereunder; 

(b) amend, modify or change any term or condition of documents evidencing Subordinated Indebtedness, Junior Secured Indebtedness or Unsecured
Indebtedness in violation of an Intercreditor Agreement or applicable documents governing such Indebtedness without the consent of the Controlling Parties (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed); and 

(c) to the extent that its shares are secured in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to any Security Agreement, terminate, amend, modify or
change any of its Organizational Documents (including by the filing or modification of any certificate of designation) or any agreement to which it is a party with respect to its Equity Interests (including any stockholders agreement), other
than any such amendments, modifications or changes or such new agreements which are not materially adverse to the interests of the Holders. 

Section 6.10 No Further Negative Pledge; Subsidiary Distributions. Enter into any agreement, instrument, deed or lease which
(a) prohibits or limits the ability of any Note Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of their respective properties or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or which requires the grant of any security
for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation or (b) prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Note Party from paying dividends or other distributions with
respect to any of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans 

111 

or advances to any Restricted Subsidiary or to guarantee Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, except the following: (i) this Indenture and the other Note Documents, and
any documents governing any Additional Notes, any Permitted Additional Debt, any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(t) or 6.01(w) or, in each case, any Notes Refinancing Indebtedness or Permitted
Refinancing in respect thereof; provided, that, such Additional Notes, Permitted Additional Debt, Notes Refinancing Indebtedness, and other Indebtedness are no more materially restrictive with respect to such prohibitions, restrictions and
conditions than the applicable terms of this Indenture; (ii) covenants in documents creating Liens permitted by Section 6.02 prohibiting further Liens on the properties encumbered thereby; (iii) the ABL Documents;
(iv) any other agreement that does not restrict in any manner (directly or indirectly) Liens created pursuant to the Note Documents on any Collateral securing the Obligations and does not require the direct or indirect granting of any Lien
securing any Indebtedness or other obligation by virtue of the granting of Liens on or pledge of property of any Note Party to secure the Obligations; (v) customary covenants and restrictions in any indenture, agreement, document, instrument or
other arrangement relating to non-material assets or business of any Subsidiary existing prior to the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition in which such Subsidiary was acquired (and not created in
contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition); (vi) customary restrictions on cash or other deposits; (vii) net worth provisions in leases and other agreements entered into by a Group Member in the ordinary course of business;
(viii) contractual encumbrances or restrictions existing on the Closing Date and identified on Schedule 6.10; and (ix) any prohibition or limitation that (A) exists pursuant to applicable Requirements of Law,
(B) consists of customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to the sale of any property permitted under Section 6.05, stock sale agreement, joint venture agreement, sale/leaseback
agreement, purchase agreements, or acquisition agreements (including by way of merger, acquisition or consolidation) entered into by a Note Party or any Restricted Subsidiary solely to the extent pending the consummation of such transaction, which
covenant or restriction is limited to the assets that are the subject of such agreements, (C) restricts subletting or assignment of leasehold interests contained in any Lease governing a leasehold interest of a Note Party or a Restricted
Subsidiary, or (D) is imposed by any amendments or refinancings that are otherwise permitted by the Note Documents of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in immediately preceding
clauses (i) through (ix) of this Section 6.10; provided, that, such amendments and refinancings are no more materially restrictive with respect to such prohibitions and
limitations than those prior to such amendment or refinancing. 

Section 6.11 Nature of Business. The Issuer and its Restricted
Subsidiaries will not engage in any material line of business substantially different from the lines of business conducted by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business reasonably related, similar, corollary,
complementary, incidental or ancillary thereto. 

Section 6.12 Fiscal Year. Change its fiscal year end date to a date other
than December 31, other than with prior written notice to the Trustee. 

Section 6.13 Hedging Obligations. None of the
Note Parties will, nor will they permit any of their Restricted Subsidiaries to, incur, create, or permit to exist any Hedging Obligations, other than Hedging Obligations with respect to interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates or commodity
prices not entered into for speculative purposes. 

112 

ARTICLE VII 

GUARANTEE 

Section 7.01 Guarantees. 

(a) For value received, each Guarantor, fully and unconditionally, jointly and severally with each other Guarantor and each other Person which
may become a Guarantor hereunder, guarantees the Notes and obligations of the Issuer hereunder and thereunder, and guarantees to each Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee, that: (i) the principal of and
premium, if any, and interest, if any, on the Notes shall be paid in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, together with interest on the overdue principal, if any, and interest on any overdue
interest, if any, to the extent lawful, and all other Obligations of the Issuer to the Holders or the Trustee under this Indenture or the Notes shall be paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; and (ii) in
case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or of any such other obligations, the same shall be paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by
acceleration or otherwise. Each of the Guarantees shall be a guarantee of payment and not of collection. 

(b) Each Guarantor hereby agrees
that its obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Notes or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder with respect to any
provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Issuer, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a Guarantor. 

(c) Each Guarantor hereby waives the benefits of diligence, presentment, demand for payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of
insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, any right to require a proceeding first against the Issuer or any other Person, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants that the Guarantee of such Guarantor shall not be discharged as to any
Note or this Indenture except by complete performance of the obligations contained in such Note and this Indenture and such Guarantee. Each of the Guarantors hereby agrees that, in the event of a Default in payment of principal or premium, if any,
or interest on any Note, whether at its stated maturity, by acceleration, call for redemption, purchase or otherwise, legal proceedings may be instituted by the Trustee on behalf of, or by, the Holder of such Note, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in this Indenture, directly against each of the Guarantors to enforce each such Guarantors Guarantee without first proceeding against the Issuer or any other Guarantor. Each Guarantor agrees that if, after the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Trustee or any of the Holders are prevented by applicable law from exercising their respective rights to accelerate the maturity of the Notes, to collect interest on the Notes, or to enforce or
exercise any other right or remedy with respect to the Notes, such Guarantor shall pay to the Trustee for the account of the Holders, upon demand therefor, the amount that would otherwise have been due and payable had such rights and remedies been
permitted to be exercised by the Trustee or any of the Holders and any other amounts due and owing to the Trustee under this Indenture. 

113 

(d) If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the
Issuer or any Guarantor, or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to the Issuer or any Guarantor, any amount paid by any of them to the Trustee or such Holder, the Guarantee of each of the Guarantors, to the
extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect. This clause (d) shall remain effective notwithstanding any contrary action which may be taken by the Trustee or any Holder in reliance upon such amount required
to be returned. This clause (d) shall survive the termination of this Indenture. 

(e) Each Guarantor further agrees that, as
between each Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand, (x) the maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article VIII for the purposes of the Guarantee of such
Guarantor, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby, and (y) in the event of any acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article VIII,
such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by each Guarantor for the purpose of the Guarantee of such Guarantor. 

(f) Each Guarantor that makes a payment for distribution under its Guarantee is entitled upon payment in full of all guaranteed obligations
under this Indenture to seek contribution from each other Guarantor in a pro rata amount of such payment based on the respective net assets of all the Guarantors at the time of such payment in accordance with GAAP. 

Section 7.02 Execution and Delivery of Guarantee. 

(a) To evidence its Guarantee set forth in Section 7.01, each Guarantor agrees that this Indenture or a supplemental
indenture in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit F shall be executed on behalf of such Guarantor by an Officer of such Guarantor (or, if an Officer is not available, by a board member or director) on behalf of
such Guarantor by manual, electronic or facsimile signature. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that its Guarantee set forth in Section 7.01 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the absence of the
endorsement of any notation of such Guarantee on the Notes. In case the officer, board member or director of such Guarantor whose signature is on this Indenture or supplemental indenture, as applicable, no longer holds such or any office at the time
the Trustee authenticates any Note, the Guarantee shall be valid nevertheless. 

(b) The delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after the
authentication thereof hereunder, shall constitute due delivery of the Guarantee set forth in this Indenture on behalf of the Guarantors. 

Section 7.03 Severability. In case any provision of any Guarantee shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 7.04
Limitation of Guarantors Liability. Each Guarantor and by its acceptance hereof each Holder confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee of such Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or
conveyance for purposes of the Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act 

114 

or any similar federal or state law or the provisions of its local law relating to fraudulent transfer or conveyance. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee, the Holders and the
Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of such Guarantor under its Guarantee and the related security granted as Collateral therefor (other than a company that is a direct or indirect parent of the Issuer) shall be limited to the
maximum amount that will not, after giving effect to all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor (including, without limitation, any guarantees under the ABL Credit Agreement) and after giving effect to any collections from, rights
to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under its Guarantee or the related security granted as Collateral therefor, result in the obligations of such
Guarantor under its Guarantee or the related security granted as Collateral therefor constituting a fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent preference or fraudulent transfer or otherwise reviewable under applicable law. 

Section 7.05 Releases. A Guarantor shall be automatically released from its Obligations under its Guarantee and this Indenture
(without the need for any action by any party) upon: 

(a) 

(i) any sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of such Guarantor (by merger, consolidation or otherwise) to a
Person that is not (either before or after giving effect to such transaction) the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary, if the sale or other disposition does not violate Section 6.06 of this Indenture; 

(ii) any sale, exchange or transfer (by merger, consolidation or otherwise) of all or a portion of the Equity Interests of such Guarantor
after which the applicable Guarantor is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary, which sale, exchange or transfer does not violate Section 6.06 of this Indenture; 

(iii) the proper designation of such Guarantor by the Issuer as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of this Indenture;

(iv) [reserved]; 

(v) if
the Issuer exercises its Legal Defeasance option or its Covenant Defeasance option pursuant to Section 11.02 or Section 11.03 or if its Obligations under this Indenture are discharged in accordance with Section 11.08; or 

(vi) liquidation or dissolution of such Guarantor; provided no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and 

(b) the Issuer delivering to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that all conditions precedent
provided for in this Indenture relating to the release of such Guarantors Guarantee have been complied with. 

(c) Upon the release
of any Guarantee in accordance with this Indenture, the Trustee shall execute any documents reasonably requested in order to evidence the release of the Guarantor from its obligations under its Guarantee. 

115 

Section 7.06 Benefits Acknowledged. Each Guarantor acknowledges that it will
receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by this Indenture and that its guarantee and waivers pursuant to its Guarantee are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. 

ARTICLE VIII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

Section 8.01 Events of Default. For so long as this Indenture remains outstanding, upon the occurrence and during the continuance
of any of the following events (each an Event of Default): 

(a) default shall be made in the payment of any principal of
any Notes (including any Notes required to be redeemed on a Quarterly Redemption Date) when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for redemption or repurchase thereof or by acceleration
thereof or otherwise; 

(b) default shall be made in the payment of any interest on any Note, fees or any other amount (other than an
amount referred to in clause (a) above) due under any Note Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days; 

(c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Group Member in any Note Document or any representation,
warranty, statement or information contained in any certificate furnished by or on behalf of any Group Member pursuant to any Note Document, shall prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect (or in any respect if such
representation, warranty, statement or information is qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect) when so made or deemed made, and such false or misleading representation, warranty, statement or information, to
the extent capable of being cured, shall continue to be false, misleading or otherwise unremedied, or shall not be waived, for a period of twenty (20) days after the earlier of (i) receipt of written notice thereof from the Trustee to the
Issuer or (ii) an Officer of the Issuer obtaining knowledge thereof; 

(d) default shall be made in the due observance or performance
by any Group Member of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Sections 5.04(a) or 5.05(a) (only with respect to legal existence in the Issuers state of organization), or in
Article VI; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, an Event of Default under this Section 8.01(d) resulting from a breach of Section 6.08(a) shall be subject
to cure pursuant to Section 8.10; 

(e) default shall be made in the due observance or performance by any Group
Member of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any Note Document other than those specified in clauses (a), (b) or (d) immediately above and such default shall continue unremedied or shall
not be waived for a period of thirty (30) days after receipt by the Issuer of written notice thereof from the Trustee to the Issuer; 

116 

(f) any Group Member shall fail to (i) pay any principal or interest due in respect of
any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) or Hedging Obligations, when and as the same shall become due and payable beyond any applicable grace period, or (ii) observe or perform any other term, covenant, condition or agreement contained in
any agreement or instrument evidencing or governing any such Indebtedness or Hedging Obligations, if the effect of any failure referred to in this clause (ii) is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such
Indebtedness of Hedging Obligations or a trustee or other representative on its or their behalf to cause (with or without the giving of notice (other than any notice required to start any grace period), but taking into account any applicable grace
periods or waivers), such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity, terminate, or become subject to a mandatory offer to purchase by the obligor; provided, that, this clause (ii) shall not apply to
secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the sale, transfer or other disposition (including as a result of a casualty or condemnation event) of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness (to the extent such sale, transfer or other
disposition is not prohibited under this Indenture and such Indebtedness is repaid in accordance with its terms); provided, further, that, no Event of Default shall occur pursuant to this clause (f) unless the
aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness or Hedging Obligations referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) exceeds $7,500,000 at any one time (provided, that, in the case of Hedging Obligations, the
amount counted for this purpose shall be the amount payable by all Group Members if such Hedging Obligations were terminated at such time; provided,further, that, such failure is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of
such Indebtedness); 

(g) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed in a court of competent
jurisdiction seeking (i) relief in respect of any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary), or of all or substantially all of the property of any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary), under Title 11 of the U.S.
Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law; (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for
any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) or for all or substantially of the property of any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary); or (iii) the winding-up or liquidation of
any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary); and such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; 

(h) any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding, or file any petition, seeking
relief under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law; (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in
a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or the filing of any petition described in clause (g) above; (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or
similar official for any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) or for a substantial part of the property of any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary); (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a
petition filed against it in any such proceeding; (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (vi) become unable, admit in writing its inability, or fail generally to, pay its debts as they become due; or (vii) take
any corporate (or equivalent) action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

(i) there is entered against any Note Party or
any Restricted Subsidiary (in each case other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $7,500,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance) and such
judgment or order shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending an appeal for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days; 

117 

(j) any material provision of any Note Document, at any time after its execution and
delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder (including as a result of a transaction permitted under Section 6.04 or Section 6.05) or solely as a result of
acts or omissions by the Trustee or any Holder not arising as a result of a breach of the Note Documents by any Group Member, or the satisfaction in full in cash of all of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations and
unasserted expense reimbursement obligations), ceases to be in full force and effect or, in the case of any Security Document, ceases to create a valid and perfected (A) first priority lien (subject to Permitted Liens) on the Notes Priority
Collateral covered thereby and (B) second priority lien (subject to Permitted Liens) on the ABL Priority Collateral covered thereby; or any material Guarantee for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder (including as a result of
a transaction permitted under Section 6.04 or Section 6.05) or solely as a result of acts or omissions by the Trustee or any Holder not arising as a result of a breach of the Note Documents by any
Group Member, or the satisfaction in full of all of the guaranteed obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations, unasserted expense reimbursement obligations), ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Note Party contests in
writing the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Note Document or any material Guarantee other than as a result of the express provisions hereof or thereof; or any Note Party contests in writing the validity or enforceability
of any material provision of an Intercreditor Agreement or subordination agreement; or any Note Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any material provision of any Note Document or any material Guarantee
(in each case, other than as a result of the express provisions hereof or thereof or repayment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations, unasserted expense reimbursement obligations)), or purports in
writing to revoke or rescind any material portion of any Note Document, the grant or assignment of any material security interest or any material Guarantee; or 

(k) there shall have occurred an ERISA Event that, when taken either alone or together with all such other ERISA Events, could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to a Note Party described in
clause (g) or (h) above), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Controlling Parties or the Trustee, with the prior consent of the Controlling Parties, may and at the request of the
Controlling Parties, shall, by notice to the Issuer, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times, subject to the terms of any applicable Intercreditor Agreement or subordination agreement declare the Notes then
outstanding to be forthwith due and payable immediately, whereupon the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of the Notes then outstanding to be due and payable immediately, together with any unpaid accrued
fees and all other Obligations of the Issuer accrued hereunder and under any other Note Document, shall become forthwith due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby
expressly waived by the Issuer and the Guarantors, anything contained herein or in any other Note Document to the contrary notwithstanding. If an Event of Default specified in clause (g) or (h) above occurs,
then all outstanding Notes shall become forthwith due and payable immediately, whereupon the 

118 

principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of the Notes then outstanding to be due and payable immediately, together with any unpaid accrued fees and all other
Obligations of the Issuer accrued hereunder and under any other Note Document, shall become forthwith due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the
Issuer and the Guarantors, anything contained herein or in any other Note Document to the contrary notwithstanding. 

If the Notes are
accelerated or otherwise become due prior to their stated maturity, in each case as a result of an Event of Default (including, but not limited to, an Event of Default specified in this Section 8.01 (including the
acceleration of any portion of the Obligations evidenced by the Notes by operation of law)), then the additional amount that shall then be due and payable on the Premium Effective Date shall be equal to the applicable redemption price (expressed as
a percentage of principal amount) in effect on the Premium Effective Date in accordance with the terms specified in clauses (a) and (b) of Section 3.07 hereof, as applicable, (the Redemption Price),
in each case, as if such acceleration gave rise to an optional redemption of the Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt an optional redemption made pursuant to the terms set forth in Section 3.07) so accelerated on
the Premium Effective Date. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that if the Notes are accelerated or otherwise become due prior to their stated maturity, in each case, as a result of an Event of Default
(including, but not limited to, an Event of Default specified in this Section 8.01 (including the acceleration of any portion of the Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes by operation of law)), the amount by which the
applicable Redemption Price exceeds the principal amount of the Notes (the Redemption Price Premium) with respect to an optional redemption of the Notes shall be due and payable as though the Notes had been optionally redeemed on
the Premium Effective Date and shall constitute part of the Obligations with respect to the Notes in view of the impracticability and difficulty of ascertaining actual damages and by mutual agreement of the parties as to a reasonable calculation of
lost profits of each of the holders of such Notes as a result thereof. The Redemption Price Premium shall be presumed to be liquidated damages sustained by each holder of Notes as the result of the payment or settlement of the Notes or a claim in a
proceeding described in this Section 8.01 in respect of the Notes, in each case arising out of the acceleration of the Notes, or in the event the Notes or this Indenture are satisfied, released or discharged through
foreclosure after acceleration of the Notes, whether by judicial proceeding, deed in lieu of foreclosure or by any other means (the date of such payment, settlement, satisfaction, release or discharge being the Premium Effective
Date). 

In the case of an Event of Default specified in Section 8.01(f) above, such Event of Default
and all consequences thereof will be annulled, waived and rescinded with respect to the Notes, automatically and without any action by the Trustee or the Holders, if within 30 days after such Event of Default first arose the Issuer delivers an
Officers Certificate stating that (a) the Indebtedness or Guarantee that is the basis for such Event of Default has been paid or discharged, (b) the holders of the Indebtedness have rescinded or waived the acceleration giving rise to
such Event of Default or (c) the default that is the basis for such Event of Default has been otherwise cured; provided, however, that in no event shall an acceleration of the principal amount of the Notes as described above be
annulled, waived or rescinded upon the happening of any such events. 

119 

After such acceleration, but before a judgment or decree based on acceleration, the
Controlling Parties may rescind and annul such acceleration and its consequences if: 

(1) the rescission would not conflict
with any judgment or decree; 

(2) all existing Events of Default have been cured or waived other than nonpayment of
accelerated principal and interest; 

(3) to the extent the payment of such interest is lawful, interest on overdue
installments of interest and overdue principal, which has become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration, has been paid; and 

(4) the Issuer has paid the Trustee and the Collateral Agent its reasonable compensation and reimbursed the Trustee and the
Collateral Agent for its reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances. 

No such rescission shall affect any subsequent Default or
impair any right consequent thereto. 

Without limiting the foregoing, any redemption, prepayment, repayment, or payment of the Obligations
in or in connection with an Insolvency Event shall constitute an optional prepayment thereof under the terms of Section 3.07 and require the immediate payment of the amounts set forth in
Section 3.07, in view of the impracticability and extreme difficulty of ascertaining actual damages and by mutual agreement of the parties as to a reasonable calculation of each Holders lost profits as a result
thereof. Any amount payable pursuant to Section 3.07 shall be presumed to be the liquidated damages sustained by each Holder as the result of the early repayment or prepayment of the Notes and the Issuer agrees that it is
reasonable under the circumstances currently existing. THE ISSUER EXPRESSLY WAIVES (TO THE FULLEST EXTENT THEY MAY LAWFULLY DO SO) THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING
PREMIUMS IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH ACCELERATION. The Issuer expressly agrees (to the fullest extent it may lawfully do so) that: (A) the amounts set forth in Section 3.07 are reasonable and are the product of an
arms length transaction between sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel; (B) the amounts set forth in Section 3.07 shall be payable notwithstanding the then prevailing market rates at the time
payment or redemption is made; (C) there has been a course of conduct between Holders and the Issuer giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the amounts set forth in Section 3.07 and
(D) the Issuer shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this paragraph. Each Note Party expressly acknowledges that its agreement to pay or guarantee the payment (as applicable) of the amounts set forth in
Section 3.07 to the Holders as herein described is a material inducement to Holders to make (or be deemed to make) the Notes hereunder. 

Section 8.02 Other Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may pursue any available remedy to
collect the payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of the Notes or this Indenture. The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes
or does not produce any of them in the proceeding. A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Holder in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in
the Event of Default. All remedies are cumulative to the extent permitted by law. 

120 

Section 8.03 Waiver of Past Defaults. Subject to
Section 12.02, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding by written notice to the Trustee and the Collateral Agent may, on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes, waive any
existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences under this Indenture except a continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes. Upon any such waiver, such Default shall
cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this Indenture. 

Section 8.04 Control by Majority. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may direct
the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee or the Collateral Agent or exercising any trust power conferred on them. However, (a) the Trustee or the Collateral Agent may refuse to
follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture, that may involve the Trustee or the Collateral Agent in personal liability, or that the Trustee or the Collateral Agent determines in good faith may be unduly prejudicial to the rights
of Holders not joining in the giving of such direction and (b) the Trustee or the Collateral Agent may take any other action it deems proper that is not inconsistent with any such direction received from the Holders. 

Section 8.05 Limitation on Suits. A Holder may pursue a remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes (subject to the
Intercreditor Agreement) only if: 

(a) the Holder gives to the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default; 

(b) the Controlling Parties make a written request to the Trustee to pursue the remedy; 

(c) such Holder or Holders offer the Trustee indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against any costs, liability or expense; 

(d) the Trustee does not comply with the request within 60 days after receipt of the request and the offer of indemnity; and 

(e) during such 60-day period, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the
outstanding Notes do not give the Trustee a direction that is inconsistent with the request. 

A Holder may not use this Indenture to
prejudice the rights of another Holder or to obtain a preference or priority over another Holder. 

Section 8.06 Rights of Holders
of Notes to Receive Payment. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, the contractual right of any Holder to receive payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, such Note or to bring suit for the enforcement of any
such payment, on or after the due date expressed in the Notes, shall not be modified without the consent of the Holder. 

121 

Section 8.07 Collection Suit by Trustee. If an Event of Default specified in
Section 8.01(a) or 8.01(b) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee is authorized to recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Issuer for the whole amount of principal of premium
and interest remaining unpaid on the Notes and interest on overdue principal and, to the extent lawful, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent, their agents and counsel. 

Section 8.08 Trustee May File Proofs
of Claim. The Trustee is authorized to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee and the Collateral Agent (including any claim for the reasonable
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent, their agents and counsel) and the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Issuer (or any other obligor upon the Notes), its creditors or its
property and shall be entitled and empowered to collect, receive and distribute any money or other securities or property payable or deliverable upon the conversion or exchange of the Notes or on any such claims, and any custodian in any such
judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it for the
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent, their agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee or Collateral Agent under Section 9.06. To the extent that the payment of any
such compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances to the Trustee, the Collateral Agent, their agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee or Collateral Agent under Section 9.06 out of the estate in any such proceeding, shall
be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a Lien on, and shall be paid out of any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Holders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding,
whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. Nothing in this Section 8.08 shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. 

Section 8.09 Application of Proceeds. Subject to the terms of any applicable Intercreditor Agreement, the proceeds received by the
Trustee or the Collateral Agent in respect of any sale of, collection from or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral or the Guarantees pursuant to the exercise by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, in
accordance with the terms of the Note Documents, of its remedies shall be applied, in full or in part, together with any other sums then held by the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Indenture, promptly by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent, as the
case may be, as follows: 

(a) first, to the payment of all reasonable and documented costs and expenses, fees, commissions and taxes
of such sale, collection or other realization including compensation to the Trustee, the Collateral Agent and their respective agents and counsel, and all expenses, liabilities and advances made or incurred by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent in
connection therewith and all amounts for which the Trustee or the Collateral Agent is entitled to indemnification pursuant to the provisions of any Note Document, together with interest on each such amount at the highest rate then in effect under
this Indenture from and after the date such amount is due, owing and unpaid until paid in full; 

122 

(b) second, to the payment of all other reasonable and documented costs and expenses
of such sale, collection or other realization including compensation to the other Secured Parties and their agents and counsel and all costs, liabilities and advances made or incurred by the other Secured Parties in connection therewith, together
with interest on each such amount at the highest rate then in effect under this Indenture from and after the date such amount is due, owing and unpaid until paid in full; 

(c) third, without duplication of amounts applied pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) above, to the
payment in full in cash, pro rata, of interest and other amounts constituting Obligations (other than principal and any premium thereon) equally and ratably in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and owing; 

(d) fourth, to the payment in full in cash, pro rata, of the principal amount of the Obligations and any premium thereon; and

(e) fifth, the balance, if any, to the person lawfully entitled thereto (including the applicable Note Party or its successors or
assigns) or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct. 

In the event that any such proceeds are insufficient to pay in full the
items described in the preceding sentences of this Section 8.09, the Note Parties shall remain liable, jointly and severally, for any deficiency. 

The Trustee may fix a record date and payment date for any payment to Holders pursuant to this Section 8.09. 

In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted
by it as the Trustee, a court in its discretion may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This Section 8.09 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by
a Holder pursuant to Section 8.06, or a suit by Holders of more than 10.0% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes. 

Section 8.10 Equity Cure. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 8.01, but subject to
Section 8.10(b), solely for the purpose of determining whether an Event of Default has occurred under the Financial Covenant set forth in Section 6.08(a) as of the end of and for any Test Period
ending on the last day of any fiscal quarter (such fiscal quarter, a Cure Quarter), the then existing direct or indirect equity holders of Issuer shall have the right to make an equity investment, directly or indirectly (which
equity contribution (whether direct or indirect) shall not 

123 

be Disqualified Capital Stock), in Issuer in cash on or prior to the fifteenth Business Day after the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to
Section 5.03(a) or 5.03(b), as applicable, with respect to such Cure Quarter or the fiscal year ending on the last day of such Cure Quarter, as applicable (the Cure Expiration Date), and such cash
will, if so designated by Issuer, be included in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA solely for purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.08(a) as of the end of and for the Test Period ending on the last day of
such Cure Quarter and any Test Periods ending on the last day of any of the subsequent three (3) fiscal quarters (any such equity contribution so included in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA, an Equity Cure
Contribution, and the amount of such Equity Cure Contribution, the Cure Amount); provided, that, such Equity Cure Contribution is Not Otherwise Applied (other than, for the avoidance of doubt pursuant to this
Section 8.10(a)). All Equity Cure Contributions shall be disregarded for all purposes of this Indenture other than inclusion in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA for the purpose of determining compliance with
Section 6.08(a) as of the end of and for the Test Period ending on the last day of such Cure Quarter and any Test Periods ending on the last day of any of the subsequent three (3) fiscal quarters, including being
disregarded for purposes of the determination of the Cumulative Amount and all components thereof and any baskets or other ratios with respect to the covenants contained in Article VI (other than
Section 6.08(a)). There shall be no pro forma reduction in Consolidated Total Indebtedness (by netting or otherwise) with the proceeds of any Equity Cure Contribution for determining compliance with
Section 6.08(a) as of and for the Test Period ending on the last day of the Cure Quarter or any Test Periods ending on the last day of any of the subsequent (3) three fiscal quarters; provided, that, such Equity
Cure Contribution shall reduce Consolidated Total Indebtedness in future fiscal quarters to the extent used to prepay any applicable Indebtedness. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 8.01,
(i) upon receipt of the Cure Amount by Issuer in no greater than the amount necessary to cause the Issuer to be in compliance with Section 6.08(a) as of the end of and for the Test Period ending on the last day of such
Cure Quarter, the Financial Covenant under Section 6.08(a) shall be deemed satisfied and complied with as of the end of and for such Test Period with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply with the
Financial Covenant under Section 6.08(a), and any Default or Event of Default related to any failure to comply with Section 6.08(a) shall be deemed not to have occurred for purposes of the Note
Documents, and (ii) upon receipt by the Trustee of a notice from the Issuer (Notice of Intent to Cure) and through the Cure Expiration Date: (A) none of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent or any Holder shall exercise any
of the remedial rights otherwise available to it upon an Event of Default, including the right to accelerate the Notes or to foreclose on the Collateral solely on the basis of an Event of Default having occurred as a result of a violation of
Section 6.08(a), unless the Equity Cure Contribution is not made on or before the Cure Expiration Date and (B) if the Equity Cure Contribution is not made on or before the Cure Expiration Date, the Trustee, the
Collateral Agent and any Holder may thereafter take any actions or remedies pursuant to this Indenture and the other Note Documents. 

(b)
There shall be no more than five (5) Equity Cure Contributions made during the term of this Indenture and no more than two (2) Equity Cure Contributions made during any four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters. No Equity Cure Contribution
shall be any greater than the minimum amount required for the Issuer to be in compliance with Section 6.08(a) in the applicable Cure Quarter. 

124 

ARTICLE IX 

THE TRUSTEE AND AGENTS 

Section 9.01 Duties of Trustee. 

(a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this
Indenture and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of his or her own affairs. 

(b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default: 

(i) the duties of the Trustee shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture, and the Trustee need perform only those
duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and 

(ii) the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon
certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein); provided, however,
the Trustee shall examine the certificates and opinions furnished to it to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture. 

(c) The Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful
misconduct, except that: 

(i) this paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this
Section 9.01; 

(ii) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a
Responsible Officer of the Trustee, unless it is proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; 

(iii) the
Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it pursuant to Section 8.04; and 

(iv) no provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or incur any liability. 

(d) The Trustee shall not be liable for interest on or the investment of any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing
with the Issuer. Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. 

(e)
Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to this Section 9.01. 

125 

(f) The Trustee agrees to accept and act upon facsimile, pdf or electronic transmission of
documents hereunder. 

Section 9.02 Rights of Trustee. 

(a) The Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting on any resolution, certificate,
statement, instrument., opinion, notice, report, request, direction, consent, order, judgment, bond, debenture or other document (whether in original or facsimile form) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper
Person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated therein. 

(b) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may
require an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. Prior to taking,
suffering or admitting any action, the Trustee may consult with counsel of the Trustees own choosing, and the Trustee shall be fully protected from liability in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and
in conclusive reliance on the advice or opinion of such counsel. 

(c) The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and shall not
be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any attorney or agent appointed with due care. 

(d) The Trustee shall not be liable for
any action it takes or omits to take in good faith that it believes to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture. 

(e) Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Issuer or a Guarantor shall be
sufficient if signed by an Officer of the Issuer or such Guarantor. 

(f) The Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the
rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders unless such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities
that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. 

(g) The Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation
into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or documents, but the Trustee,
in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine during normal business
hours the books, records and premises of the Issuer, personally or by agent or attorney at the sole cost of the Issuer, subject to execution of reasonable confidentiality agreements and attorney-client privilege, and shall incur no liability or
additional liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation. 

126 

(h) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee,
including, without limitation, its rights to be compensated and indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, the Collateral Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other Agents and each other
agent, custodian and Person employed to act hereunder; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to impose upon such person the duties or standard of care (including any prudent person standard) of the Trustee. 

(i) The Trustee may request that the Issuer and each of the Guarantors deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate setting forth the
names of individuals and/or titles of Officers of the Issuer and each Guarantor, as applicable, authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees on behalf of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors,
which certificate may be signed by any Person authorized to sign an Officers Certificate, including any Person specified as so authorized in any such certificate previously delivered and not superseded. 

(j) The Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice or be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible
Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge thereof or the Trustee shall have received from the Issuer or any other obligor upon the Notes or from any Holder written notice thereof at its address set forth in Section 13.02 and such notice
references the Notes and this Indenture and states that it is an notice of default. In the absence of such actual knowledge or such notice, the Trustee may conclusively assume that no such Default or Event of Default exists. 

(k) In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, punitive, or consequential loss or damage of any kind
whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(l) The Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the performance of its powers and duties hereunder. 

(m) The Trustee will be permitted to engage in other transactions; provided, however, that if it acquires any conflicting
interest, it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days or resign. 

(n) Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, the Issuer will
be responsible for making calculations called for under the Notes, including but not limited to determination of redemption price, premium, if any, and any other amounts payable on the Notes. The Issuer will make the calculations in good faith and,
absent manifest error, its calculations will be final and binding on the Holders of the Notes. The Issuer will provide a schedule of its calculations to the Trustee, upon request, when applicable, and the Trustee is entitled to rely conclusively on
the accuracy of the Issuers calculations without independent verification. 

(o) The Trustee shall not be liable for failure to
perform its duties if such failure is the result of another party to the Transaction Documents failing to perform its duties. 

Section 9.03 Individual Rights of the Trustee. The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee
of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. However, in the event that the Trustee acquires any conflicting interest, it must eliminate such conflict
within 90 days or resign. Any Agent may do the same with like rights and duties. The Trustee is also subject to Section 9.09. 

127 

Section 9.04 Trustees Disclaimer. The Trustee shall not be
responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture, the Notes or any Guarantee, it shall not be accountable for the use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Issuer or upon the
Issuers direction under any provision of this Indenture, it shall not be responsible for the use or application of any money received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee, and it shall not be responsible for any statement or recital
herein or any statement in the Notes, any Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee hereunder, or any other document in connection with the sale of the Notes or pursuant to this Indenture other than the Trustees certificate of
authentication hereunder. 

Section 9.05 Notice of Defaults. If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing and if
it is actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee shall deliver to Holders a notice of the Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs, unless such Default shall have been cured or waived. Except in the case of
a Default or Event of Default in payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Note, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as the Trustee in good faith determines that the withholding of such notice is in the interest of
the Holders. 

Section 9.06 Compensation and Indemnity. 

(a) The Issuer shall pay to the Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation for its acceptance of this Indenture and for all services
rendered by it hereunder as agreed upon in writing. The Trustees compensation shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuer shall reimburse the Trustee promptly upon request for all reasonable
disbursements, advances and expenses incurred or made by it in addition to the compensation for its services, except any such expense, disbursement or advance as may be attributable to its negligence or willful misconduct. Such expenses shall
include the reasonable compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustees agents and counsel. 

(b) Each of the Issuer and the
Guarantors, jointly and severally, shall indemnify the Trustee (which for purposes of this Section 9.06 shall include its officers, directors, employees, experts, attorneys and agents) and hold it harmless against any and
all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses incurred by it (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of its duties under
this Indenture or any other Note Document, the performance of its obligations and/or exercise of its rights hereunder or thereunder, including the costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the Issuer or any Guarantor (including this
Section 9.06) and defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Issuer or any Holder or any other Person) or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder,
except to the extent any such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense shall be caused by its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Trustee shall notify the Issuer promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity. Failure by the
Trustee to so notify the Issuer shall not relieve the Issuer of its obligations hereunder. In the event that defense of any such claim is assumed by the Issuer or a Guarantor, it shall be done so with the Trustees consent, and the Trustee may
have one separate counsel, and the Issuer shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel for the Trustee. The Issuer need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

128 

(c) The obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors under this
Section 9.06 shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the payment of the Notes or the resignation or removal of the Trustee. 

(d) To secure the Issuers payment obligations in this Section 9.06, the Trustee shall have a Lien prior to the
Notes on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal or interest, if any, on particular Notes. Such Lien shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the payment of the Notes
and the resignation or removal of the Trustee. 

(e) When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default
specified in Section 8.01(g) or 8.01(h) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services (including the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration
under any Debtor Relief Law. 

Section 9.07 Replacement of Trustee. A resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of
a successor Trustee shall become effective only upon the successor trustees acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section 9.07. 

The Trustee may resign in writing at any time and be discharged from the trust hereby created by so notifying the Issuer in writing. The
Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may remove the Trustee upon 30 days prior notice by so notifying the Trustee and the Issuer in writing. The Issuer may remove the Trustee if: 

(a) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 9.09; 

(b) the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any Debtor Relief
Law; 

(c) a receiver of the Trustee or of its property is appointed or any public officer takes charge or control of the Trustee or of its
property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation; or 

(d) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting. 

If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of the Trustee for any reason, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a
successor trustee. Within one year after the successor trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may appoint a successor trustee to replace the successor trustee appointed by the Issuer. 

If a successor trustee does not take office within 30 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, such retiring Trustee (at the
expense of the Issuer), the Issuer or the Holders of at least 10.0% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor trustee. 

129 

If the Trustee, after written request by any Holder who has been a Holder for at least six
months, fails to comply with Section 9.09, such Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor trustee. 

A successor trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Issuer. Thereupon, the
resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective, and the successor trustee shall have all the rights, powers and the duties of the Trustee under this Indenture. The successor trustee shall mail a notice of its succession to the
Holders. The retiring Trustee shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee; provided that all sums owing to such Trustee hereunder have been paid and subject to the Lien provided for in this
Section 9.07. Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 9.07, the Issuers and the Guarantors obligations under Section 9.07 shall
continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee. 

This Section 9.07 shall be applicable to the Collateral
Agent, as if references to the Trustee were references to the Collateral Agent. 

Section 9.08 Successor
Trustee by Merger, Etc. If the Trustee or any Agent consolidates, sells, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business (including this transaction) to, another corporation, the successor
corporation without any further act shall be the successor Trustee or any Agent, as applicable. 

Section 9.09 Eligibility;
Disqualification. There shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder that is a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States or of any state thereof that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust
powers and that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities. Such Trustee (or its parent) together with its affiliates shall at all times have a combined capital surplus of at least $50.0 million as set forth in its
most recent annual report of condition. 

Section 9.10 Appointment of Authenticating Agent. 

(a) At any time when any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Trustee may appoint an Authenticating Agent or Agents with respect to the Notes
which shall be authorized to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate the Notes and the Trustee shall give written notice of such appointment to all Holders of Notes, in the manner provided for in Section 13.02. Notes
so authenticated shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture and shall be valid and obligatory for all purposes as if authenticated by the Trustee hereunder. Any such appointment shall be evidenced by an instrument in writing signed by the
Trustee, and a copy of such instrument shall be promptly furnished to the Issuer. Wherever reference is made in this Indenture to the authentication and delivery of Notes by the Trustee or the Trustees certificate of authentication, such
reference shall be deemed to include authentication and delivery on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent. 

130 

(b) Each Authenticating Agent shall be reasonably acceptable to the Issuer and shall at all
times be a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, authorized under such laws to act as Authenticating Agent, having a combined capital and surplus of at
least $50.0 million and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. If such corporation publishes or files reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of said supervising or examining
authority, then for the purposes of this Section 9.10, the combined capital and surplus of such corporation shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so
published or filed. If at any time an Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified in this
Section 9.10. 

(c) Any corporation into which an Authenticating Agent may be merged or converted or with which
it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which such Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to the corporate agency or corporate trust business of an
Authenticating Agent, shall continue to be an Authenticating Agent, provided such corporation shall be otherwise eligible under this Section, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the Trustee or the
Authenticating Agent. 

(d) An Authenticating Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Trustee and to the
Issuer. The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of an Authenticating Agent by giving written notice thereof to such Authenticating Agent and to the Issuer. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case
at any time such Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, the Trustee may appoint a successor Authenticating Agent which shall be acceptable to the Issuer and shall give written notice of
such appointment to all Holders of Notes, in the manner provided for in this Section 9.10. Any successor Authenticating Agent upon acceptance of its appointment hereunder shall become vested with all the rights, powers and duties of its
predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as an Authenticating Agent. No successor Authenticating Agent shall be appointed unless eligible under the provisions of this Section 9.10. 

(e) The Issuer agrees to pay to each Authenticating Agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services under this
Section 9.10. 

Section 9.11 The Calculation Agent. 

(a) The Issuer hereby appoints U.S. Bank as Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms of the Notes solely with respect to calculating the
amount of interest to be paid with respect to the Notes, including determining the Alternate Base Rate and the Term SOFR, in the manner and at the times provided in the Notes and Indenture, and U.S. Bank hereby accepts such appointment. 

(b) The Calculation Agent shall not be under any duty to succeed to, assume or otherwise perform any of the duties of the Issuer or its
designee, or to appoint a successor or replacement designee in the event of its resignation or removal, or to remove and replace the Issuers designee in the event of a default, breach or failure of performance on the part of the designee with
respect to its duties and obligations under the terms of this Indenture and the Notes. In the event that the Calculation Agent has determined (and notified the Issuer or its designee that), or has been notified that, the current designated benchmark
is not or will not be available on an 

131 

Interest Payment Determination Date, then unless the Calculation Agent is notified of a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the provisions of the terms of this Indenture and the Notes at
least one U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent shall use the interest rate in effect for the immediately prior interest period. 

(c) In acting under this Agreement, the Calculation Agent (in its capacity as such) does not assume any obligation toward, or any relationship
of agency or trust for or with the Holders of the Notes. 

(d) The Calculation Agent shall have no liability for any interest rate
published by any publication that is the source for determining the interest rates of the Notes, or for any rates published on any publicly available source, including without limitation the SOFR Administrators Website, or in any of the
foregoing cases for any delay, error or inaccuracy in the publication of any such, or for any subsequent correction or adjustment thereto. 

(e) If the Calculation Agent receives any certificate, statement, request, notice, advice, instruction, direction or other agreement or
instrument from the Issuer or its designee, or any other party with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder which, in the Calculation Agents reasonable and good faith opinion, is in conflict with any of the provisions of this
Agreement, or is advised that a dispute has arisen with respect to any part of this Agreement as between the Issuer and the holders of the Notes, the Calculation Agent may, without liability to any person, refrain from taking any action until such
conflict or dispute is resolved to the satisfaction of the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent shall be under no duty to institute or defend any legal proceedings. The Calculation Agent, in its individual or in any other capacity, may become
interested in any financial or other transaction with the Issuer as freely as if it were not the Calculation Agent. 

(f) The Calculation
Agent may at any time resign as Calculation Agent by giving written notice to the Issuer of such intention on its part, specifying the date on which its desired resignation shall become effective; provided that such notice shall be given not less
than 30 days prior to the said effective date unless the Issuer otherwise agrees in writing. The Calculation Agent may be removed by the Issuer giving notice in writing signed by the Issuer specifying such removal and the date when it shall become
effective. Upon receipt of such notice of resignation or the giving of such notice of removal, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor Calculation Agent (which may be the Issuer, an affiliate or another person which is a bank, trust company,
investment banking firm or other financial institution), which appointment shall take effect prior to the effective date of such resignation or removal. If no successor shall have been so appointed and have accepted appointment within 30 days after
the giving of such notice of resignation or removal, the resignation of the Calculation Agent shall be automatically effective, and the Issuer shall be the Calculation Agent. Any successor Calculation Agent appointed hereunder shall execute and
deliver to its predecessor and the Issuer an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon such successor Calculation Agent, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the authority, rights, powers,
immunities, duties and obligations of such predecessor with like effect as if originally named as the Calculation Agent hereunder, and such predecessor shall thereupon become obliged to transfer and deliver, and such successor Calculation Agent
shall be entitled to receive, copies of any relevant records maintained 

132 

by such predecessor Calculation Agent. Any business entity into which the Calculation Agent may be merged or converted or consolidated or any business entity resulting from any merger, conversion
or consolidation to which the Calculation Agent shall be a party, or any corporation to which the Calculation Agent shall sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all the corporate trust assets and business of the Calculation Agent, shall, to
the extent permitted by applicable law, be the successor Calculation Agent under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. Notice of any such merger, conversion or
consolidation shall forthwith be given to the Issuer. 

ARTICLE X 

COLLATERAL 

Section 10.01 The Collateral. 

(a) The Issuer and the Guarantors hereby appoint U.S. Bank to act as Collateral Agent, and each Holder, by its acceptance of any Notes and the
Guarantees thereof, irrevocably consents and agrees to such appointment. The Collateral Agent shall have the privileges, powers, indemnities and immunities as set forth in this Indenture and the Security Documents. Notwithstanding any provision to
the contrary contained elsewhere in this Indenture or the Security Documents, the duties of the Collateral Agent shall be ministerial and administrative in nature, and the Collateral Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those
expressly set forth herein and in the Security Documents to which the Collateral Agent is a party, nor shall the Collateral Agent have or be deemed to have any trust or other fiduciary relationship with the Trustee, any Holder, the Issuer or any
Guarantor, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Indenture or the Security Documents or otherwise exist against the Collateral Agent. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent in this Indenture with reference to the Collateral Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable
law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. From and after the Closing Date, the due and punctual payment of
the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes and the Guarantees thereof when and as the same shall be due and payable, whether on an Interest Payment Date, at maturity, by acceleration, repurchase, redemption or otherwise, interest
on the overdue principal of and interest (to the extent permitted by law), if any, on the Notes and the Guarantees thereof and performance of all other obligations under this Indenture, including, without limitation, the obligations of the Issuer
set forth in Section 9.06 and Section 11.05 herein, and the Notes and the Guarantees thereof and the Security Documents, shall be secured by (i) first-priority Liens and security interests on
the Notes Priority Collateral and (ii) second-priority Liens and security interests on the ABL Priority Collateral (in each case subject to Permitted Liens), as and to the extent provided in the Security Documents, which the Issuer and the
Guarantors, as the case may be, will enter into on the Closing Date, including the Security Agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit G hereto and the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement substantially in the form
attached as Exhibit H hereto, and at such time, will be secured pursuant to the Security Documents hereafter delivered as required or permitted by this Indenture and the Security Documents. The Collateral will also secure
the Issuers and the Guarantors Obligations under the ABL Credit Agreement and any Permitted Additional Debt that is secured on a basis pari passu with the Obligations as provided 

133 

in the Intercreditor Agreements. The Issuer and the Guarantors hereby agree that the Collateral Agent shall hold the Collateral on behalf of and for the benefit of all of the Holders, the Trustee
and the Collateral Agent, in each case pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents, and the Collateral Agent and the Trustee are hereby directed and authorized by the Holders to execute and deliver the Security Agreement, including the exhibits
thereto, the Intercreditor Agreement and the other Security Documents to which they are a party. 

(b) Each Holder, by its acceptance of
any Notes and the Guarantees thereof, irrevocably consents and agrees to the terms of the Security Documents (including, without limitation, the provisions providing for foreclosure and release of Collateral) as the same may be in effect or may be
amended from time to time in accordance with their terms, agrees to the appointment of the Collateral Agent and authorizes and directs the Collateral Agent (i) to enter into the Security Documents to which it is a party (including, without
limitation, the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement), whether executed on or after the Closing Date, and perform its obligations and exercise its rights, powers and discretions under the Security Documents in accordance therewith, (ii) make the
representations of the Holders set forth in the Security Documents (including, without limitation, the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement), and (iii) bind the Holders on the terms as set forth in the Security Documents (including, without
limitation, the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement). 

(c) The Trustee, the Collateral Agent and each Holder, by accepting the Notes and the
Guarantees thereof acknowledges that, as more fully set forth in the Security Documents, the Collateral as now or hereafter constituted shall be held for the benefit of all the Holders, the Collateral Agent and the Trustee, and that the Lien of this
Indenture and the Security Documents in respect of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent and the Holders is subject to and qualified and limited in all respects by the Security Documents and actions that may be taken thereunder. 

Section 10.02 Maintenance of Collateral; Further Assurances. The Issuer and the Guarantors shall maintain the Collateral that is
material to the conduct of their respective businesses in good, safe and insurable operating order, condition and repair (ordinary wear and tear excepted). The Issuer and the Guarantors shall pay all real estate and other taxes (except such as are
contested in good faith and by appropriate negotiations or proceedings), and maintain in full force and effect all material permits and insurance in amounts that insures against such losses and risks as are reasonable for the type and size of the
business of the Issuer and the Guarantors, except, in each case, where the failure to effect such payment or maintain such permits or insurance coverages is not adverse in any material respect to the Holders. 

Section 10.03 Release of Liens on the Collateral. 

(a) The Liens on the Collateral securing the Notes will automatically and without the need for any further action by any Person be released:

(i) in whole , upon payment in full of the principal of, accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any, on the Notes; 

134 

(ii) in whole upon: 

(A) a Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance as set forth in Article XI hereof; or 

(B) the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture as set forth in Section 11.08; 

(iii) in part, as to any property constituting Collateral that (a) is sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by the Issuer or any
Guarantor (other than to the Issuer or another Guarantor) in a transaction not prohibited by this Indenture or the Security Documents at the time of such sale, transfer or disposition or (b) is owned or at any time acquired by a Guarantor that
has been released from its Guarantee in accordance with this Indenture, concurrently with the release of such Guarantee (including in connection with the designation of a Guarantor as an Unrestricted Subsidiary); 

(iv) in whole or in part, as applicable, in accordance with the provisions in Article XII; 

(v) in part, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement; or 

(vi) in whole or in part, as applicable, as to all or any part of the Collateral that has been taken by eminent domain, condemnation or other
similar circumstances, 

provided that, in the case of any release in whole pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (iv) above, all amounts owing to
the Trustee and the Collateral Agent under this Indenture, the Notes, the Guarantees, the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement have been paid in full. 

(b) To the extent a proposed release of Collateral is not automatic and requires action by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent, the Issuer and
each Guarantor will furnish to the Trustee and the Collateral Agent, prior to each proposed release of such Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents and this Indenture, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel that all conditions
precedent provided for in this Indenture and the Security Documents relating to such release have been complied with 

(c) Upon compliance
by the Issuer or the Guarantors, as the case may be, with the conditions precedent set forth above, the Trustee or the Collateral Agent shall promptly cause to be released and reconveyed (at the expense of the Issuer or the Guarantors) to the Issuer
or the Guarantors, as the case may be, the released Collateral. 

Section 10.04 Authorization of Actions to be Taken by the Trustee
or the Collateral Agent Under the Security Documents. 

(a) Subject to the provisions of the Security Documents, each of the Trustee or
the Collateral Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Holders, on behalf of the Holders, take all actions it deems necessary or appropriate in order to (i) enforce any of its rights or
any of the rights of the Holders under the Security 

135 

Documents and (ii) collect and receive any and all amounts payable in respect of the Collateral in respect of the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors hereunder and thereunder.
Subject to the provisions of the Security Documents, the Trustee or the Collateral Agent shall have the power to institute and to maintain such suits and proceedings as it may deem expedient to prevent any impairment of the Collateral by any acts
that may be unlawful or in violation of the Security Documents or this Indenture, and such suits and proceedings as the Trustee or the Collateral Agent may deem expedient to preserve or protect its interest and the interests of the Holders in the
Collateral (including power to institute and maintain suits or proceedings to restrain the enforcement of or compliance with any legislative or other governmental enactment, rule or order that may be unconstitutional or otherwise invalid if the
enforcement of, or compliance with, such enactment, rule or order would impair the security interest hereunder or be prejudicial to the interests of the Holders or the Trustee). 

(b) Except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 4.4 of the Security Agreement, neither the Trustee nor the
Collateral Agent shall be responsible for, nor do they make any representation regarding, the existence, genuineness or value of any of the Collateral or for the validity, perfection, priority or enforceability of the Liens in any of the Collateral,
whether impaired by operation of law or by reason of any action or omission to act on its part hereunder, for the validity or sufficiency of the Collateral or any agreement or assignment contained therein, for the validity of the title of the Issuer
to the Collateral, for insuring the Collateral or for the payment of taxes, charges, assessments or Liens upon the Collateral or otherwise as to the maintenance of the Collateral. Neither the Trustee nor the Collateral Agent shall have any
responsibility for recording, filing, re-recording or re-filing any financing statement, continuation statement, document, instrument or other notice in any public
office at any time or times or to otherwise take any action to perfect or maintain the perfection of any security interest granted to it under the Security Documents or otherwise. 

(c) Where any provision of this Indenture requires that additional property or assets be added to the Collateral and a security interest with
respect to such property or assets would not be created or perfected without preparation and execution of additional documentation, the Issuer and each Guarantor shall deliver to the Trustee or the Collateral Agent the following: 

(i) a request from the Issuer that such Collateral be added; 

(ii) the form of instrument adding such Collateral, which, based on the type and location of the property subject thereto, shall be in
substantially the form of the applicable Security Documents entered into on the Closing Date, with such changes thereto as the Issuer shall consider appropriate, or in such other form as the Issuer shall deem proper; provided that any such
changes or such form are administratively satisfactory to the Trustee and the Collateral Agent; and 

(iii) such financing statements, if
any, as the Issuer shall deem necessary to perfect the Collateral Agents security interest in such Collateral. 

(d) The Trustee and
the Collateral Agent, in giving any consent or approval under the Security Documents or in executing any Security Documents or any Intercreditor Agreement (other than any Intercreditor Agreement executed on the Closing Date), shall be entitled to
receive, as a condition to such consent or approval or to executing such document in the 

136 

case of a request to execute a Security Document or an Intercreditor Agreement, a request of the Issuer and, in all cases, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect
that all conditions precedent specified in this Indenture with respect to the action or omission for which consent or approval is to be given have been satisfied or that such action or omission for which consent or approval is not being given does
not violate this Indenture, and the Trustee and the Collateral Agent shall be fully protected in giving such consent or approval on the basis of such certificate and Opinion of Counsel. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary herein, whenever reference is made in this Indenture or any Security Document to any
discretionary action by, consent, designation, specification, requirement or approval of, notice, request or other communication from, or other direction given or action to be undertaken or to be (or not to be) suffered or omitted by the Collateral
Agent or to any election, decision, opinion, acceptance, use of judgment, expression of satisfaction or other exercise of discretion, rights or remedies to be made (or not to be made) by the Collateral Agent, it is understood that in all cases the
Collateral Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any such action under this Indenture if it shall not have received such written instruction, advice or concurrence of the requisite percentage of Holders or from the Trustee
(acting at the direction of the requisite percentage of Holders and otherwise in accordance with this Indenture, Intercreditor Agreements and other Security Documents), and such indemnity from the Holders as it deems appropriate. This provision is
intended solely for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and its successors and permitted assigns and is not intended to and will not entitle the other parties hereto to any defense, claim or counterclaim, or confer any rights or benefits on any
party hereto. 

Section 10.05 Notes Collateral Account. 

(a) The Trustee is authorized to receive any funds for the benefit of the Holders distributed under, and in accordance with, the Security
Documents, and to make further distributions of such funds to the Holders according to the provisions of this Indenture, the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement. 

(b) The Issuer shall establish upon the first Asset Sale of Notes Priority Collateral, with the Collateral Agent the Notes Collateral Account,
which shall at all times hereafter until this Indenture shall have terminated, be maintained with, and under the control of, the Collateral Agent. The Net Cash Proceeds from any Asset Sale of Notes Priority Collateral shall be deposited in such
Notes Collateral Account pending distribution in accordance with Section 3.08(a) of this Indenture. 

Section 10.06 Information Regarding Collateral. 

(a) The Issuer shall furnish to the Collateral Agent, with respect to the Issuer or any Guarantor, promptly (and in any event within no more
than thirty days of such change) written notice of any change in such Persons (i) legal name, (ii) jurisdiction of organization or formation, (iii) identity or corporate structure or (iv) legal identification number. The
Issuer and the Guarantors will take all necessary action so that the Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Indenture and/or the Security Documents is perfected with the same priority as immediately prior to such change to the extent
required by this Indenture and/or the Security Documents. The Issuer shall also promptly notify the Collateral Agent if any material portion of the Collateral is damaged, destroyed or condemned. 

137 

(b) Each year, within 120 days after the end of the preceding fiscal year, the Issuer shall
deliver to each of the Trustee and the Collateral Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Issuer setting forth the information required pursuant to the schedules required by this Indenture and/or the Security Documents or confirming that
there has been no change in such information since the date of the prior annual certification. 

Section 10.07 Regarding the
Collateral Agent. 

(a) The Collateral Agent is authorized and empowered to appoint one or more subagents or co-collateral agents as it deems necessary or appropriate. 

(b) Except as otherwise expressly set forth
in Section 4.4 of the Security Agreement, neither the Trustee nor the Collateral Agent shall have any obligation whatsoever to the Trustee or any of the Holders to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by any Note Party or is cared for,
protected, or insured or has been encumbered, or that the Collateral Agents Liens have been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected, maintained or enforced or are entitled to any particular priority, or to determine
whether all of the Issuers or any Guarantors property constituting collateral intended to be subject to the Lien and security interest of the Security Documents has been properly and completely listed or delivered, as the case maybe, or
the genuineness, validity, marketability or sufficiency thereof or title thereto, or to exercise at all or in any particular manner or under any duty of care, disclosure, or fidelity, or to continue exercising, any of the rights, authorities, and
powers granted or available to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Indenture or any Security Document other than pursuant to the instructions of the Trustee or the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes or as otherwise
provided in the Security Documents. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Indenture or the Security Documents,
in the event the Collateral Agent is entitled or required to commence an action to foreclose or otherwise exercise its remedies to acquire control or possession of the Collateral, the Collateral Agent shall not be required to commence any such
action or exercise any remedy or to inspect or conduct any studies of any property under the mortgages or take any such other action if the Collateral Agent has determined that the Collateral Agent may incur personal liability as a result of the
presence at, or release on or from, the Collateral or such property, of any hazardous substances. The Collateral Agent shall at any time be entitled to cease taking any action described in this clause if it no longer reasonably deems any indemnity,
security or undertaking from the Issuer or the Holders to be sufficient. 

(d) The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for (i) any
action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with this Indenture and the Security Documents or instrument referred to herein or therein, except to the extent that any of the foregoing are found by a final,
non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, and (ii) interest on any money received by it except as the Collateral
Agent may agree in writing with the Issuer (and money held in trust by the Collateral Agent shall be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law). 

138 

(e) The Collateral Agent shall exercise reasonable care in the custody of any Collateral in
its possession or control or in the possession or control of any agent or bailee or any income thereon. The Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody of Collateral in its possession if the Collateral is
accorded treatment substantially equal to that which it accords similar property held for its own benefit and shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or diminution in value of any of the Collateral, including, without limitation, by reason
of the act or omission of any carrier, forwarding agency or other agent or bailee selected by the Collateral Agent in good faith. 

(f) The
parties hereto and the Holders hereby agree and acknowledge that neither the Collateral Agent nor the Trustee shall assume, be responsible for or otherwise be obligated for any liabilities, claims, causes of action, suits, losses, allegations,
requests, demands, penalties, fines, settlements, damages (including foreseeable and unforeseeable), judgments, expenses and costs (including but not limited to, any remediation, corrective action, response, removal or remedial action, or
investigation, operations and maintenance or monitoring costs, for personal injury or property damages, real or personal) of any kind whatsoever, pursuant to any environmental law as a result of this Indenture, the Security Documents or any actions
taken pursuant hereto or thereto. Further, the parties hereto and the Holders hereby agree and acknowledge that in the exercise of its rights under this Indenture and the Security Documents, the Collateral Agent or the Trustee may hold or obtain
indicia of ownership primarily to protect the security interest of the Collateral Agent or the Trustee in the Collateral and that any such actions taken by the Collateral Agent or the Trustee shall not be construed as or otherwise constitute any
participation in the management of such Collateral. In the event that the Collateral Agent or the Trustee is required to acquire title to an asset for any reason, or take any managerial action of any kind in regard thereto, which in the Collateral
Agents or the Trustees sole discretion may cause the Collateral Agent or the Trustee to be considered an owner or operator under the provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
(CERCLA), 42 U.S.C. 9601, et seq., or otherwise cause the Collateral Agent or the Trustee to incur liability under CERCLA or any other federal, state or local law, the Collateral Agent and the Trustee reserves the right,
instead of taking such action, to either resign as the Collateral Agent or the Trustee or arrange for the transfer of the title or control of the asset to a court-appointed receiver. Neither the Collateral Agent nor the Trustee shall be liable to
the Issuer, the Guarantors or any other Person for any environmental claims or contribution actions under any federal, state or local law, rule or regulation by reason of the Collateral Agents or the Trustees actions and conduct as
authorized, empowered and directed hereunder or relating to the discharge, release or threatened release of hazardous materials into the environment. If at any time it is necessary or advisable for property to be possessed, owned, operated or
managed by any Person (including the Collateral Agent or the Trustee) other than the Issuer or the Guarantors, subject to the terms of the Security Documents, a majority in interest of Holders shall direct the Collateral Agent or the Trustee to
appoint an appropriately qualified Person (excluding the Collateral Agent or the Trustee) whom it shall designate to possess, own, operate or manage, as the case may be, such property. 

(g) For the avoidance of doubt, the rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Collateral Agent hereunder,
including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified prior to taking action, shall survive the satisfaction, discharge or termination of this Indenture or earlier termination, resignation or removal of the Collateral Agent or the Trustee, in
such capacity, with respect to the holders of the ABL Priority Collateral , as applicable, to the extent the Security Documents remain in force thereafter. 

139 

ARTICLE XI 

DEFEASANCE; DISCHARGE OF THIS INDENTURE 

Section 11.01 Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. The Issuer may, by delivery of an Officers
Certificate, at any time, elect to have either Section 11.02 or Section 11.03 applied to all outstanding Notes upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article XI. 

Section 11.02 Legal Defeasance. Upon the Issuers exercise under Section 11.01 of the option
applicable to this Section 11.02, the Issuer shall, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 11.04, be deemed to have been discharged from its obligations with respect to
all outstanding Notes on the date the conditions set forth below are satisfied (hereinafter, Legal Defeasance). For this purpose, Legal Defeasance means that the Issuer and the Guarantors shall be deemed to have paid and
discharged the entire Obligations represented by the Notes and the Guarantees, which shall thereafter be deemed to be outstanding only for the purposes of Section 11.05 and the other Sections of this Indenture referred to
in clauses (a) and (b) below, and to have satisfied all of its other Obligations under such Notes, Guarantees and this Indenture (and the Trustee, on written demand of and at the expense of the Issuer, shall execute instruments acknowledging
the same), and this Indenture shall cease to be of further effect as to all such Notes and Guarantees, except for the following provisions which shall survive until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder: (a) the rights of Holders of
outstanding Notes to receive payments in respect of the principal of, and interest and premium, if any, on such Notes when such payments are due from the trust funds referred to in Section 11.04(b)(i) (but not a Change of
Control Offer or the payment pursuant to an Asset Sale or Debt Issuance); (b) the Issuers obligations with respect to such Notes under Section 2.02, Section 2.03,
Section 2.04, Section 2.08, Section 2.11, and Section 5.02; (c) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee, including
without limitation thereunder, under Section 9.06, Section 11.05 and Section 11.07 and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors in connection therewith; and
(d) the provisions of this Article XI. 

Subject to compliance with this Article XI, the Issuer may exercise its option
under this Section 11.02 notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option under Section 11.03. If the Issuer exercises the Legal Defeasance option, the Liens on the Collateral will be released and
the Guarantees in effect at such time will automatically be released. 

Section 11.03 Covenant Defeasance. Upon the
Issuers exercise under Section 11.01 above of the option applicable to this Section 11.03, the Issuer shall, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in
Section 11.04 below, be released from its obligations under Section 5.03, Section 5.04, Section 5.06, Section 5.07,
Section 5.08, Section 5.09, Section 5.12, Section 5.13, Section 5.14, Section 5.17,
Section 6.01, Section 6.02, Section 6.03, Section 6.04, Section 6.05, Section 6.06,
Section 6.07, Section 6.08, Section 6.09, Section 6.10, Section 6.12 and Section 6.13 on and
after the date the conditions set forth below are satisfied (hereinafter, Covenant Defeasance), and the Notes shall thereafter be deemed not outstanding for the purposes of any direction, waiver, consent or declaration or act of
Holders (and the consequences of any thereof) in connection with such covenants, but shall continue to be deemed 

140 

outstanding for all other purposes hereunder (it being understood that such Notes shall not be deemed outstanding for accounting purposes). For this purpose, Covenant Defeasance means that, with
respect to the outstanding Notes, the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may omit to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of
any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by reason of any reference in any such covenant to any other provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default under
Section 8.01, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Notes shall be unaffected thereby. 

If the
Issuer exercises the Covenant Defeasance option, the Liens on the Collateral in respect of the Notes and the Guarantees will be released and the Guarantees in effect at such time will automatically be released. 

Section 11.04 Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance. The following shall be the conditions to the application of either
Section 11.02 or Section 11.03 to the outstanding Notes: 

(a) the Issuer must
irrevocably deposit with the Trustee, as trust funds, in trust solely for the benefit of the Holders, U.S. legal tender, U.S. Government Obligations or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient (without consideration of any
reinvestment of interest) to pay the principal of and interest and premium, if any, on the outstanding Notes on the stated date for payment thereof or on the applicable redemption date, as the case may be; 

(b) in the case of Legal Defeasance, the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel in the United States reasonably
acceptable to the Trustee confirming that: 

(i) the Issuer has received from, or there has been published by, the United States Internal
Revenue Service a ruling, or 

(ii) since the Closing Date, there has been a change in the applicable U.S. federal income tax law, 

in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, the beneficial owners of the outstanding Notes will not
recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the Legal Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such
Legal Defeasance had not occurred; 

(c) in the case of Covenant Defeasance, the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of
Counsel in the United States reasonably acceptable to the Trustee confirming that the beneficial owners of the outstanding Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the Covenant Defeasance and
will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred; 

141 

(d) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit (other than
a Default resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit (and any similar concurrent deposit relates to other Indebtedness) and the grant of any Lien securing such borrowings); 

(e) the Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under any other material
agreement or instrument (other than this Indenture and the agreements governing any other Indebtedness being defeased, discharged or replaced) to which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Issuer or any of its
Subsidiaries is bound or, if such breach, violation or default would occur, such breach, violation or default is waived as of and for all purposes, on and after, the date of such deposit; and 

(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the conditions
precedent provided for in clauses (a) through (e) of this Section 11.04 have been complied with; provided that the opinion with respect to the condition in clause (e) may be limited to
a review of instruments certified by an Officer as being the only material instruments of the Issuer. 

Section 11.05 Deposited
Money and U.S. Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust, Other Miscellaneous Provisions. 

(a) Subject to
Section 11.06, all U.S. legal tender and U.S. Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee (or other qualifying trustee, collectively for purposes of this
Section 11.05, the Deposit Trustee) pursuant to Section 11.04 or Section 11.08 in respect of the outstanding Notes shall be held in trust, shall not be
invested, and shall be applied by the Deposit Trustee in accordance with the provisions of such Notes and this Indenture to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Issuer or any Subsidiary acting as Paying Agent) as
the Deposit Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Notes of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent
required by law. 

(b) The Issuer shall pay and indemnify the Deposit Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed
against the cash or non-callable U.S. Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Section 11.04 or Section 11.08 or the principal and interest received in
respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of the outstanding Notes. 

(c)
Anything in this Article VIII to the contrary notwithstanding, the Deposit Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Issuer from time to time upon the written request of the Issuer and be relieved of all liability with respect to any U.S. legal tender or non-callable U.S. Government Obligations held by it as provided in Section 11.04 or Section 11.08 which are in excess of the amount thereof that would then be
required to be deposited to effect an equivalent Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance or satisfaction and discharge, as the case may be. 

142 

Section 11.06 Repayment to Issuer. Any money deposited with the Trustee or any
Paying Agent, or then held by the Issuer, in trust for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest, if any, on any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal and premium, if any, or interest has become due and
payable shall be paid to the Issuer on its written request or (if then held by the Issuer) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Issuer for payment
thereof; and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Issuer as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Trustee or such Paying Agent, before being
required to make any such repayment, may at the expense of the Issuer cause to be published once, in the New York Times and The Wall Street Journal (national edition), notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified
therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the date of such notification or publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then remaining shall be repaid to the Issuer. 

Section 11.07 Reinstatement. If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any U.S. dollars or U.S. Government Obligations in
accordance with Section 11.02, Section 11.03 or Section 11.08, as the case may be, by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining,
restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors under this Indenture and the Notes shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to
Section 11.02, Section 11.03 or Section 11.08 until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in accordance with
Section 11.02, Section 11.03 or Section 11.08, as the case may be; provided, however, that, if the Issuer makes any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest
on any Note following the reinstatement of its obligations, the Issuer shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money held by the Trustee or Paying Agent. 

Section 11.08 Discharge. This Indenture and the Security Documents will be discharged and will cease to be of further effect
(except as to rights of registration of transfer or exchange of Notes which shall survive until all Notes have been canceled and the rights, protections and immunities of the Trustee and the Collateral Agent) as to all outstanding Notes and security
granted for the Notes and the Guarantees when either: 

(a) all the Notes that have been authenticated and delivered (except lost, stolen or
destroyed Notes which have been replaced or paid and Notes for whose payment money has been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Issuer and thereafter repaid to the Issuer or discharged from this trust), have been delivered to
the Trustee for cancellation; or 

(b) 

(i) all Notes not delivered to the Trustee for cancellation otherwise (A) have become due and payable, (B) will become due and
payable within one year or (C) have been called for redemption pursuant to Section 3.07 and, in any case, the Issuer has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust solely
for the benefit of the Holders, U.S. legal tender, U.S. Government Obligations or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient (without consideration of any reinvestment of interest) to pay and discharge the entire Indebtedness
(including all principal and accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any) on the Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation (provided that if such redemption is made as provided under
Section 3.07, (x) the amount of cash in U.S. 

143 

dollars, U.S. Government Obligations, or a combination thereof, that must be irrevocably deposited will be determined using an assumed redemption price calculated as of the date of such deposit
and (y) the depositor must irrevocably deposit or cause to be deposited additional money in trust on the redemption date as necessary to pay the redemption price as determined by such date) (any such amount, the Call Premium
Deficit) (it being understood that any satisfaction and discharge shall be subject to the condition subsequent that such Call Premium Deficit is in fact paid); provided that the Trustee shall have no liability whatsoever in the
event that such Call Premium Deficit is not in fact paid after any satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and that any Call Premium Deficit will be set forth in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee simultaneously with the
deposit of such Call Premium Deficit that confirms that such Call Premium Deficit will be applied toward such redemption; 

(ii) the
Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable by it under this Indenture; and 

(iii) the Issuer has delivered irrevocable
instructions to the Trustee under this Indenture to apply the deposited money toward the payment of the Notes at maturity or on the date of redemption, as the case may be. 

In addition, the Issuer must deliver an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee stating that all conditions
precedent to satisfaction and discharge have been complied with. Upon the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, all Liens on the Collateral securing the Notes and all Guarantees then in effect will be automatically released (without the need
for any action by any party), and the Trustee and Collateral Agent shall execute acknowledgements thereof upon the reasonable request of the Issuer. 

After the Notes are no longer outstanding, the Issuers and the Guarantors obligations in Section 9.06,
Section 11.05 and Section 11.07 shall survive any discharge pursuant to this Section 11.08. 

After such delivery or irrevocable deposit and receipt of the Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel, the Trustee, upon written
request, shall acknowledge in writing the discharge of the Issuers obligations under the Notes and this Indenture except for those surviving obligations specified above. 

ARTICLE XII 

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 

Section 12.01 Without Consent of Holders of the Notes. 

(a) Notwithstanding Section 12.02, without the consent of any Holders, the Issuer, the Trustee and the Collateral
Agent and the Calculation Agent, as applicable, at any time and from time to time, may amend or supplement this Indenture, the Guarantees, the Notes or any Security Document or Intercreditor Agreement issued hereunder for any of the following
purposes: 

(i) to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency; 

144 

(ii) to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes;

(iii) [reserved]; 

(iv)
to add any Guarantee or Guarantor or to effect the release of any Guarantor from any of its obligations under its Guarantee or the provisions of this Indenture (to the extent in accordance with this Indenture); 

(v) to make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders or that does not materially adversely affect the
rights of any Holder; 

(vi) to add covenants or Events of Default for the benefit of the Holders or to surrender any right or power
conferred upon the Issuer or any Guarantor; 

(vii) to make any change in order to maintain the transferability of the Notes pursuant to
Rule 144A or Regulations S or to institutional accredited investors; 

(viii) to make any change to this Indenture relating to the
transfer and legending of Notes as permitted by this Indenture; 

(ix) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment by a
successor Trustee, a successor Collateral Agent or a successor Calculation Agent ; 

(x) to provide for the issuance of
(A) Additional Notes and related Guarantees (and the grant of security for such Additional Notes and Guarantees) in accordance with this Indenture and the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement and (B) Notes issued as part of a PIK Election in
accordance with the terms of this Indenture and/or the Notes Documents; 

(xi) to make, complete or confirm any grant of Collateral
permitted or required by this Indenture or any of the Security Documents or any release, termination or discharge of Collateral that becomes effective as set forth in this Indenture or any of the Security Documents; 

(xii) to grant any Lien for the benefit of the holders of any future Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness, Pari Passu ABL Lien Indebtedness or
Junior Secured Indebtedness in accordance with and as permitted by the terms of this Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement (and, with respect to Junior Secured Indebtedness, any Other Intercreditor Agreement); 

(xiii) to add additional secured parties to the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement to the extent Liens securing obligations held by such
parties are permitted under this Indenture; 

(xiv) to mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or grant a security interest in favor of the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes as additional security for the payment and performance of the Issuers and any Guarantors obligations under this Indenture, in any property, or assets, including
any of which are required to be mortgaged, pledged or hypothecated, or in which a security interest is required to be granted to the Trustee or the Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms of this Indenture or otherwise; or 

145 

(xv) to provide for the succession of any parties to the Security Documents (and other
amendments that are administrative or ministerial in nature) and the Intercreditor Agreement in connection with an amendment, renewal, extension, substitution, refinancing, restructuring, replacement, supplementing or other modification from time to
time of any agreement in accordance with the terms of this Indenture, the Intercreditor Agreement and the relevant Security Documents. 

(b) The Holders of the Notes shall be deemed to have consented for purposes of the Security Documents and the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement
to any of the following amendments, waivers and other modifications to the Security Documents and the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement: 

(i) (A) to add other parties (or any authorized agent thereof or trustee therefor) holding Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness that are
incurred in compliance with the ABL Credit Agreement and the Notes Documents and (B) to establish that the Liens on any Collateral securing such Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness shall rank equally with the Liens on such Collateral securing
the obligations under this Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees; 

(ii) (A) to add other parties (or any authorized agent thereof
or trustee therefor) holding Pari Passu ABL Lien Indebtedness that is incurred in compliance with the ABL Credit Agreement and the Notes Documents, (B) to establish that the Liens on any Collateral securing such Pari Passu ABL Lien Indebtedness
shall rank equally with the Liens on such Collateral securing the ABL Obligations and senior to the Liens on such ABL Priority Collateral securing any obligations under this Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees, all on the terms provided for in
the Intercreditor Agreement in effect immediately prior to such amendment, (C) to establish that the Liens on any Notes Priority Collateral securing such Pari Passu ABL Lien Indebtedness shall be junior and subordinated to the Liens on such
Notes Priority Collateral securing any obligations under this Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees, all on the terms provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement in effect immediately prior to such amendment; 

(iii) to establish that the Liens on any ABL Priority Collateral securing any Indebtedness replacing the ABL Credit Agreement permitted to be
incurred under Section 6.01(c) shall be senior to the Liens on such ABL Priority Collateral securing any obligations under this Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees, and that any obligations under this Indenture, the
Notes and the Guarantees shall continue to be secured on a first-priority basis by the Notes Priority Collateral and on a second-priority basis on the ABL Priority Collateral; and 

(iv) upon any cancellation or termination of the ABL Credit Agreement without a replacement thereof, to establish that the ABL Priority
Collateral shall become Notes Priority Collateral. 

146 

(c) Any such additional party added pursuant to
Section 5.12(b)(ii), the ABL Collateral Agent, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely upon an Officers Certificate certifying that such Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness or Pari Passu ABL Lien
Indebtedness, as the case may be, was issued or borrowed in compliance with the ABL Credit Agreement and the Notes Documents, and no Opinion of Counsel shall be required in connection therewith. 

(d) The Holders of the Notes shall be deemed to have consented for purposes of this Indenture, the Security Documents and the Intercreditor
Agreement to the execution and delivery by the Trustee and Collateral Agent of an Other Intercreditor Agreement to the extent it is approved by the ABL Collateral Agent or, if the ABL Credit Agreement has been replaced, any other agent for the
holders of ABL Obligations. 

(e) After an amendment under this Indenture, the Security Documents or the Intercreditor Agreement becomes
effective, the Issuer shall deliver to Holders of the Notes a notice briefly describing such amendment. However, the failure to give such notice to all Holders, or any defect therein, will not impair or affect the validity of the amendment.
Disclosure of any such amendment in a filing made with the SEC shall constitute delivery to Holders of the Notes of such notice. 

Section 12.02 With Consent of Holders of Notes. Except as provided below in this Section 12.02, with the consent of the
Controlling Parties (including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, the Notes), the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent may amend or supplement this
Indenture, the Guarantees, the Notes or the Security Documents or any Intercreditor Agreement (subject to compliance with the ABL/Note Intercreditor Agreement), subject to Section 8.06, waive any existing Default or Event of Default or
compliance with any provision of this Indenture, the Notes, the Guarantees or the Security Documents (subject to compliance with the Intercreditor Agreement); provided, however, that no such amendment, supplement or waiver shall,
without the consent of the Holder of each outstanding Note affected thereby (including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, the Notes): 

(a) reduce, or change the maturity of, the principal of any Note; 

(b) reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest on any Note; 

(c) reduce any premium payable upon redemption of the Notes or change the date on which any Notes are subject to redemption (other than the
notice provisions) or waive any payment with respect to the redemption of the Notes; provided, however, that solely for the avoidance of doubt, and without any other implication, any purchase or repurchase of Notes (including pursuant
to Section 3.08 and Section 3.09) shall not be deemed a redemption of the Notes; 

(d)
make any Note payable in money or currency other than that stated in the Notes; 

(e) modify or change any provision of this Indenture or
the related definitions to affect the ranking of the Notes or any Guarantee in a manner that adversely affects the Holders; 

147 

(f) reduce the percentage of Holders necessary to consent to an amendment or waiver to this
Indenture or the Notes; 

(g) waive a Default or Event of Default in the payment of principal of or premium or interest, if any, on any
Notes (except a rescission of acceleration of the Notes by the Holders thereof as provided in this Indenture and a waiver of the payment default with respect to the Notes that resulted from such acceleration); 

(h) modify the contractual rights of Holders to receive payments of principal of, or premium or interest, if any, on the Notes on or after the
due date therefor or to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on the Notes; provided, however, that solely for the avoidance of doubt, and without any other implication, this provision is not impacted by changes or
amendments to Section 3.09 or Section 6.05; 

(i) release any Guarantor from any of its
obligations under its Guarantee or this Indenture, except as permitted by this Indenture; or 

(j) make any change in these amendment and
waiver provisions. 

In addition, without the consent of Holders of 100% of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (including,
without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, the Notes), no amendment, supplement or waiver may amend any of the Security Documents or this Indenture if such amendment, supplement or
waiver has the effect of (x) releasing all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Liens of this Indenture or any Security Document or (y) subordinating the Liens of this Indenture or any Security Documents. 

It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders under this Section 12.02 to approve the particular form of
any proposed amendment or waiver, but it shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. 

Section 12.03
Revocation and Effect of Consents. Until an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder of a Note is a continuing consent by the Holder and every subsequent Holder of that Note or portion of the Note that
evidences the same debt as the consenting Holders Note, even if notation of the consent is not made on the Note. However, any such Holder or subsequent Holder may revoke the consent as to its Note if the Trustee receives written notice of
revocation before the date the waiver, supplement or amendment becomes effective. When an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective in accordance with its terms, this Indenture shall be modified in accordance therewith, and such amendment,
supplement or waiver shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes, and it thereafter binds every Holder. The Issuer may, but shall not be obligated to, fix a record date for determining which Holders consent to such amendment, supplement or
waiver. 

Section 12.04 Notation on or Exchange of Notes. The Trustee may place an appropriate notation about an amendment,
supplement or waiver on any Note thereafter authenticated. The Issuer in exchange for all Notes may issue and the Trustee shall authenticate new Notes that reflect the amendment, supplement or waiver. Failure to make the appropriate notation or
issue a new Note shall not affect the validity and effect of such amendment, supplement or waiver. 

148 

Section 12.05 Trustee to Sign Amendments, Etc. The Trustee, the Collateral Agent
and the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall sign any amended or supplemental indenture or other amendment authorized pursuant to this Article XII if the amendment or supplement does not adversely affect the rights, duties, liabilities or
immunities of the Trustee, Collateral Agent or the Calculation Agent. 

Section 12.06 Officers Certificate and
Opinion of Counsel. In connection with any amendment, supplement, or waiver, in signing or refusing to sign any such amendment, supplement or waiver the Trustee and the Collateral Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) shall be entitled
to receive (and, subject to Section 9.01, shall be fully protected in relying upon) an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent to such amendment, supplement or waiver have been satisfied,
that such amendment, supplement or waiver is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and the Security Documents, as applicable, and, with respect to such Opinion of Counsel, that such amendment, supplement or waiver is the legal, valid and binding
obligation of the parties thereto, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Opinion of Counsel or board resolution shall be required in connection with the addition of a Guarantor under this Indenture
upon execution and delivery by such Guarantor and the Trustee of a supplemental indenture to this Indenture, the form of which is attached as Exhibit F hereto. 

ARTICLE XIII 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 13.01 Concerning the Trust Indenture Act. The Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, shall not be applicable to, and
shall not govern, this Indenture, the Notes or the Guarantees. 

Section 13.02 Notices. Any notice, request, direction,
instruction or communication by the Issuer, any Guarantor, the Trustee or the Collateral Agent to the others is duly given if in writing and delivered in person or mailed by first class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested),
telecopier or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to the addresses set forth below: 

If to the Issuer or any Guarantor:

KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. 

3040 Post Oak Blvd, Suite 1500 

Houston, Texas 77056 

Attention:
Keefer Lehner, Chief Financial Officer 

Email: [*] 

149 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Vinson & Elkins LLP 

First Avenue Plaza 

44 Cook
Street 

Suite 320 

Denver, CO
80206 

Attention: Sarah Morgan 

Email: [*] 

Vinson &
Elkins LLP 

2001 Ross Avenue 

Suite 3900 

Dallas, Texas 75201

Attention: Katherine Frank 

Email: [*] 

Vinson &
Elkins LLP 

1114 6th Ave, 32nd Floor 

New York, New York 10036 

Attention: Ben Heriaud 

Email:
[*] 

If to the Trustee, the Collateral Agent or the Calculation Agent: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

13737 Noel Rd, Suite 800 

Dallas,
TX 75240 

Mail Code: EX-TX-DCRE

Attention: Brian Jensen 

The
parties hereto, by written notice to the others, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications. 

All notices and communications (other than those sent to Holders and the Trustee, the Collateral Agent and the Calculation Agent) shall be
deemed to have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five (5) Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; when receipt acknowledged, if telecopied; and the next Business Day
after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier promising next Business Day delivery. 

Any notice or communication
to a Holder and the Trustee, the Collateral Agent or the Calculation Agent shall be mailed by first class mail or by overnight air courier promising next Business Day delivery to its address shown on the register kept by the Registrar.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, as long as the Notes are Global Notes, notices to be given to the Holders shall be given to the Depositary, in accordance with its applicable policies as in effect from time to time. Failure to mail a notice or
communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. Any notice mailed or delivered to a Holder in the aforesaid manner shall be conclusively deemed to have been received by such Holder,
whether or not such Holder actually receives such notice. 

150 

In respect of this Indenture, the Trustee shall not have any duty or obligation to verify or
confirm that the Person sending instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information by electronic transmission is, in fact, a Person authorized to give such instructions, directions, reports notices or other
communications or information on behalf of the party purporting to send such electronic transmission; and the Trustee shall not have any liability for any losses, liability, costs or expenses incurred or sustained by any party as a result of such
reliance upon or compliance with such instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information. Each other party agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of electronic methods to submit instructions, directions,
reports, notices or other communications or indemnifications to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, notices, reports or other communications or information, and the risks of
interception and misuse by third parties. 

If a notice or communication is delivered in the manner provided above within the time
prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it, except in the case of notices or communications given to the Trustee, the Collateral Agent or the Calculation Agent which shall be effective only upon actual receipt. 

If the Issuer delivers a notice or communication to Holders, it shall mail a copy to the Trustee and the Collateral Agent at the same time.

In case, by reason of the suspension of or irregularities in regular mail service or by reason of any other cause, it shall be
impractical to mail notice of any event to Holders of Notes when such notice is required to be given pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee shall be
deemed to be sufficient giving of such notice for every purpose hereunder. 

Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent
or waiver required or permitted under this Indenture shall be in the English language, except that any published notice may be in an official language of the country of publication. 

Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action
taken in reliance upon such waiver. 

Section 13.03 Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent. Upon any request or
application by the Issuer to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture (other than, with respect to paragraph (b) below, in connection with the issuance of the Initial Notes), the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee upon request: 

(a) an Officers Certificate (which shall include the statements set forth in Section 13.04) stating that, in
the opinion of the signer, all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been satisfied; and 

151 

(b) an Opinion of Counsel (which shall include the statements set forth in
Section 13.04) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent and covenants have been satisfied. 

In case of any application or request as to which the furnishing of other specified documents is specifically required by any provision of
this Indenture relating to such particular application or request, no additional Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel need be furnished. 

Section 13.04 Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion. Each certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a
condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (other than any certificate required by Section 5.03(c) or Section 10.06 hereof) shall include substantially: 

(a) a statement that the Person making such certificate or opinion has read and understands such covenant or condition; 

(b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such
certificate or opinion are based; 

(c) a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, he or she has made such examination or
investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been satisfied; and 

(d) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such condition or covenant has been satisfied. 

In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary that
all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other
Persons as to other matters, and any one Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents. 

Any
certificate or opinion of an Officer of the Issuer may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless such Officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know,
that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which his or her certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate or Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters,
upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an Officer or Officers of the Issuer stating that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Issuer, unless such counsel knows, or in the exercise of
reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous. 

Where any
Person is required to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument. 

152 

Section 13.05 Rules by Trustee and Agents. The Trustee may make reasonable rules
for action by or at a meeting of Holders. Each of the Agents may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions. 

Section 13.06 No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders. No director, officer, employee,
incorporator, partner, member or stockholder of the Issuer or any Guarantor, as such, will have any liability for any indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of the Issuer under the Notes or this Indenture, of any Guarantor under its Guarantee or
of the Issuer or any Guarantor under the Intercreditor Agreement or the Security Documents or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such
liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes and the Guarantees. 

Section 13.07
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEES. Each of the parties to this Indenture each hereby
irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to the Notes, the Guarantees, this Indenture or the Security Documents, and all such parties hereby irrevocably agree that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or federal court and
hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent that they may legally do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY (AND EACH HOLDER, BY THEIR ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOTES THEREBY)
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY
WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS
IN THIS SECTION 13.07.

Section 13.08 No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements. This Indenture may not be used to
interpret any other indenture, loan agreement or debt agreement of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or of any other Person. Any such indenture, loan agreement or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Indenture. 

Section 13.09 Successors. All agreements of the Issuer and the Guarantors in this Indenture and the Notes and the Guarantees, as
applicable, shall bind their respective successors and assigns. All agreements of the Trustee and the Collateral Agent in this Indenture shall bind their respective successors and assigns. 

153 

Section 13.10 Severability. In case any provision in this Indenture or in the
Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 13.11 Execution in Counterparts; Electronic Signature. 

(a) This Indenture may be executed in two or more counterparts, which when so executed shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

(b) The words execute, execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to
any document to be signed in connection with this Indenture and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms
approved by the Trustee, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be,
to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Requirement of Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based
on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided, that, notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Trustee is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly
agreed to by the Trustee pursuant to procedures approved by it. 

Section 13.12 Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. The Table of
Contents and Headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions
hereof. 

Section 13.13 Force Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee, the Collateral Agent or any other Agent be responsible or
liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, fire, riots, strikes, or stoppages for any reason,
embargoes, governmental actions, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and
hardware) services, it being understood that the Trustee, the Collateral Agent and each of the Agents shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the U.S. banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable
under the circumstances. 

Section 13.14 Legal Holidays. If any scheduled payment date with respect to the payment of
principal, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes, including, without limitation, any Interest Payment Date, redemption date, stated maturity or maturity date, falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then notwithstanding any other provision of
this Indenture or of the Notes, the payment to be made on such payment date will be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on such payment date, and no additional interest will accrue solely as a result of
such delayed payment. 

154 

Section 13.15 Benefit of the Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the
Notes, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto, any Authenticating Agent, any Paying Agent, any Registrar and their successors hereunder and the Holders of Notes, any benefit or any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under this Indenture. 

Section 13.16 Controlling Party. Notwithstanding or anything else in this Indenture
(including, without limitation, Section 13.02 hereof) or any Security Document or Intercreditor Agreement to the contrary, prior to the Disposition Date, any written instrument executed by Specified Holders certifying that
the Controlling Party has consented to or approved any amendment, waiver, supplement, consent or approval under this Indenture or any Security Document or Intercreditor Agreement and which provides for the consent, approval, waiver, instruction or
direction respect of any matter under this Indenture or any Security Document or Intercreditor Agreement shall constitute binding and conclusive evidence for all purposes under this Indenture, the Security Documents and any Intercreditor Agreement
of the consent, approval, waiver, instruction or direction of the Controlling Party, upon which the Trustee and Collateral Agent and the Issuer and the Guarantors, will be entitled to conclusively rely without further investigation. For avoidance of
doubt, if any such written instrument is delivered to the Issuer, the Trustee and/or the Collateral Agent, no evidence of consent, approval, waiver, instruction or direction obtained from other Holders, beneficial owners, DTC, any DTC participant or
otherwise pursuant to DTCs applicable procedures will be required in order for such consent, approval, waiver, instruction or direction to be effective for all purposes hereunder and under the Security Documents or any Intercreditor Agreement.
The Issuer, Trustee and Collateral Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely that the Disposition Date has not occurred unless and until they have received written notice thereof from a Specified Holder that the Disposition Date has occurred. For
avoidance of doubt, prior to the Disposition Date, the Specified Holders act as the representative for all Holders, and the Trustee, the Collateral Agent and the Issuer shall treat any instrument provided by the Specified Holders as an instrument
from all Holders and all Holders shall be bound thereby. 

[THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK; SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 

155 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed
by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC.,

as the Issuer

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

KRYPTON HOLDCO, LLC, as a Guarantor

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

KRYPTON INTERMEDIATE, LLC,

as a Guarantor

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

KLX ENERGY SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO
INDENTURE] 

KLX ENERGY SERVICES LLC, as a Guarantor

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

KLX DIRECTIONAL DRILLING, LLC,

as a Guarantor

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CENTERLINE TRUCKING, LLC,

as a Guarantor

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO
INDENTURE] 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee, Registrar, Calculation Agent, Paying Agent and Collateral Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO
INDENTURE] 

APPENDIX A 

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INITIAL NOTES, PIK NOTES AND 

ADDITIONAL NOTES 

Section 1.1 Definitions. 

(a) Capitalized Terms. 

Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix A have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. The following capitalized terms
have the following meanings: 

Applicable Procedures means, with respect to any transfer or transaction involving a
Global Note or beneficial interest therein, the rules and procedures of the Depositary for such Global Note, Euroclear or Clearstream, in each case to the extent applicable to such transaction and as in effect from time to time. 

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, Societe Anonyme, or any successor securities clearing agency. 

Distribution Compliance Period, with respect to any Note, means the period of 40 consecutive days beginning on and
including the later of (a) the day on which such Note is first offered to persons other than distributors (as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S, notice of which day shall be promptly given by the Issuer to the Trustee, and
(b) the date of issuance with respect to such Note or any predecessor of such Note. 

Euroclear means Euroclear
Bank S.A./N.Y., as operator of Euroclear Clearance System or any successor securities clearing agency. 

IAI means an
institution that is an accredited investor as described in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act and is not a QIB. 

QIB means a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A. 

Regulation S means Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act (including any successor provision thereto), as it may
be amended from time to time. 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (including any successor
provision thereto), as it may be amended from time to time. 

Rule 144A means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities
Act (including any successor provision thereto), as it may be amended from time to time. 

Transfer Restricted Notes
means Notes that bear or are required to bear the Restricted Notes Legend. 

Appendix A-1 

U.S. Government Obligations means direct
non-callable obligations of, or guaranteed by the United States for the payment of which guarantee or obligations the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged. 

U.S. person means a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S. 

Unrestricted Global Note means any Note in global form that does not bear or is not required to bear the Restricted Notes
Legend. 

(b) Other Definitions. 

Term 

Defined in Section:

Agent Member 2.1(c)

Definitive Notes Legend 2.2(e)

ERISA Legend 2.2(e)

Global Note 2.1(b)

Global Notes Legend 2.2(e)

IAI Global Note 2.1(b)

OID Legend 2.2(e)

Regulation S Global Note 2.1(b)

Regulation S Notes 2.1(a)

Restricted Notes Legend 2.2(e)

Rule 144A Global Note 2.1(b)

Rule 144A Notes 2.1(a)

Section 2.1 Form and Dating. 

(a) The Initial Notes shall be issued initially in the form of one or more Global Notes, which shall be deposited on behalf of the purchasers
of the Notes represented thereby with the Custodian, and registered in the name of the Depositary or a nominee of the Depositary, duly executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The Initial Notes issued on the date
hereof shall be offered and sold by the Issuer to (1) QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A (Rule 144A Notes) and (2) Persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S (Regulation S Notes).
Additional Notes may also be considered to be Rule 144A Notes or Regulation S Notes, as applicable. 

(b) Global Notes. Rule 144A
Notes shall be issued initially in the form of one or more permanent Global Notes in definitive, fully registered form, numbered 144A-001 upward (collectively, the Rule 144A Global Note) and
Regulation S Notes shall be issued initially in the form of one or more Global Notes, numbered S-001 upward (collectively, the Regulation S Global Note), in each case without interest
coupons and bearing the Global Notes Legend and the Restricted Notes Legend, which shall be deposited on behalf of the purchasers of the Notes represented thereby with the Custodian, and registered in the name of the Depositary or a nominee of the
Depositary, duly executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Trustee (or an Authenticating Agent appointed by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture) as provided in the Indenture. One or more Global Notes in definitive, fully registered
form without interest 

Appendix A-2 

coupons and bearing the Global Notes Legend and the Restricted Notes Legend, numbered IAI-001 upward (collectively, the IAI Global Note)
shall also be issued on the Closing Date, deposited with the Custodian, and registered in the name of the Depositary or a nominee of the Depositary, duly executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Trustee (or an Authenticating Agent appointed
by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture) as provided in the Indenture to accommodate transfers of beneficial interests in the Notes to IAIs subsequent to the initial distribution. The Rule 144A Global Note, the IAI Global Note, the
Regulation S Global Note and any Unrestricted Global Note are each referred to herein as a Global Note and are collectively referred to herein as Global Notes. Each Global Note shall represent such of the
outstanding Notes as shall be specified in the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto and each shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate principal amount of Notes from time to time endorsed
thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as applicable, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of
any increase or decrease in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in accordance with instructions given by the Holder thereof as
required by Section 2.06 of the Indenture and Section 2.2(c) of this Appendix A. 

(c) Book-Entry Provisions. This
Section 2.1(c) shall apply only to a Global Note deposited with or on behalf of the Depositary. 

The Issuer shall execute and the
Trustee shall, in accordance with this Section 2.1(c) and Section 2.02 of the Indenture and pursuant to an order of the Issuer signed by one Officer of the Issuer, authenticate and deliver initially one or more Global Notes that
(i) shall be registered in the name of the Depositary for such Global Note or Global Notes or the nominee of such Depositary and (ii) shall be delivered by the Trustee to such Depositary or pursuant to such Depositarys instructions
or held by the Trustee as Custodian. 

Members of, or participants and current holders in, the Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream
(Agent Members) shall have no rights under the Indenture with respect to any Global Note held on their behalf by the Depositary or by the Trustee as Custodian or any other custodian of the Depositary or under such Global Note, and
the Depositary or its nominee may be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Trustee as the absolute owner of such Global Note for all purposes whatsoever. Subject to any provisions contained in the
Indenture, the registered Holder of a Global Note may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members, to take any action that a Holder is entitled to take under the Indenture or the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing herein shall prevent the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee or any agent of the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Trustee from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as
between the Depositary and its Agent Members, the operation of customary practices of such Depositary governing the exercise of the rights of a holder of a beneficial interest in any Global Note. 

(d) Definitive Notes. Except as provided in Section 2.2 or Section 2.3 of this Appendix A, owners of beneficial interests in
Global Notes shall not be entitled to receive physical delivery of Definitive Notes. 

Appendix A-3 

Section 2.2 Transfer and Exchange. 

(a) Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes. When Definitive Notes are presented to the Registrar with a
request: 

(i) to register the transfer of such Definitive Notes; or 

(ii) to exchange such Definitive Notes for an equal principal amount of Definitive Notes of other authorized denominations, 

the Registrar shall register the transfer or make the exchange as requested if its reasonable requirements for such transaction are met; provided,
however, that the Definitive Notes surrendered for transfer or exchange: 

(1) shall be duly endorsed or accompanied by
a written instrument of transfer in form reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer and the Registrar, duly executed by the Holder thereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing; and 

(2) in the case of Transfer Restricted Notes, must be transferred or exchanged pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act or pursuant to Section 2.2(b) of this Appendix A or otherwise in accordance with the Restricted Notes Legend, and be accompanied by a certification from the transferor in the form provided on the reverse side of the
Form of Note in Exhibit A for exchange or registration of transfers and, as applicable, delivery of such legal opinions, certifications and other information as may be requested pursuant thereto. 

(b) Restrictions on Transfer of a Definitive Note for a Beneficial Interest in a Global Note. A Definitive Note may not be exchanged
for a beneficial interest in a Global Note except upon satisfaction of the requirements set forth below. Upon receipt by the Trustee of a Definitive Note, duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form reasonably
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Registrar, together with: 

(i) a certification from the transferor in the form provided on the reverse
side of the Form of Note in Exhibit A for exchange or registration of transfers and, as applicable, delivery of such legal opinions, certifications and other information as may be requested pursuant thereto; and 

(ii) written instructions directing the Trustee to make, or to direct the Custodian to make, an adjustment on its books and records with
respect to such Global Note to reflect an increase in the aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented by the Global Note, such instructions to contain information regarding the Depositary account to be credited with such increase, 

the Trustee shall cancel such Definitive Note and cause, or direct the Custodian to cause, in accordance with the standing instructions and procedures
existing between the Depositary and the Custodian, the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note to be increased by the aggregate principal amount of the Definitive Note to be exchanged and shall credit or cause to be
credited to the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in the Global Note equal to the principal amount of the Definitive Note so canceled. If the applicable Global Note is not then outstanding, the Issuer shall
issue and the Trustee shall authenticate, upon an Authentication Order, a new applicable Global Note in the appropriate principal amount. 

Appendix A-4 

(c) Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes.

(i) The transfer and exchange of Global Notes or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the
Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 2.2(d) of this Appendix A, if any) and the procedures of the Depositary therefor. A transferor of a beneficial interest in a Global Note shall deliver to the
Registrar a written order given in accordance with the Depositarys procedures containing information regarding the participant account of the Depositary to be credited with a beneficial interest in such Global Note, or another Global Note, and
such account shall be credited in accordance with such order with a beneficial interest in the applicable Global Note and the account of the Person making the transfer shall be debited by an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the Global Note
being transferred. 

(ii) If the proposed transfer is a transfer of a beneficial interest in one Global Note to a beneficial interest in
another Global Note, the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in the principal amount of the Global Note to which such interest is being transferred in an amount equal to the principal amount of the interest to
be so transferred, and the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and a corresponding decrease in the principal amount of the Global Note from which such interest is being transferred. 

(iii) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Appendix A (other than the provisions set forth in Section 2.3 of this Appendix A), a
Global Note may not be transferred except as a whole and not in part if the transfer is by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or
any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary. 

(d) Restrictions on Transfer of Global Notes;
Voluntary Exchange of Interests in Transfer Restricted Global Notes for Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. 

(i) Transfers by an
owner of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Note or an IAI Global Note to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through another Transfer Restricted Global Note shall be made in accordance with the Applicable Procedures and the
Restricted Notes Legend and only upon receipt by the Trustee of a certification from the transferor in the form provided on the reverse side of the Form of Note in Exhibit A for exchange or registration of transfers and, as applicable,
delivery of such legal opinions, certifications and other information as may be requested pursuant thereto. In addition, in the case of a transfer of a beneficial interest in either a Regulation S Global Note or a Rule 144A Global Note for an
interest in an IAI Global Note, the transferee must furnish a signed letter substantially in the form of Exhibit B to the Trustee. 

Appendix A-5 

(ii) During the Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial ownership interests in the
Regulation S Global Note may only be sold, pledged or transferred through Euroclear or Clearstream in accordance with the Applicable Procedures, the Restricted Notes Legend on such Regulation S Global Note and any applicable securities laws of any
state of the U.S. Prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by an owner of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Rule 144A Global Note or an
IAI Global Note shall be made only in accordance with the Applicable Procedures and the Restricted Notes Legend and upon receipt by the Trustee of a written certification from the transferor of the beneficial interest in the form provided on the
reverse side of the Form of Note in Exhibit A for exchange or registration of transfers. Such written certification shall no longer be required after the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period. Upon the expiration of the Distribution
Compliance Period, beneficial ownership interests in the Regulation S Global Note shall be transferable in accordance with applicable law and the other terms of the Indenture. 

(iv) Upon the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial interests in the Regulation S Global Note may be exchanged for
beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Note upon certification in the form provided on the reverse side of the Form of Note in Exhibit A for an exchange from a Regulation S Global Note to an Unrestricted Global Note. 

(v) Beneficial interests in a Transfer Restricted Note that is a Rule 144A Global Note or an IAI Global Note may be exchanged for beneficial
interests in an Unrestricted Global Note if the Holder certifies in writing to the Registrar that its request for such exchange is in respect of a transfer made in reliance on Rule 144 (such certification to be in the form set forth on the reverse
side of the Form of Note in Exhibit A) and/or upon delivery of such legal opinions, certifications and other information as the Issuer or the Trustee may reasonably request. 

(vi) If no Unrestricted Global Note is outstanding at the time of a transfer contemplated by the preceding clauses (iii) and (iv), the
Issuer shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate, upon an Authentication Order, a new Unrestricted Global Note in the appropriate principal amount. 

(e) Legends. 

(i) Except
as permitted by Section 2.2(d) and this Section 2.2(e) of this Appendix A, each Note certificate evidencing the Global Notes and the Definitive Notes (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof) shall bear a
legend in substantially the following form (each defined term in the legend being defined as such for purposes of the legend only) (Restricted Notes Legend): 

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE
OR OTHER JURISDICTION. NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS
EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, SUCH REGISTRATION. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED SECURITIES, TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH
SECURITY, PRIOR TO THE DATE (THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE) THAT IS [IN THE CASE OF RULE 144A NOTES 

Appendix A-6 

AND IAI NOTES: SIX MONTHS AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF, THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE ISSUANCE OF ANY ADDITIONAL NOTES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR ANY
AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH SECURITY)] [IN THE CASE OF REGULATION S NOTES: 40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF, THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE ISSUANCE OF ANY
ADDITIONAL NOTES AND THE DATE ON WHICH THIS SECURITY (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH SECURITY) WAS FIRST OFFERED TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS (AS DEFINED IN RULE 902 OF REGULATION S) IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S], ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY
SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE SECURITIES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE
144A), TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE
TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (D) PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS THAT OCCUR OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT,
(E) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT IS NOT A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND THAT IS PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE
ACCOUNT OF ANOTHER INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR OR (F) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE ISSUERS AND THE TRUSTEES RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER,
SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES (D), (E) OR (F) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/ OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE
RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE. [IN THE CASE OF REGULATION S NOTES: BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS THAT TT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS TT PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY
IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.] 

Each Definitive Note shall bear the following additional legend
(Definitive Notes Legend): 

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH
CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. 

Appendix A-7 

Each Global Note shall bear the following additional legend (Global Notes Legend): 

UNLESS TIES CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), NEW
YORK, NEW YORK, TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND
ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO., OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED
OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO DTC, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS
OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF. 

Each Note shall bear the following additional legend (OID Legend): 

THIS NOTE IS BEING ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT FOR UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE ISSUE
PRICE, THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, THE ISSUE DATE, AND THE YIELD TO MATURITY OF THE NOTE, PLEASE CONTACT KEEFER LEHNER, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ADDRESS: 3040 POST OAK BLVD, SUITE 1500, HOUSTON, TEXAS 77056, EMAIL: [*]. 

Each Note shall bear the following additional legend (ERISA Legend): 

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER THEREOF WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER
(1) NO PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY SUCH HOLDER TO ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS SECURITY CONSTITUTES THE ASSETS OF (A) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED
(ERISA), (B) A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE) OR PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER U.S. OR NON-U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA OR THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS), OR (C) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO
INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS OF ANY SUCH PLAN, ACCOUNT OR ARRANGEMENT DESCRIBED IN CLAUSE (A) OR (B), PURSUANT TO ERISA OR OTHERWISE, OR (2) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT
CONSTITUTE A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A SIMILAR VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAWS. 

Appendix A-8 

(ii) Upon any sale or transfer of a Transfer Restricted Note that is a Definitive Note, the
Registrar shall permit the Holder thereof to exchange such Transfer Restricted Note for a Definitive Note that does not bear the Restricted Notes Legend and the Definitive Notes Legend and rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Transfer
Restricted Note if the Holder certifies in writing to the Registrar that its request for such exchange is in respect of a transfer made in reliance on Rule 144 (such certification to be in the form set forth on the reverse side of the Form of Note
in Exhibit A) and provides such legal opinions, certifications and other information as the Issuer or the Trustee may reasonably request. 

(v) Any Additional Notes sold in a registered offering shall not be required to bear the Restricted Notes Legend. 

(f) Cancellation or Adjustment of Global Note. At such time as all beneficial interests in a Global Note have either been exchanged for
Definitive Notes, transferred in exchange for an interest in another Global Note, redeemed, repurchased or canceled, such Global Note shall be returned by the Depositary to the Trustee for cancellation or retained and canceled by the Trustee. At any
time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, transferred in exchange for an interest in another Global Note, redeemed, repurchased or canceled, the principal amount of Notes
represented by such Global Note shall be reduced and an adjustment shall be made on the books and records of the Registrar (if it is then the Custodian for such Global Note) with respect to such Global Note, by the Registrar or the Custodian, to
reflect such reduction. 

(g) Obligations with Respect to Transfers and Exchanges of Notes. 

(i) To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate, Definitive Notes and
Global Notes at the Registrars request. 

(ii) No service charge shall be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer or
exchange of the Notes (other than pursuant to Section 2.07 of the Indenture), but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp, similar issue or transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in
connection therewith (other than any such documentary, stamp, similar issue or transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant to Sections 2.10, 3.06, 3.08, 3.09 6.05, and 12.04 of the Indenture). 

(vii) Prior to the due presentation for registration of transfer of any Note, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Registrar may
deem and treat the person in whose name a Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on such Note and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not such
Note is overdue, and none of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Registrar shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

(viii) All Notes issued upon any transfer or exchange pursuant to the terms of the Indenture shall evidence the same debt and shall be
entitled to the same benefits under the Indenture as the Notes surrendered upon such transfer or exchange. 

Appendix A-9 

(iii) In order to effect any transfer or exchange of an interest in any Transfer Restricted
Note for an interest in a Note that does not bear the Restricted Notes Legend and has not been registered under the Securities Act, if the Registrar so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel, in form reasonably
acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that no registration under the Securities Act is required in respect of such exchange or transfer or the re-sale of such interest by the beneficial holder thereof,
shall be required to be delivered to the Registrar and the Trustee. 

(h) No Obligation of the Trustee. 

(i) The Trustee shall have no responsibility or obligation to any beneficial owner of a Global Note, a member of, or a participant in the
Depositary or any other Person with respect to the accuracy of the records of the Depositary or its nominee or of any participant or member thereof, with respect to any ownership interest in the Notes or with respect to the delivery to any
participant, member, beneficial owner or other Person (other than the Depositary) of any notice (including any notice of redemption or repurchase) or the payment of any amount, under or with respect to such Notes. All notices and communications to
be given to the Holders and all payments to be made to Holders under the Notes shall be given or made only to the registered Holders (which shall be the Depositary or its nominee in the case of a Global Note). The rights of beneficial owners in any
Global Note shall be exercised only through the Depositary subject to the applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary. The Trustee may rely and shall be fully protected in relying upon information furnished by the Depositary with respect to
its members, participants and any beneficial owners. 

(ii) The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire
as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under the Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers between or among Depositary participants, members or beneficial
owners in any Global Note) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by, the terms of the Indenture, and to examine the same to
determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof. 

Section 2.3 Definitive Notes. 

(a) A Global Note deposited with the Depositary or with the Trustee as Custodian pursuant to Section 2.1 may be transferred to the
beneficial owners thereof in the form of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Global Note, in exchange for such Global Note, only if such transfer complies with Section 2.2 of this Appendix A
and (i) the Depositary notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a Depositary for such Global Note or at any time the Depositary ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in each
case, a successor depositary is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days of such notice or after the Issuer becomes aware of such cessation, or (ii) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Registrar has received a request
from the Depositary. In addition, any Affiliate of the Issuer or any Guarantor that is a beneficial owner of all or part of a Global Note may have such Affiliates beneficial interest transferred to such Affiliate in the form of a Definitive
Note by providing a written request to the Issuer and the Trustee and such Opinions of Counsel, certificates or other information as may be required by the Indenture or the Issuer or Trustee. 

Appendix A-10 

(b) Any Global Note that is transferable to the beneficial owners thereof pursuant to this
Section 2.3 shall be surrendered by the Depositary to the Trustee, to be so transferred, in whole or from time to time in part, without charge, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, upon such transfer of each portion of such Global
Note, an equal aggregate principal amount of Definitive Notes of authorized denominations. Any portion of a Global Note transferred pursuant to this Section 2.3 shall be executed, authenticated and delivered only in denominations of $1.00 and
integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof and registered in such names as the Depositary shall direct. Any Definitive Note delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Note that is a Transfer Restricted Note shall, except as otherwise
provided by Section 2.2(e) of this Appendix A, bear the Restricted Notes Legend. 

(c) The registered Holder of a Global Note may
grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may hold interests through Agent Members, to take any action which a Holder is entitled to take under the Indenture or the Notes. 

(d) In the event of the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 2.3(a) of this Appendix A, the Issuer shall promptly make
available to the Trustee a reasonable supply of Definitive Notes in fully registered form without interest coupons. 

Appendix A-11 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF NOTE 

[FORM OF FACE
OF NOTE] 

[Insert the Restricted Notes Legend, if applicable, pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

[Insert the Global Notes Legend, if applicable, pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

[Insert the Definitive Notes Legend, if applicable, pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

[Insert the OID Legend, if applicable, pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture.] 

[Insert the ERISA Legend, if applicable, pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture.] 

Exhibit A-1 

CUSIP [ ] 

ISIN [ ]7

[RULE 144A] [REGULATION S][IAI][GLOBAL] NOTE 

Senior Secured Floating Rate Cash / PIK Notes due 2030 

No. [144A-__] [S-_][IAI-__][U-__] [Initially]8
[$] 

KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC. 

promises to pay to [CEDE & CO.]9
[]or registered assigns the principal sum [set forth on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached hereto]10
[$ (Dollars)]11 on [__], 2030. 

[Interest Payment Dates: [__] 

Record Dates: The business day prior to the Interest Payment Date 

7 

Rule 144A Note CUSIP: 48253L AD8 

Rule 144A Note ISIN: US48253LAD82 

Regulation S Note CUSIP: U4949E AC6 

Regulation S Note ISIN: USU4949EAC67 

IAI Note CUSIP: 48253L AE6 

IAI Note ISIN: US48253LAE65 

8 

Include in Global Notes. 

9 

Include in Global Notes 

10 

Include in Global Notes 

11 

Include in Definitive Notes 

Exhibit A-2 

IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Issuer has rinsed this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: 

KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exhibit A-3 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: 

Exhibit A-4 

[Reverse Side of Note] 

Senior Secured Floating Rate Cash / PIK Notes due 2030 

Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated. 

1. INTEREST. KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), promises to pay interest on the
principal amount of this Note, at any time this Note is an ABR Note, at the Alternate Base Rate and at any time this Note is a SOFR Note, at the applicable Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Note, plus, in each case (i) the
Applicable Margin for Cash Elections and (ii) the Applicable Margin plus 1.00% for PIK Elections until but excluding maturity. At least five (5) Business Days prior to the expiration of the then current Interest Period (with respect to
SOFR Notes), or before an Interest Payment Date (with respect to ABR Notes), the Issuer shall deliver an Interest Election Request to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent in accordance with Section 2.13(a) of the Indenture
electing to convert of continue such Note with such Interest Period duration as the Issuer may specify effective as of the upcoming Interest Payment Date. Interest on the Notes shall accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid
or, if no interest has been paid, from and including [__], 2025; provided that the first Interest Payment Date shall be [__], 2025. The Issuer shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on
overdue principal and premium, if any, from time to time on demand at the interest rate on the Notes to the extent lawful; it shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of
interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) from time to time on demand at the interest rate on the Notes to the extent lawful. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty (360) days, except that
interest computed by reference to the Base Rate in clause (a) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty-five (365) days (or three hundred sixty-six (366) days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

PIK Interest on the Notes, for applicable interest payment periods, will be payable (x) with respect to Notes represented by one or more
Global Notes registered in the name of, or held by, DTC or its nominee on the relevant record date, by increasing the principal amount of the outstanding Global Notes by an amount equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable interest
period (rounded up to the nearest whole Dollar) and (y) with respect to Notes represented by certificated notes, by issuing Notes in certificated form in an aggregate principal amount equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable
period (rounded up to the nearest whole Dollar), and the Trustee will, at the request of the Issuer, authenticate and deliver such Notes in certificated form for original issuance to the Holders on the relevant record date, as shown by the Note
Register. Following an increase in the principal amount of the outstanding Global Notes as a result of a PIK Election, the Global Notes will bear interest on such increased principal amount from and after the date of the Interest Payment Date
related to such PIK Election. Any Notes issued in certificated form will be dated as of the applicable Interest Payment Date and will bear interest from and after such date. All PIK Notes issued pursuant to a PIK Election will mature on the Maturity
Date and will be governed by, and subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of, the Indenture and shall have the same rights and benefits as the Notes issued on the Closing Date. Any 

Exhibit A-5 

certificated Notes will be issued with the description PIK on the face of such Notes, and references to the principal amount of the Notes shall include any increase in the
principal amount of the outstanding Notes as a result of any PIK Election. The calculation of PIK Interest will be made by the Calculation Agent, and such calculation and the correctness thereof shall not be a duty or obligation of the Trustee. PIK
Interest on the Notes will be paid in denominations of $1.00 and integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof (rounded up to the nearest whole dollar). 

2. METHOD OF PAYMENT. The Issuer shall pay interest in arrears on the applicable Interest Payment Date, even if such Notes are canceled after
such record date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, except as provided in Section 2.13 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. Principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes shall be payable at the office or agency
of the Issuer maintained for such purpose or, at the option of the Issuer, payment of interest and premium, if any, may be made by check mailed to the Holders at their respective addresses set forth in the Note Register; provided that payment by
wire transfer of immediately available funds shall be required with respect to principal, premium, if any, and interest on all Global Notes and all other Notes the Holders of which shall have provided wire transfer instructions to the Issuer or the
Paying Agent at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable payment date. Such payment shall be in such coin or currency of the United States as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 

3. PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR. Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association will act as the Trustee under the Indenture and as
Paying Agent and Registrar. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to the Holders. The Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may act in any such capacity. 

4. INDENTURE. The Issuer issued the Notes under an Indenture, dated as of [__], 2025 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the
Indenture), among KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc., the Guarantors named therein, the Trustee, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent. This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of notes of the
Issuer designated as its Senior Secured Floating Rate Cash / PIK Notes due 2030. The Issuer shall be entitled to issue Additional Notes pursuant to Sections 2.01, 6.01 and 6.02 of the Indenture. The Notes and any Additional Notes issued under the
Indenture shall be treated as a single class of securities under the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such
terms. Any term used in this Note that is defined in the Indenture shall have the meaning assigned to it in the Indenture. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the
Indenture shall govern and be controlling. 

5. SECURITY. The Notes and the Guarantees will be secured by first-priority Liens and security
interests on the Notes Priority Collateral and by second-priority Liens and security interests on the ABL Priority Collateral subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture, the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreements.
The Collateral Agent will hold the Collateral in trust for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders, in each case pursuant to the Security Documents. Each Holder by accepting this Note consents and agrees to the terms of the Security Documents as
the same may be in effect or may be amended from time to time in accordance with their terms and the Indenture and authorizes and directs the Collateral Agent to enter into the Security Documents and to perform its obligations and exercise its
rights thereunder in accordance therewith. 

Exhibit A-6 

6. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE. The Notes are subject to optional redemption, and may be the
subject of a Net Cash Proceeds Offer pursuant to Section 3.08 of the Indenture or a Change of Control Offer pursuant to Section 3.09 of the Indenture, as further described in the Indenture. Beginning [March 31, 2025], the Issuer is
required to make mandatory quarterly redemptions with respect to the Notes pursuant to Section 3.12 of the Indenture. 

7.
DENOMINATIONS, TRANSFER, EXCHANGE. The Notes are in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1.00 and integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof. The transfer of Notes may be registered and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the
Indenture. The Registrar, the Trustee and the Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, and Holders shall be required to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the
Indenture. The Issuer need not exchange or register the transfer of any Note or portion of a Note selected for redemption or tendered for repurchase in connection with a Change of Control Offer or a Net Cash Proceeds Offer, except for the unredeemed
portion of any Note being redeemed or repurchased in part. 

8. PERSONS DEEMED OWNERS. The registered Holder of a Note may be treated as
its owner for all purposes. 

9. AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER. The Indenture, the Guarantees, the Notes, the Security Documents or the
Intercreditor Agreements may be amended or supplemented as provided in the Indenture. 

10. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES. The Events of Default
relating to the Notes are defined in Section 8.01 of the Indenture. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the rights and obligations of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Holders shall be as set forth in the applicable
provisions of the Indenture. 

11. AUTHENTICATION. This Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or
obligatory for any purpose until authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee. 

12. GOVERNING LAW. THIS NOTE WILL BE GOVERNED BY,
AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

13. CUSIP AND ISIN NUMBERS. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated
by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP and ISIN numbers to be printed on the Notes, and the Trustee may use CUSIP and ISIN numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. No
representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. 

Exhibit A-7 

The Issuer shall furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the
Indenture. Requests may be made to the Issuer at the following address: 

c/o [KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. 

3040 Post Oak Blvd, Suite 1500 

Houston, Texas 77056 

Attention:
Keefer Lehner, Chief Financial Officer 

[*]] 

Exhibit A-8 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Note to: 

(Insert assignees legal name)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.)

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

and irrevocably appoint

to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him. 

Date: 

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Signature Guarantee*:

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

Exhibit A-9 

CERTIFICATE TO BE DELIVERED UPON EXCHANGE OR 

REGISTRATION OF TRANSFERS OF TRANSFER RESTRICTED NOTES 

This certificate relates to $ principal amount of Notes held in (check applicable
space) book-entry or definitive form by the undersigned. 

The undersigned (check one box below): 

has requested the Trustee by written order to deliver in exchange for its beneficial interest in a Global Note
held by the Depositary a Note or Notes in definitive, registered form of authorized denominations and an aggregate principal amount equal to its beneficial interest in such Global Note (or the portion thereof indicated above) in accordance with the
Indenture; or 

has requested the Trustee by written order to exchange or register the transfer of a Note or Notes.

In connection with any transfer of any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate, the undersigned confirms that such
Notes are being transferred in accordance with its terms: 

CHECK ONE BOX BELOW 

(1) to the Issuer or subsidiary thereof; or

(2) to the Registrar for registration in the name of the Holder, without transfer; or

(3) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act); or

(4) to a Person that the undersigned reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A)) that purchases for its own account or for the
account of a qualified institutional buyer and to whom notice is given that such transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A, in each case pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144A; or

(5) pursuant to offers and sales to non-U.S. persons that occur outside the United States within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act (and if the transfer is being made prior to
the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, the Notes shall be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear or Clearstream); or

(6) to an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) that has furnished to the Trustee a signed letter containing certain representations and agreements;
or

(7) pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act; or

(8) pursuant to another available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

Exhibit A-10 

Unless one of the boxes is checked, the Trustee will refuse to register any of the Notes
evidenced by this certificate in the name of any Person other than the registered Holder thereof; provided, however, that if box (5), (6), (7) or (8) is checked, the Issuer or the Trustee may require, prior to registering any such
transfer of the Notes, such legal opinions, certifications and other information as the Issuer or the Trustee has reasonably requested to confirm that such transfer is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the
registration requirements of, the Securities Act. 

Your Signature

Date: Signature of Signature Guarantor

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (4) ABOVE IS CHECKED. 

The undersigned represents and warrants that it is purchasing this Note for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises
sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A, and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received
such information regarding the Issuer as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations
in order to claim the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A. 

Date: 

NOTICE: To be executed by an executive officer

Name:

Title:

Signature Guarantee*:

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

Exhibit A-11 

TO BE COMPLETED IF THE HOLDER REQUIRES AN EXCHANGE FROM A REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE TO AN
UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE, PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.2(d)(iii) OF APPENDIX A TO THE INDENTURE12

The undersigned represents and warrants that either: 

the undersigned is not a dealer (as defined in the Securities Act) and is a
non-U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act); or 

(within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) who purchased interests in the Notes pursuant to
an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements under the Securities Act; or 

the undersigned is a dealer (as defined in the Securities Act) and the interest of the undersigned in this Note
does not constitute the whole or a part of an unsold allotment to or subscription by such dealer for the Notes. 

Date:

Your Signature

12 

Include only for Regulation S Global Notes. 

Exhibit A-12 

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE 

I want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Section 3.09 of the Indenture. 

If you want to elect to have only part of this Note purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Section 3.09 of the Indenture, state the amount
you elect to have purchased: 

$ (integral multiples of $1.00, provided that the unpurchased portion must be in a minimum principal amount of $1.00)

Date: Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Tax Identification No.: 

Signature Guarantee*:

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

Exhibit A-13 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE* 

The initial outstanding principal amount of this Global Note is $ . The following exchanges of a part of
this Global Note for an interest in another Global Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of another Global Note or Definitive Note for an interest in this Global Note, have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease

in Principal Amount

of this
Global Note 

Amount of increase

in Principal Amount

of this
Global Note 

Principal Amount of

this Global Note

following such

decrease or increase 

Signature of

authorized signatory

of
Trustee,

Depositary or

Custodian

* 

This schedule should be included only if the Note is issued in global form. 

Exhibit A-14 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF TRANSFEREE LETTER OF REPRESENTATION FOR TRANSFERS TO IAIS 

KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. 

3040 Post Oak Blvd, Suite
1500 

Houston, Texas 77056 

Attention: Keefer Lehner, Chief
Financial Officer 

Email: [*] 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This certificate is delivered to request a transfer of $[] principal amount of the
Senior Secured Floating Rate Cash / PIK Notes due 2030 (the Notes) of KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. (the Company). 

Upon transfer, the Notes would be registered in the name of the new beneficial owner as follows: 

Name: 

Address: 

Taxpayer ID Number: 

The undersigned represents and warrants to you that: 

1. We are an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act)), purchasing for our own account or for the account of such an institutional accredited investor at least $250,000 principal amount of the Notes, and we are acquiring the Notes,
for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act. We have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the
merits and risks of our investment in the Notes, and we invest in or purchase securities similar to the Notes in the normal course of our business. We, and any accounts for which we are acting, are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its
investment. 

2. We understand that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act and, unless so registered, may not be sold
except as permitted in the following sentence. We agree on our own behalf and on behalf of any investor account for which we are purchasing Notes to offer, sell or otherwise transfer such Notes prior to the date that is one year alter the later of
the date of original issue and the last date on which the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes (or any predecessor thereto) (the Resale Restriction Termination Date) only in accordance with the
Restricted Notes Legend (as such term is defined in the indenture under which the Notes were issued) on the Notes and any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. The foregoing restrictions on resale will not apply subsequent to
the Resale Restriction Termination Date. If any resale or other transfer of the Notes is proposed to be made pursuant to 

Exhibit B-1 

clause (e) of the Restricted Notes Legend prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, the transferor shall deliver a letter from the transferee substantially in the form of this letter
to the Issuer and the Trustee, which shall provide, among other things, that the transferee is an institutional accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act and that it is
acquiring such Notes for investment purposes and not for distribution in violation of the Securities Act. Each purchaser acknowledges that the Issuer and the Trustee reserve the right prior to the offer, sale or other transfer prior to the Resale
Restriction Termination Date of the Notes with respect to applicable transfers described in the Restricted Notes Legend to require the delivery of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory to the Issuer and the
Trustee. 

TRANSFEREE: ,

by: 

Exhibit B-2 

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

[See Attached] 

Exhibit C-1 

EXHIBIT D 

FORM OF INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST 

U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, Paying Agent and Calculation Agent 

13737 Noel Rd, Suite 800 

Dallas, TX 75240 

Mail Code: EX-TX-DCRE

Attention: Brian Jensen 

[] [], 20[] 

[Date] 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to the Indenture dated
as of March [ ], 2025 (as amended, supplemented, modified, refinanced and/or restated from time to time, the Indenture) by and among KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
Issuer), each of the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as trustee (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Trustee) and as
notes collateral agent for the Secured Parties. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such teams in the Indenture. 

Pursuant to Section 2.13(a) of the Indenture, undersigned Issuer hereby request[s] (select one): 

A conversion of the Notes from [ABR Notes][SOFR Notes] to [SOFR Notes][ABR Notes 

A continuation of the Notes as [SOFR Notes][ABR Notes].

to be made on the terms set forth below:

(A) 

All outstanding Notes shall [convert][continue] as set forth herein. 

(B) 

Interest
Period:13

(C) 

Applicable
Margin: 

The above request complies with the notice requirements set forth in the Indenture. 

The undersigned Issuer hereby represents and warrants to the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent that, on the date of this Interest Election
and on the date of the related interest payment, the conditions to such election set forth in the Indenture have been satisfied or waived and that such Interest Election is authorized or permitted by the Indenture. 

13 Applicable for SOFR Note only. 

Exhibit D-1 

KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exhibit D-2 

EXHIBIT E 

FORM OF PIK INTEREST ELECTION NOTICE 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

13737 Noel Rd,
Suite 800 

Dallas, TX 75240 

Mail Code: EX-TX-DCRE

Attention: Brian Jensen 

[], 20[] 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer) refers to that certain
Indenture, dated as of [ ], 2025 (as further amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Indenture), by and among the Issuer, the Guarantors party thereto, and U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee) and as collateral agent. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this PIK Interest Election Notice have the meanings ascribed thereto in the
Indenture. 

This notice constitutes a PIK Interest Election Notice, and the Issuer hereby gives you notice pursuant to
Section 2.13(e) of the Indenture, in respect of the [Interest Period commencing [__], 202[ ], the Issuer is electing to pay PIK Interest on the applicable Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period]14[ period commencing on the Interest Payment Date of [__], 202[ ], the Issuer is electing to pay PIK Interest on the next Interest Payment
Date]15 and it shall pay such interest on the Notes due on such Interest Payment Date as follows for the upcoming Interest Payment Date of [ ]16 (the Applicable PIK Interest Payment Date): 

1. 

[___]% shall be paid in cash 

2. 

[___]% shall be paid in kind 

With respect to the Global Notes currently outstanding, the Issuer hereby directs the Trustee to adjust the Register to reflect an increase in
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes by the amount of PIK Interest required to be paid on the Global Notes for the Interest Payment Date referenced above in the manner set forth above, rounded up to the nearest whole Dollar. 

14 

For SOFR Elections. 

15 

For ABR Elections. 

16 

For SOFR Elections, include the Interest Payment Date for the applicable Interest Period. For ABR Elections,
include the subsequent Interest Payment Date for which such election applies. 

Exhibit E-1 

[With respect to the definitive Notes currently outstanding on or before ten (10) days
prior to the Applicable PIK Interest Payment Date, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee executed PIK Notes accompanied by an Authentication Order directing the authentication of such PIK Notes on the Applicable PIK Interest Payment Date
reflecting an increase in the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes by the amount of PIK Interest required to be paid on the definitive Notes for the Applicable PIK Interest Payment Date, rounded up to the nearest whole Dollar.] 

Delivery of an executed counterpart of this PIK Interest Election Notice by electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of an
original executed counterpart of this PIK Interest Election Notice. 

[Signature Page Follows]

Exhibit E-2 

KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit E-3 

EXHIBIT F 

FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

TO BE DELIVERED BY SUBSEQUENT GUARANTORS 

Supplemental Indenture (this Supplemental Indenture), dated as of
[] [], 20[], among (the Guaranteeing Subsidiary), a subsidiary of KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as notes collateral agent (the Collateral Agent). 

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS, each of the
Issuer and the Guarantors (as defined in the Indenture referred to below) has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (the Indenture), dated as of [__], 2025, providing for the issuance of an unlimited
aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Floating Rate Cash / PIK Notes due 2030 (the Notes); 

WHEREAS, the
Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally Guarantee all of the Issuers
Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein and under the Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant
to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged,
the parties mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders as follows: 

1. Capitalized Terms.
Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

2. Guarantor. The
Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees to be a Guarantor under the Indenture and to be bound by the terms of the Indenture applicable to Guarantors, including Article XII thereof. 

3. Governing Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WILL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

4. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE GUARANTEEING SUBSIDIARY, THE TRUSTEE AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE INDENTURE, THE NOTES, THE GUARANTEES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR
THEREBY. 

Exhibit F-1 

5. Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental
Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. 

6. Headings. The headings
of the Sections of this Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

7. The Trustee and the Collateral Agent. In entering into this Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent shall be
entitled to the benefit of every provision of the Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, whether or not elsewhere herein so provided. Neither the
Trustee nor the Collateral Agent makes any representations as to the validity, execution or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture other than as to the validity of its execution and delivery by the Trustee and the Collateral Agent. Neither the
Trustee nor the Collateral Agent assumes any responsibility for the correctness of the recitals contained herein, which shall be taken as a statement of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.

[NAME OF GUARANTEEING SUBSIDIARY]

By: 

Name:

Title:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee and Collateral Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exhibit F-2 

EXHIBIT G 

FORM OF SECURITY AGREEMENT 

[See attached]. 

Exhibit G-1 

EXHIBIT H 

FORM OF ABL/NOTE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT 

[See attached]. 

Exhibit H-1 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF WARRANT AGREEMENT (INCLUDING FORM OF WARRANT) 

Exhibit B 

Exhibit B 

to the Security Purchase Agreement 

THIS WARRANT
AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT). THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY NOT
BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN EFFECT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION THEREUNDER, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES
LAWS OF THE STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND, IN THE CASE OF A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, SUCH SECURITIES MAY ONLY BE TRANSFERRED IF THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED DOCUMENTATION REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT
REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 

THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS WARRANT, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR
ASSIGN THIS WARRANT EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED. 

FORM OF WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 

For the Purchase of Up to [] Shares of Common Stock 

of 

KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS,
INC. 

1. Warrant. This Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (this Warrant), issued on [], 2025 (the
Issuance Date), hereby certifies that, for value received by KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), [], a [] ( Holder), as
registered owner of this Warrant, is entitled, at any time or from time to time on or after the Issuance Date and at or before 4:00 p.m., Central Time, on [], 2030 (the Expiration Time), but not thereafter, to
subscribe for, purchase and receive, in whole or in part, up to [] shares of Common Stock (as may be adjusted pursuant to Article 6, the Warrant Shares), at a price per Warrant Share of $0.01
(as may be adjusted pursuant to Article 6, the Exercise Price), subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

2. Exercise. Holder may exercise this Warrant, in whole or in part, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this
Article 2 below. 

2.1 Exercise Form. In order to exercise this Warrant, the form of Notice of Exercise
attached hereto as Annex A (the Exercise Form) must be duly executed and completed and delivered to the Company in facsimile copy or e-mail attachment, together with this
Warrant for the surrender and cancellation thereof (to the extent described below), and if a cash exercise is elected, payment of the Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares being purchased payable in cash by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to an account designated by the Company or by certified check or official bank check (each date on which all such items are delivered to the Company, an Exercise Date). No
ink-original Exercise Form shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Exercise Form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company for cancellation. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of 

Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. Any rights represented hereby that have not been exercised by the Expiration Time shall become and be void without further force or
effect, and all rights to exercise this Warrant represented hereby shall cease and expire at the Expiration Time. If the date on which the Expiration Time is set to occur is not a Business Day, then the Expiration Time shall be deemed to be extended
to 4:00 p.m., Central Time, on the next succeeding Business Day. 

2.2 Cashless Exercise. Holder may elect in its sole discretion to
exercise this Warrant through a cashless exercise in lieu of paying the Exercise Price in cash, pursuant to which Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares computed using the following formula: 

X = 

Y (A-B) 

A 

Where X = the number of Warrant Shares to be issued to Holder by the Company 

Y = the number of Warrant Shares that Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (as of the date of such calculation) 

A = the Per Share Price (as of the date of such calculation) 

B = the Exercise Price (as may be adjusted pursuant to Article 6). 

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrants. The Company agrees not to take any
position contrary to the foregoing sentence. 

3. Delivery of Warrant Shares. 

3.1 As promptly as reasonably practicable on or after an Exercise Date, and in any event within two (2) Business Days thereafter, the
Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to issue book-entry interests representing the number of Warrant Shares exercised on such Exercise Date to the account designated by Holder in the Exercise Form. Such issuance and delivery shall be made without
charge to Holder for any issue or transfer tax (other than any such taxes in respect of any transfer by Holder to another person occurring contemporaneously therewith), Transfer Agent fee or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance, all
of which such taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company. 

3.2 Legend. Other than as provided below, the Warrant Shares issued
upon the exercise of this Warrant shall bear a legend as follows: 

THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT). THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN EFFECT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM
REGISTRATION THEREUNDER, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND, IN THE CASE OF A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, SUCH SECURITIES MAY ONLY BE TRANSFERRED IF THE COMPANY HAS
RECEIVED DOCUMENTATION REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 

2 

If this Warrant is exercised and (A) there is then an effective registration statement
permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to, or resale of the Warrant Shares by, Holder, or (B) the Warrant Shares are (x) eligible for resale by Holder pursuant to Rule 144 at the time of sale of such Warrant Shares or
(y) eligible for resale by Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144, then the Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased
hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to Holder by crediting the account of Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system. The Company shall,
at the request of Holder, promptly deliver all the necessary documentation to cause the Transfer Agent to promptly remove all restrictive legends from any of the Warrant Shares pursuant to the foregoing, and promptly deliver or cause its legal
counsel to promptly deliver to the Transfer Agent the necessary legal opinions or instruction letters required by the Transfer Agent, if any, to promptly effectuate the foregoing, subject to receipt of customary representation letters from Holder
and, if applicable, its broker. 

4. Transfer. 

4.1 General Restrictions. Holder may sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate (Transfer) this Warrant,
in whole or in part, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws and the terms of this Warrant. In order to make any Transfer, Holder must deliver to the Company the form of Notice of Transfer attached hereto as Annex B (the
Transfer Form), duly executed and completed by Holder, together with this Warrant for the surrender and cancellation thereof and remit the payment of all transfer taxes, if any, payable in connection therewith. Within two
(2) Business Days of the Companys receipt of such Transfer Form, this Warrant and reasonably satisfactory evidence of the remittal of payment for all applicable transfer taxes, if any, the Company shall transfer the rights under this
Warrant, in whole or in part, on the books of the Company, cancel this Warrant and execute and deliver a new warrant or warrants of like tenor to the appropriate Transferee(s) expressly evidencing the right to purchase the aggregate number of
Warrant Shares Transferred pursuant to this Section 4.1 (subject to the execution thereof by such Transferee(s)) and, if applicable, to Holder in accordance with Section 5.1. 

4.2 Restrictions Imposed by the Securities Act. This Warrant and the Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise hereof shall not be
Transferred unless and until: (a) the Company has received an opinion of counsel for Holder reasonably acceptable to the Company that the securities may be transferred pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and
applicable state securities laws, the availability of which is established to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company (provided that no such opinion of counsel shall be required in connection with sales of Warrant Shares under Rule 144 of
the Securities Act); or (b) a registration statement or a post-effective amendment to a registration statement relating to the offer and sale of such securities has been filed by the Company and declared effective by the Commission and
compliance with applicable state securities law has been established to the Companys satisfaction, acting reasonably and in good faith. 

5.
New Warrants to be Issued. 

5.1 Partial Exercise or Transfer. Subject to the restrictions in
Article 4, this Warrant may be exercised or Transferred in whole or in part. In the event that the exercise or the Transfer hereof is in part only, upon surrender of this Warrant for cancellation, together with the duly
executed Exercise Form or Transfer Form, as applicable, and funds sufficient to pay any Exercise Price and/or transfer tax, the Company shall cause to be delivered to Holder without charge a new warrant of like tenor to this Warrant in the name of
Holder evidencing the right of Holder to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder as to which this Warrant has not been exercised or Transferred (subject to Holders execution thereof). 

5.2 Lost Certificate. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or
mutilation of this Warrant, including a certification by Holder thereof, and of reasonably satisfactory indemnification or the posting of a bond, the Company shall execute and deliver a new warrant of like tenor and date (subject to Holders
execution thereof). Any such new warrant executed and delivered as a result of such loss, theft, mutilation or destruction shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation on the part of the Company. 

3 

6. Adjustments. 

6.1 Adjustments to Number of Warrant Shares. In the event that the Company (a) pays a dividend in shares of Common Stock or makes
a distribution in shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent security payable in shares of Common Stock to holders of its outstanding Common Stock, (b) subdivides (by any split, recapitalization or otherwise) its
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares Common Stock, or (c) combines (by any combination, reverse split or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock, then the
remaining number of Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant in full immediately prior to any such dividend, distribution, subdivision, or combination shall be proportionately adjusted such that Holder will thereafter receive upon
exercise in full of this Warrant the aggregate number of Warrant Shares that Holder would have owned immediately following such action if this Warrant had been exercised in full immediately before the record date, if any, for such action. Any
adjustment made pursuant to this Section 6.1 shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such event retroactive to the record date, if any, for such event. 

6.2 Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 6.1 above, if at any time the
Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants or securities or other property pro rata to all (or substantially all) of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock
(Purchase Rights), then Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which Holder would have acquired if Holder had held the number of shares of Common
Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record date
is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights. 

6.3 Extraordinary Transactions. If the Company effects any Extraordinary Transaction, then upon consummation of such Extraordinary
Transaction, this Warrant shall automatically become exercisable for the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets which Holder would have owned immediately after the consummation of such Extraordinary Transaction if Holder had exercised
in full this Warrant immediately before the consummation of such Extraordinary Transaction. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon the consummation of such
Extraordinary Transaction, then Holder shall be given the same choice as to such consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Extraordinary Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, if this
Section 6.3 applies to transaction, Section 6.1 shall not apply. 

6.4 Adjustments
to Exercise Price. Upon any adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares subject to this Warrant pursuant to this Article 6, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted concurrently therewith to equal the product of (a) the
Exercise Price (as it may have been previously adjusted pursuant to this Section 6.4) and (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the total number of Warrant Shares subject to issuance upon the exercise of this
Warrant in full before giving effect to such adjustment, and the denominator of which is the total number of Warrant Shares subject to issuance upon the exercise of this Warrant as so adjusted pursuant to this Article 6.

4 

6.5 No Changes in Form of Warrant. This Warrant need not be amended or modified
because of any adjustment pursuant to this Article 6, and any Warrant issued after the occurrence of an event requiring an adjustment under this Article 6 may state the same Exercise Price and the
same number of Warrant Shares as are stated in this Warrant, subject to Section 5.1. The acceptance by Holder of the issuance of any new warrant reflecting a required or permissive change shall not be deemed to waive any
rights to an adjustment occurring after the Issuance Date or the computation thereof. 

6.6 Elimination of Fractional Interests. The
Company shall not be required to issue fractional shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, nor shall it be required to issue scrip or pay cash in lieu of any fractional interests, it being the intent of the parties that all
fractional interests shall be eliminated by rounding any fraction up or down, as the case may be, to the nearest whole number of Warrant Shares or other securities, properties or rights. 

7. Reservation; Listing. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized shares of Common Stock, solely for the
purpose of issuance upon exercise of this Warrant, such number of Warrant Shares as shall be issuable upon the full exercise of this Warrant. The Company covenants and agrees that, upon exercise of this Warrant and payment of the Exercise Price
therefor (whether in cash or by the cashless exercise procedure described in Section 2.2), in accordance with the terms hereof, all Warrant Shares and other securities issuable upon such exercise shall be duly and validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Warrant Shares shall be issued at less than their par value. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause all
Warrant Shares to be approved for listing, subject to official notice of issuance, on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Common Stock has been listed. 

8. Registration Requirements. 

8.1 The Company agrees that, within 90 calendar days following the Issuance Date, the Company shall file with the Commission a shelf
registration statement (the Registration Statement) registering the resale of the Warrant Shares on a delayed and continuous basis, and the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to have the Registration
Statement declared effective as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter and maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement until the earlier of such time as (a) all of the Warrant Shares have been sold thereunder and (b) all of
the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale without restriction and without the need for current public information pursuant to Rule 144(b) under the Securities Act; provided,however, that the Companys obligation to
include the resale of the Warrant Shares in the Registration Statement is contingent upon Holder furnishing in writing to the Company such information regarding Holder, the securities of the Company held by Holder and the intended method of
disposition of the Warrant Shares as shall be reasonably requested by the Company to effect the registration of the Warrant Shares, and executing such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request that are
customary of a selling shareholder in similar situations. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Warrant Shares but Holder shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal
counsel selected by Holder to represent it in connection with the sale of the Warrant Shares. 

8.2 Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, the Company may, upon written notice to Holder, (a) delay the filing of the Registration Statement, (b) delay requesting effectiveness of such Registration Statement or (c) if such Registration Statement has
already become effective, suspend the use of any prospectus which is a part of the Registration Statement if the board of directors of the Company (the Board) determines in its reasonable good faith judgment that such use
or filing would: (i) materially interfere with a significant acquisition, corporate organization, financing, securities offering or other similar transaction involving the Company or its subsidiaries; (ii) require premature disclosure of
material non-public information regarding the Company and its subsidiaries (Non-Public Information) that the Company has a bona fide business
purpose for preserving as confidential; or (iii) render the Company unable to materially comply with requirements under the Securities Act or the 

5 

Exchange Act (each of items (a) through (c) above, an Allowed Delay); provided that the Company shall promptly (A) notify Holder in writing of the
commencement of an Allowed Delay, and (B) advise Holder in writing to cease all sales under the Registration Statement until the end of such Allowed Delay (in which event Holder shall discontinue sales of Warrant Shares pursuant to such
Registration Statement but Holder may settle any contracted sales of Warrant Shares), in both cases which notice shall not contain any material non-public information regarding the Company; provided,further, that in no event shall the Company delay or suspend under this Section 8.2 for a period that, in aggregate, exceeds 90 calendar days during any 180-day period or
120 calendar days during any 365-day period. Upon notice by the Company to Holder of any determination to delay the filing of the Registration Statement, delay requesting effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or suspend the use of any prospectus which is a part of the Registration Statement, Holder shall keep the fact of any such suspension strictly confidential and shall not use or disclose such notice or information to any Person other than
Holders legal counsel or as required by applicable Law. Upon disclosure of such information or the termination of the condition described above, the Company shall provide prompt notice to Holder and shall promptly terminate any suspension of
sales it has put into effect and shall take such other actions to permit registered sales of Warrant Shares as contemplated in this Article 8. 

8.3 The Company shall promptly advise Holder: (A) when a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto has been filed with the
Commission and when such Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto has become effective; (B) of any request by the Commission for amendments or supplements to any Registration Statement or the prospectus included therein or
for additional information; (C) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for such purpose; (D) of the receipt by the Company of any
notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Warrant Shares included therein for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; and (E) subject to the provisions in this
Warrant, of the occurrence of any event that requires the making of any changes in any Registration Statement or prospectus so that, as of such date, the statements therein are not misleading and do not omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of a prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Company shall not,
when so advising Holder of such events, provide Holder with any Non-Public Information other than to the extent that providing notice to Holder of the occurrence of the events listed in clauses
(A) through (E) above constitutes Non-Public Information or subjects the Holder to any duty of confidentiality. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the withdrawal of any
order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement if such order should be issued. Except for such times as the Company is permitted under this Warrant to suspend, and has suspended, the use of a prospectus forming part of a
Registration Statement as contemplated by this Warrant, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to as soon as reasonably practicable and as applicable prepare a post-effective amendment to such Registration Statement or a
supplement to the related prospectus, or file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered to purchasers of the Warrant Shares included therein, such prospectus will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

8.4 The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless, to the extent permitted by Law, Holder, its directors, and officers, employees, and
agents, and each Person who controls Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act) and each Affiliate of Holder (within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act), to the extent Holder is a seller under the
Registration Statement, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, any reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred in connection with defending or investigating any such
action or claim) caused by any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any 

6 

Registration Statement, prospectus included in any Registration Statement or preliminary prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of a prospectus, in light of the circumstances in which they were made) not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any
information furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of Holder expressly for use therein. Holder agrees, in connection with any Registration Statement under which Holder is a seller, severally and not jointly with any other Holder, to
indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its Affiliates and its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, and each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act) against any
losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred in connection with defending or investigating any such action or claim) resulting from any untrue statement of
material fact contained in the Registration Statement, prospectus or preliminary prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein (in the case of a prospectus, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made) not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained (or not contained, in the case of an omission) in
any information or affidavit so furnished by or on behalf of Holder expressly for use therein. In no event shall the liability of Holder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by Holder upon the sale of the Warrant
Shares giving rise to such indemnification obligation. Any Person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the
failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any Persons right to indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such
claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent. An indemnifying party
who elects not to assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of
legal counsel to any indemnified party a conflict of interest exists between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party,
consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement does
not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. The indemnification provided for under this Warrant shall remain
in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director, employee, agent, Affiliate or controlling Person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of the Warrant
or Warrant Shares. If the indemnification provided under this Article 8 from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities
and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and
expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified
party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made (or not made, in
the case of an omission) by, or relates to information supplied (or not supplied, in the case of an omission) by or on behalf of, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the other
limitations set forth in this Article 8, any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection 

7 

with any investigation or proceeding. No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant
to this Article 8 from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. Any contribution pursuant to this Article 8 by any seller of Warrant Shares shall be limited in amount to
the amount of net proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Warrant Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in no event will any party be liable for consequential, special,
exemplary or punitive damages in connection with this Warrant. 

9. Representations and Warranties of Holder. Holder hereby represents and
warrants to, acknowledges to and agrees with the Company as of the date hereof: 

(a) 

Organization, Existence and Qualification. Holder is an entity that has been duly organized and is
validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of organization. 

(b) 

Authorization and Enforceability. Holder has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver
this Warrant and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance by Holder of this Warrant have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary requisite action on the part of Holder. This Warrant has
been duly executed and delivered by Holder and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Holder, enforceable against Holder in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy or other similar Laws
affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally as well as to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

(c) 

No Violation. The execution, delivery and performance by Holder of this Warrant do not and will not,
with or without notice or the passage of time or both: (i) violate any provision of the organizational documents of Holder; (ii) conflict with or violate or breach the terms of, result in a default under, result in the creation of any lien
under or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation, forfeiture, suspension, adverse modification, or acceleration under any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, credit agreement or other contract to which Holder is a party or by which it is
bound; (iii) violate any judgment, order, ruling, regulation or decree applicable to Holder as a party in interest; or (iv) violate any Law applicable to Holder or any of its assets, except any matters described in clauses (ii), (iii) and
(iv) above which would not have a material adverse effect on the ability of Holder to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(d) 

Consents, Approvals or Waivers. All consents, approvals, authorizations or waivers from, and any
registrations or filings with or notifications to, any Governmental Authority required on the part of Holder in connection with Holders execution, delivery or performance of this Warrant and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby have been obtained and are effective as of the date hereof. 

(e) 

Investment Intent. Holder understands that this Warrant and the Warrant Shares, as applicable, are
restricted securities and as of the date hereof, have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable federal and state securities laws. Holder is acquiring this Warrant and, upon exercise of this Warrant, the Warrant
Shares, as principal for its own account for investment purposes only and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Warrant or Warrant Shares, as applicable, has no present intention of distributing any of such Warrant or Warrant
Shares, as applicable, and has no arrangement 

8 

or understanding with any other Persons regarding the distribution of such Warrant or Warrant Shares, as applicable, in any transaction in violation of the applicable federal and state securities
laws in the United States (this representation and warranty not limiting Holders right to sell or otherwise dispose of this Warrant or the Warrant Shares, as applicable, in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws in the
United States and in compliance with other agreed restrictions). Holder does not have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute any part of this Warrant or the Warrant Shares, as applicable. Holder
understands and acknowledges that this Warrant and the Warrant Shares, as applicable, may be subject to certain resale restrictions under applicable securities laws. Holder also acknowledges that it has been advised to consult its own legal counsel
with respect to applicable resale restrictions and that it is solely responsible for complying with such restrictions (and that, without limiting the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Warrant, the Company is not in any
manner responsible for ensuring compliance by Holder with such restrictions). 

(f) 

Holder Status. Holder is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the
Securities Act. 

(g) 

Legends. Holder understands that the Warrant Shares will bear a restrictive legend at such time as set
forth in Section 3.2. 

(h) 

Experience of Holder. Holder, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge,
sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in this Warrant and the Warrant Shares, as applicable, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of
such investment. Holder is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in this Warrant and the Warrant Shares, as applicable, and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(i) 

Access to Information. Holder acknowledges that it has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask
such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of this Warrant and the Warrant Shares and the merits and risks of investing in this
Warrant and the Warrant Shares; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to this Warrant and the purchase of the Warrant
Shares; and (iv) the opportunity to ask questions of management. Holder has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed decision with respect to its acquisition of this Warrant and the Warrant
Shares, as applicable. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Holder acknowledges that the Company and its representatives may possess Non-Public Information not known to Holder that may be
material to a reasonable investor, such as Holder, when making investment decisions, including the decision to enter into this Warrant or exercise this Warrant, and Holders decision to enter into this Warrant or exercise this Warrant, as
applicable, is being made with full recognition and acknowledgment that the Company is privy to Non-Public Information, irrespective of whether such Non-Public
Information has been provided to Holder. This Section 9(i) is not intended to, and shall not, limit the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Warrant. 

9 

(j) 

Independent Investment Decision. Holder has independently evaluated the merits of its decision to enter
into this Warrant and purchase the Warrant Shares, as applicable, and Holder confirms that it has not relied on the advice of any other Persons business and/or legal counsel in making such decision. Holder understands that nothing in this
Warrant or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to such Holder in connection with this Warrant or the purchase of the Warrant Shares, as applicable, constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Holder has consulted such
legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with this Warrant and its purchase of the Warrant Shares, as applicable. This Section 9(j) is not intended
to, and shall not, limit the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Warrant. 

(k) 

No Reliance. Holder has not relied on any representation or warranty in connection with this Warrant or
purchase of the Warrant Shares, as applicable, other than those contained in this Warrant. 

10. Representations and Warranties of
the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to Holder as follows as of the date of this Warrant: 

(a) 

Organization; Existence and Qualification. The Company is duly incorporated and is validly existing and
in good standing under the Laws of the state of its formation, is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which it is required to qualify in order to conduct its business, except where the failure to so qualify
would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) 

Authorization and Enforceability. 

i. 

The Company has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Warrant and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Warrant and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
of the Company. 

ii. 

(A) This Warrant has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and (B) this Warrant constitutes
the valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except, in the case of clause (B) above, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium or other similar Laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally as well as to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

(c) 

No Violation. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Warrant do not, and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, with or without notice or the passage of time or both: (i) violate any provision of the organizational documents of the Company; (ii) violate or breach the terms of, result in
a default under, result in the creation of any lien, or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation, forfeiture, suspension, adverse modification, or acceleration under (x) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture or credit agreement to
which the Company is a party and (y) any other contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its assets are subject; (iii) violate any judgment, order, ruling, regulation or decree applicable to the
Company or any of its properties or assets; or (iv) violate any Law applicable to the Company or any of its properties or assets, except for matters described in clauses (ii), (iii)or (iv) above which would not reasonably be expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

10 

(d) 

Consents, Approvals or Waivers. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Warrant
(including the authorization, issuance and delivery of the Warrant Shares) will not be subject to or require any consent, approval, authorization, or waiver from, or any registration or filing with or notification to, any Person, except for
(i) filings required by federal and state securities laws, (ii) the approval for listing on the Nasdaq of the Warrant Shares; and (iii) such consents as have been obtained or where the failure of the Company to obtain or make any such
consent, approval, authorization, order, filing or registration would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

11. No Rights as Shareholder until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder of the
Company prior to the exercise hereof. 

12. Certain Notice Requirements. 

12.1 Holders Right to Receive Notice. If at any time prior to the earlier to occur of the Expiration Time or the
exercise of this Warrant in full, any of the events described in Section 12.2 shall occur, then, in one or more of said events, the Company shall give written notice of such event at least five (5) Business Days prior
to the date fixed as a record date or the date of closing the transfer books for the determination of the shareholders entitled to such dividend, distribution, conversion or exchange of securities or subscription rights, or entitled to vote on such
proposed dissolution, liquidation, winding up or sale. Such notice shall specify such record date or the date of the closing of the transfer books, as the case may be. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall deliver to Holder a copy of
each notice given to any of the other shareholders of the Company at the same time and in the same manner that any such notice is given to the shareholders. 

12.2 Events Requiring Notice. The Company shall be required to give the notice described in this Article 12
upon one or more of the following events: (a) if the Company shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them to receive any dividend or other distribution, (b) the Company shall offer to all or
substantially all of the holders of its Common Stock any additional shares of capital stock of the Company or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company, or any option, right or warrant to subscribe
therefor, or (c) a dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company (other than in connection with a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation) or a sale of all or substantially all of its property, assets and business shall be
proposed. In addition to and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Company shall be required to give the notice described in this Article 12 prior to consummating any transaction set forth in clauses
(a) through (e) of the definition of Extraordinary Transaction, irrespective of whether such transaction entitles the holders of Common Stock to receive (either directly or upon subsequent liquidation) stock, securities or assets
(including cash) with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock; provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to give such notice prior to such transaction being publicly disclosed. 

12.3 Notice of Change in Exercise Price. The Company shall, promptly after an event requiring an adjustment pursuant to
Article 6, send notice to Holder, which shall describe such event causing the change and the method of calculating same. 

11 

12.4 Transmittal of Notices. All notices that are required or may be given pursuant
to this Warrant shall be sufficient in all respects if given in writing. Any such notice shall be deemed given (a) when made, if made by hand delivery, and upon confirmation of receipt, if made by electronic mail transmission, (b) one
(1) Business Day after being deposited with a next-day courier, postage prepaid or (c) three (3) Business Days after being sent certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, in each case addressed as follows: 

If to Holder: 

[] 

Attention: []

Email: [] 

With a copy
(which shall not constitute notice) to: 

White & Case LLP 

555 South Flower Street, Suite 2700 

Los Angeles, CA 90071 

Attention:
Daniel Nussen; Christoffer Adler 

Email: [*] 

If to the Company: 

KLX Energy
Services Holdings, Inc. 

3040 Post Oak Boulevard, 15th Floor 

Houston, TX 77056 

Attention: Max
L. Bouthillette 

Email: [*] 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. 

845 Texas Ave, Suite 4700 

Houston, TX 77002 

Attention:
Sarah K. Morgan; Katherine Terrell Frank 

Email: [*] 

13. Tax Treatment of Warrant. The Company and the Holder intend to treat this Warrant as Common Stock and the exercise of this Warrant for
Common Stock as a nonevent for U.S. federal and applicable state and local income tax purposes. 

14. Miscellaneous. 

14.1 Amendments. The terms of this Warrant may be amended only with the written consent of the Company and Holder. 

14.2 Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or
affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Warrant. 

14.3 Entire Agreement. This Warrant
(together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Warrant) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

12 

14.4 Binding Effect. This Warrant shall inure solely to the benefit of, and shall be
binding upon, Holder and the Company and their permitted assignees, respective successors, legal representatives and assigns, and no other Person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of
or by virtue of this Warrant or any provisions herein contained. 

14.5 Applicable Law. This Warrant and any claim, controversy or
dispute arising under or related to this Warrant shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the Laws of, the State of New York without regard to its principles regarding conflicts of law. 

14.6 Jurisdiction. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in the State of New York and in the federal courts in the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Warrant, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment in connection therewith, and each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in
such courts, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law. 

14.7 Waiver of Venue. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Warrant in any court referred to
in Section 14.6. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such
court. 

14.8 Service of Process. Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in any action or proceeding arising
out of or relating to this Warrant in the manner provided for notices in Section 12.4. Nothing herein shall affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable Law. 

14.9 Waiver of Jury Trial. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
AND COVENANTS THAT IT WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE) ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY FORUM IN RESPECT OF ANY ISSUE, CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING IN WHOLE OR IN PART UNDER, RELATED TO, BASED ON,
OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS WARRANT OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT OR CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE. ANY PARTY MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS
SECTION 14.9 WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF EACH SUCH PARTY TO THE WAIVER OF ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

14.10 Waiver, etc. The failure of the Company or Holder to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Warrant shall not be
deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Warrant or any provision hereof or the right of the Company or Holder to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Warrant. No waiver
of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Warrant shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the
party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall be construed or
deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

13 

15. Defined Terms. As used herein: 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with such Person. 

Business Day means any
day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the banks are authorized or required by applicable Law to close in the City of New York, New York. 

Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share. 

Control (including the terms Controlled by and under common Control
with) with respect to any Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to exercise or determine the voting of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting rights in a corporation, and, in the case of any other type
of entity, the right to exercise or determine the voting of more than fifty percent (50%) of the equity interests having voting rights, or otherwise to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by contract
or otherwise. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Extraordinary Transaction means, whether through one transaction or a series of related transactions, any
(a) recapitalization of the Company, (b) reclassification of the capital stock of the Company (other than (i) a change in par value, from par value to no par value, from no par value to par value or (ii) as a result of a stock
dividend or subdivision, split up or combination of shares of Common Stock to which Section 6.1 applies), (c) consolidation or merger of the Company with and into another Person or of another Person with and into the
Company (whether or not the Company is the surviving entity of such consolidation or merger), (d) sale or lease of all or substantially all of the Companys assets (on a consolidated basis) or capital stock to another Person or
(e) other similar transaction, in each case, that entitles the holders of Common Stock to receive (either directly or upon subsequent liquidation) stock, securities or assets (including cash) with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common
Stock. 

Governmental Authority means any federal, state, local or foreign government and/or any political
subdivision thereof, including departments, courts, arbitrators, commissions, boards, bureaus, ministries, agencies or other instrumentalities. 

Laws means all laws, statutes, constitutions, rules, regulations, ordinances, orders, decrees, requirements,
judgments and codes of Governmental Authorities. 

Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on
(a) the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business or operations, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity or (b) the
Companys ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Nasdaq means the Nasdaq Global
Select Market. 

14 

Per Share Price means: (a) if the Companys Common Stock
is traded on a securities exchange, the Per Share Price shall be deemed to be the closing price of Companys Common Stock as quoted on any exchange for the trading day immediately prior to the applicable Exercise Date, as reported by Bloomberg;
(b) if the Companys Common Stock is actively traded over-the-counter, the Per Share Price shall be deemed to be the closing bid or sales price, whichever is
applicable, of the Companys Common Stock for the trading day immediately prior to the applicable Exercise Date, as reported by Bloomberg; or (c) if neither clause (a) nor (b) above is applicable, the Per Share Price shall be
determined in good faith by the Board based on relevant facts and circumstances at the time of the cashless exercise under Section 2.2, including in the case of a change of control of the Company the consideration
receivable by the holders of the Common Stock in such change of control, in each case of clauses (a) through (c) above, as may be adjusted pursuant to Article 6. 

Person (including the term Persons) means any individual, partnership, firm, corporation,
limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Transfer Agent means Computershare Trust Company, N.A., or such other entity as the Company may designate to act as
the transfer agent for its Common Stock from time to time. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Warrant to be duly executed
as of the date hereof. 

KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: Max L. Bouthillette

Title: Executive Vice President, General

Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and

Secretary

[SIGNATURE
PAGETO WARRANT AGREEMENT - KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC.] 

[]

By: 

Name:

Title:

[SIGNATURE
PAGETO WARRANT AGREEMENT - HOLDER] 

Annex A 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 

Date: __________,
20___ 

The undersigned hereby elects irrevocably to exercise the Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (the Warrant)
attached hereto for surrender and cancellation for ______ shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Warrant Shares), of KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and hereby [check one]: 

makes payment of $_________ (at the rate of $____ per Warrant
Share) in payment of the Exercise Price pursuant thereto; or 

elects to exercise the Warrant on a cashless basis and to convert
its right to purchase ________ Warrant Shares under the Warrant for ______ Warrant Shares, in accordance with the following formula: 

X = 

Y (A-B) 

A 

Where X = the number of Warrant Shares to be issued to Holder by the Company 

Y = the number of Warrant Shares that Holder elects to purchase under the Warrant (as of the date of such calculation) 

A = the Per Share Price which is equal to $_______. 

B = the Exercise Price which is equal to $_______ per Warrant Share. 

Please issue the Warrant Shares as to which the Warrant is exercised and, if applicable, a new warrant of like tenor representing the number
of Warrant Shares for which the Warrant has not been exercised. 

Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning
ascribed to such terms in the Warrant. 

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Annex B 

NOTICE OF TRANSFER 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
__________________ does hereby sell, assign and transfer unto __________________ the right to purchase _________ shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), evidenced by the Warrant to Purchase Common Stock attached hereto for surrender and cancellation and does hereby authorize the Company to transfer such right on the books of the Company. 

Dated: __________, 20__ 

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d889500dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

Dated as of March 7, 2025 

KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC., 

THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO AS LENDERS 

ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL LLC, 

as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 

and 

ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL
LLC, 

as FILO Administrative Agent 

ECLIPSE
BUSINESS CAPITAL LLC, 

as Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Table of Contents 

Page 

1. Definitions 1 

1.1 UCC Definitions 1 

1.2 Defined Terms 1 

1.3 Other Definitional Provisions 49 

1.4 Divisions 50 

1.5 Rates 50 

2. Amount and Terms of Revolving Credit Commitments 50 

2.1 Revolving Credit Commitments 50 

2.2 Proceeds of Loans 51 

2.3 Issuance of Letters of Credit 51 

2.4 Participating Interests 53 

2.5 Procedure for Opening Letters of Credit 53 

2.6 Payments in Respect of Letters of Credit 54 

2.7 Participations 55 

2.8 Protective Advances 55 

2.9 FILO Credit Commitments 56 

3. Amount and Terms of Incremental Loans 57 

3.1 Requests for Incremental Loans 57 

3.2 Ranking and Other Provisions 57 

3.3 Lender Commitments 57 

3.4 Incremental Facility Amendment 57 

3.5 Effective Date and Allocations 57 

3.6 Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase 58 

3.7 Effect of Incremental Facility Amendment 58 

3.8 Revolving Credit Commitment Increase 58 

3.9 Conflicting Provisions 59 

4. [RESERVED] 59 

5. General Provisions Applicable to Loans and Letters of
Credit 59 

5.1 Procedure for Borrowing by the Company 59 

5.2 Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 60 

5.3 [RESERVED] 62 

i 

5.4 Termination of Commitment Amounts 62 

5.5 Optional Prepayments 62 

5.6 Mandatory Prepayments 63 

5.7 Interest Rates and Payment Dates 64 

5.8 Computation of Interest and Fees 64 

5.9 Commitment Fees 64 

5.10 Certain Fees 65 

5.11 Letter of Credit Fees 65 

5.12 Letter of Credit Reserves 65 

5.13 Further Assurances 66 

5.14 Obligations Absolute 66 

5.15 Assignments 67 

5.16 Participations 67 

5.17 Inability to Determine Interest Rate for SOFR Loans; Benchmark Replacement 67 

5.18 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments 69 

5.19 Illegality 72 

5.20 Requirements of Law 72 

5.21 [RESERVED] 74 

5.22 Replacement of Lenders 74 

5.23 Taxes 74 

5.24 Defaulting Lenders 78 

5.25 Cash Dominion 80 

6. Representations and Warranties 81 

6.1 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law 81 

6.2 Corporate Power; Authorization 81 

6.3 Enforceable Obligations 82 

6.4 No Conflict with Law or Contractual Obligations 82 

6.5 No Material Litigation 82 

6.6 Borrowing Base Calculation 82 

6.7 Investment Company Act 82 

6.8 Federal Reserve Regulations 82 

6.9 No Default 83 

6.10 Taxes 83 

6.11 Subsidiaries 83 

ii 

6.12 Ownership of Property; Liens 83 

6.13 ERISA 83 

6.14 Environmental Matters 84 

6.15 Accuracy and Completeness of Financial Statements 84 

6.16 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities 84 

6.17 No Material Adverse Effect 85 

6.18 Solvency 85 

6.19 Intellectual Property 85 

6.20 Creation and Perfection of Security Interests 85 

6.21 Accuracy and Completeness of Disclosure 86 

6.22 Insurance 86 

6.23 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 86 

6.24 Patriot Act 87 

6.25 Burdensome Restrictions 87 

6.26 Labor Matters 87 

6.27 Qualified Eligible Contract Participant 87 

6.28 Affected Financial Institutions 87 

7. Conditions Precedent 87 

7.1 Conditions to Execution Date 87 

7.2 Conditions to Funding Date 89 

7.3 Conditions to All Loans and Letters of Credit 93 

8. Affirmative Covenants 93 

8.1 Financial Statements 93 

8.2 Certificates; Other Information 95 

8.3 Payment of Other Obligations 97 

8.4 Continuation of Business and Maintenance of Existence and Material Rights and Privileges 98 

8.5 Compliance with All Applicable Laws and Regulations and Material Contractual Obligations 98 

8.6 Maintenance of Property; Insurance 98 

8.7 Maintenance of Books and Records 98 

8.8 Right of the Lenders to Inspect Property and Books and Records 99 

8.9 Notices 99 

8.10 Subsidiary Guaranties and Collateral 100 

8.11 Compliance with Environmental Laws 105 

iii 

8.12 Appraisals; Field Examinations 105 

8.13 Further Assurances 106 

8.14 [Reserved] 106 

8.15 Anti-Corruption; Sanctions 106 

8.16 Accuracy of Information 106 

8.17 Casualty and Condemnations 107 

8.18 Keepwell 107 

9. Negative Covenants 107 

9.1 Financial Covenants 107 

9.2 Indebtedness 108 

9.3 Limitation on Liens 111 

9.4 Use of Proceeds 114 

9.5 Prohibition on Fundamental Changes 114 

9.6 Prohibition on Sale of Assets 115 

9.7 Limitation on Investments, Loans and Advances 116 

9.8 Amendments to Organizational Documents; Amendments to Notes Documents 118 

9.9 Restricted Payments 119 

9.10 Transaction with Affiliates 119 

9.11 Swap Contracts 120 

9.12 Other Indebtedness 120 

9.13 Fiscal Year 120 

9.14 Restrictive Agreements 121 

9.15 Limitation on Guarantees 121 

9.16 Sale and Leaseback Transactions 121 

9.17 Unrestricted Subsidiaries 121 

9.18 Net Capital Expenditures 122 

9.19 Independence of Covenants 122 

10. Events of Default 122 

10.1 Events of Default 122 

10.2 Certain Remedies with Respect to the FILO Credit Facility 125 

10.3 Equity Cure 126 

iv 

11. The Administrative Agent; The Collateral Agent; The L/C
Issuers 127 

11.1 Appointment 127 

11.2 Delegation of Duties 127 

11.3 Exculpatory Provisions 128 

11.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent 128 

11.5 Notice of Default 128 

11.6 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, FILO Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger and Other Lenders 129 

11.7 Indemnification 129 

11.8 Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent in its Individual Capacity 130 

11.9 Successor Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent 130 

11.10 L/C Issuer as Issuer of Letters of Credit 131 

11.11 Certain ERISA Matters 131 

11.12 Credit Bidding 132 

11.13 Acknowledgments of Lenders and L/C Issuers 134 

11.14 Collateral Matters 135 

12. Miscellaneous 137 

12.1 Amendments and Waivers 137 

12.2 Notices 140 

12.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 142 

12.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties 142 

12.5 Payment of Expenses; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification 142 

12.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations; Purchasing Lenders 144 

12.7 Adjustments; Set-off; Cashless Settlement 147 

12.8 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 148 

12.9 [Reserved] 150 

12.10 GOVERNING LAW; NO THIRD PARTY RIGHTS 150 

12.11 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVERS 150 

12.12 No Fiduciary Duty, etc. 151 

12.13 Confidentiality 152 

12.14 USA Patriot Act 154 

12.15 Flood Insurance Provisions 154 

12.16 Severability 154 

12.17 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 154 

12.18 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 155 

v 

13. CERTAIN ADDITIONAL MATTERS PERTAINING TO FILO CREDIT
LOANS 155 

13.1 Post-Petition Financing; Insolvency Proceedings 155 

13.2 Separate Classifications 157 

13.3 Avoidance and Reinstatement 158 

13.4 Payments Over 158 

13.5 Subrogation 158 

13.6 FILO Purchase Option 158 

vi 

SCHEDULES: 

Schedule 1A 

Commitment Amounts

Schedule 1B 

Existing Money Market Funds

Schedule 1C 

Deposit Accounts

Schedule 1.01 

Specified Letters of Credit

Schedule 6.11 

Domestic Subsidiaries

Schedule 6.12 

Leasehold Interests

Schedule 6.22 

Insurance

Schedule 9.2(h) 

Indebtedness

Schedule 9.2(j) 

Contingent Obligations

Schedule 9.3 

Existing Liens

Schedule 9.6 

Permitted Asset Sales

Schedule 9.7 

Investments, Loans and Advances

Schedule 9.10 

Transaction with Affiliates

Schedule 9.14 

Restrictive Agreements

EXHIBITS: 

Exhibit A 

Form of Pledge and Security Agreement

Exhibit B-1 

Form of Company Closing Certificate (Secretary)

Exhibit B-2 

Form of Company Closing Certificate (Officer)

Exhibit C-1 

Form of Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit D 

Form of Notice of Borrowing

Exhibit E 

Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit F 

Form of Subordination Terms and Conditions of Intercompany Note

Exhibit G 

Form of Credit Party Accession Agreement

Exhibit H 

Form of Guaranty

Exhibit I 

Form of Solvency Certificate

Exhibit J 

Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

Exhibit K 

Form of ABLSoft User Form

Exhibit L 

Form of Intercreditor Agreement

ANNEXES: 

Annex I 

Borrowing Base Reporting

vii 

CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as the same may be amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time after the date hereof, this Agreement), among KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), the
several Lenders from time to time parties hereto, ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL LLC, as administrative agent for the Lenders, and as Collateral Agent (as defined below), and ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL LLC, as FILO Administrative Agent (as
defined below). 

WHEREAS, the Company has requested that the Lenders provide revolving and FILO asset-based loans and commitments
to the Company in an aggregate amount up to the total Commitments (as defined below); 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of these
premises and for other good and valuable consideration, effective as of the Execution Date (as defined below), the parties do hereby agree as follows: 

1. 

DEFINITIONS 

1.1 UCC Definitions. The following terms which are defined in the UCC (as defined below) are used herein as so defined:
Account, Chattel Paper, Commercial Tort Claim, Commodity Account, Deposit Account, Document, Equipment, General Intangible, Goods, Instrument, Inventory, Investment Property, Letter of Credit, Letter-of-Credit Rights, Record, Securities Account and Supporting Obligations. 

1.2
Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 

ABL First Priority
Collateral means the ABL Priority Collateral under and as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement. 

ABLSoft means the electronic and/or internet-based system approved by the Administrative Agent for the purpose of
making notices, requests, deliveries, communications and for the other purposes contemplated in this Agreement or otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent, whether such system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent, any of
its Affiliates or any other Person. 

ABR means, for any day, the greatest of (a) the Floor plus one percent
(1.0%), (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 12%, (c) Adjusted Term SOFR in effect on such day, plus one percent (1.0%),
provided, that this clause (c) shall not be applicable during any period in which Term SOFR is unavailable or unascertainable, and (d) the rate of interest announced, from time to time, within Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. at its principal
office in San Francisco as its prime rate in effect on such day, with the understanding that the prime rate is one of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.s base rates (not necessarily the lowest of such rates) and serves as the basis
upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those loans making reference thereto and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its announcement in such internal publications as Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. may designate (or, if such rate
ceases to be so published, as quoted from such other generally available and recognizable source as the Administrative Agent may select in its Permitted Discretion). 

ABR Loans means Loans bearing interest based upon the ABR. 

Account Debtormeans each Person obligated on an Account. 

Acquired Assets has the meaning specified in the definition of Borrowing Base. 

Additional Availability Amount means an amount equal to $5,000,000; provided, that, the Additional
Availability Amount shall automatically and permanently reduce on the first day of each calendar month, commencing on April 1, 2025, in an amount equal to $277,777.78 per month until the Additional Availability Amount has been reduced to zero
($0). 

Additional Collateral Documents has the meaning specified in Section 8.10(d). 

Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such
calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided, that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 

Administrative Agent means Eclipse Business Capital LLC, in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the
Credit Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA
Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate of any Person means (i) any
Person (other than a Subsidiary) which, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Person, or (ii) any Person who is a director or officer of (A) such Person, (B) any Subsidiary of
such Person or (C) any Person described in clause (i) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, either (i) to vote 10% or more of the securities having ordinary
voting power for the election of directors of such Person or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. 

Agents means a collective reference to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 

Aggregate Revolving Credit Extensions of Credit means, at any particular time, the sum of (i) the aggregate
then outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans, (ii) the aggregate amount then available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit and (iii) the aggregate amount of all Revolving L/C Obligations. 

Agreement has the meaning specified in the preamble hereof. 

Ancillary Document has the meaning specified in Section 12.8(a). 

Anti-Corruption Lawsmeans the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the U.K. Bribery
Act 2010, and all laws, rules, ordinances and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery, money laundering or corruption. 

2 

Applicable Margin means the following per annum percentage: 

Revolving Credit Loans 

FILO Credit Loans

ABR (for ABR Loans) 

Adjusted Term SOFR (for

Adjusted Term
SOFR

Loans) 

ABR (for ABR Loans) 

Adjusted Term SOFR (for

Adjusted Term
SOFR

Loans)

3.625% 4.625% 5.00% 6.00%

Notwithstanding the foregoing, commencing on the first day of the month following the permanent reduction of
the Additional Availability Amount to zero, (a) each of the foregoing percentages in respect of Revolving Credit Loans shall be reduced by a per annum amount equal to 0.125% and (b) each of the foregoing percentages in respect of FILO
Credit Loans shall be reduced by a per annum amount equal to 0.50%. 

Appraised Net Orderly Liquidation
Valuemeans, with respect to Inventory, the appraised orderly liquidation value thereof (valued at the lower of Cost and market value) as determined by an appraiser acceptable to the Administrative Agent, net of all costs
of liquidation thereof. 

Approved Electronic Communication means each notice, demand, communication,
information, document and other material transmitted, posted or otherwise made or communicated by e-mail, facsimile, ABLSoft or any other equivalent electronic service, whether owned, operated or hosted by the
Administrative Agent, any of its Affiliates or any other Person, that any party is obligated to, or otherwise chooses to, provide to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Credit Document, including any financial statement,
financial and other report, notice, request, certificate and other information or material; provided, that Approved Electronic Communications shall not include any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material that
the Administrative Agent specifically instructs a Person to deliver in physical form. 

Approved Fund means any
Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender,
(b) a Lender Affiliate or (c) an entity or an affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

Asset
Sale means any sale, sale-leaseback, assignment, conveyance, transfer or other disposition by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of its property or assets, including the stock of any Restricted Subsidiary. 

Assignee has the meaning specified in Section 12.6(c). 

Assignment and Assumption means an Assignment and Assumption substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 hereto or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) accepted by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 

3 

Assignor has the meaning specified in Section 12.6(c). 

Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.3(c). 

Availability means, at any time, an amount equal to (a) the Line Cap at such time,minus
(b) the sum of the aggregate outstanding amount of borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility plus the undrawn amount of outstanding Letters of Credit under the Revolving Credit Facility minus (c) Reserves with respect to
Availability established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion (provided that any Reserves with respect to Availability shall not be duplicative of any Reserves with respect to the Borrowing Base). 

Availability Trigger means Availability is less than 17.0% of the Line Cap. 

Available Revolving Credit Commitment means, as to any Lender, at a particular time, an amount equal to the excess,
if any, of (i) the amount of such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment at such time less (ii) the sum of (A) the aggregate then outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Credit Loans made by such Lender pursuant to
Section 2.1, (B) such Lenders L/C Participating Interest in the aggregate amount then available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit, (C) such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the aggregate
amount of all Revolving L/C Obligations and (D) such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the aggregate then outstanding principal amount at such time of all Protective Advances; collectively, as to all the Lenders, the
Available Revolving Credit Commitments. 

Bail-In
Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of any Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the
United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency
proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith
determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by
virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the
jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets, or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any
contracts or agreements made by such Person. 

4 

Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate;
provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such
Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 5.17(b). 

Benchmark
Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company giving due consideration to (i) any selection
or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the
then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark
Replacement shall be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. 

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be
a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such
spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities. 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current
Benchmark: 

(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of
(i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely
ceases to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark
Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliant with or non-aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks; provided that such non-representativeness,non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if such Benchmark (or
such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

5 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of
the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely,
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Board of Governors, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a Resolution Authority with
jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or Resolution Authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of
such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator
that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(c) a public statement or publication of information by or
on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such
component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. 

Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the
applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or
publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark
Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in accordance with Section 5.17(b) and (y) ending at the time that a
Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in accordance with Section 5.17(b). 

6 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit
plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets
include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

Benefitted Lender has the meaning specified in Section 12.7(a). 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in
accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Board of Governors means the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). 

Borrowing Basemeans, at any
time, without duplication, an amount equal to the sum of the following: 

(a) 90% of each Credit Partys Eligible Accounts at such
time, plus

(b) the lesser of (i) 75% of each Credit Partys Eligible Unbilled Accounts and (ii) $15,000,000, plus

(c) the lesser of (i) 85% of the Appraised Net Orderly Liquidation Value of Eligible Inventory at such time and (ii) $6,000,000, plus

(d) the Additional Availability Amount at such time, minus

(e) the amount of any FILO Deficiency Reserve, minus

(e) Reserves; 

provided that, until both
an acceptable appraisal and field examination with respect to the assets acquired by any Credit Party in a Permitted Acquisition (the Acquired Assets) are received by the Administrative Agent, the Acquired Assets included
in the Borrowing Base shall be limited to 50% of the estimated Borrowing Base contribution (as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion) of Accounts and Inventory comprising such Acquired Assets; provided,
further, that if such field examination and appraisal are not received on or prior to the date that is forty-five (45) days after the closing date of such Permitted Acquisition, no Acquired Assets shall be included in the Borrowing Base
until such field examination and appraisal have been received by the Administrative Agent. 

The Administrative Agent may, in its Permitted
Discretion, (i) establish, modify, or eliminate Reserves in accordance with the definition of Reserves or (ii) modify one or more of the other elements used in computing the Borrowing Base (provided that any Reserves with respect to
the Borrowing Base shall not be duplicative of any Reserves with respect to Availability), with any such changes to be effective three (3) Business Days after delivery of notice thereof to the Company and the Lenders; provided that the
Company may not obtain any new Revolving Credit Loans or Letters of Credit to the extent that such Revolving Credit Loan or Letter of Credit would cause the Aggregate Revolving Credit Extensions of Credit to exceed the Line Cap after giving effect
to the establishment, modification or elimination of such Reserve as set forth in such notice. The Borrowing Base at any time shall be determined by reference to the most recent Borrowing Base Calculation delivered to the Administrative Agent
pursuant to and in accordance with Section 8.2(f). 

7 

Borrowing Base Calculationmeans a
calculation of the Borrowing Base and the FILO Borrowing Base (if applicable), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, utilizing information certified by the Company and provided to the Administrative Agent in
electronic format in the Borrowing Base portal tab in ABLSoft. 

Borrowing Date means any Business Day specified
in a notice pursuant to (i) Section 5.1 as a date on which the Company requests the Lenders to make Revolving Credit Loans or FILO Credit Loans hereunder or (ii) Section 2.5 as a date on which the Company requests an L/C Issuer to
issue a Letter of Credit hereunder. 

Burdensome Restrictions means any consensual encumbrance or restriction of
the type described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 9.14. 

Business Day means a day other than a
Saturday or, Sunday or any other day on which the Administrative Agent or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or commercial banks in New York, New York are closed. 

Capital Expenditures means, for any period, without duplication, all amounts or commitments to expend money for any
purchase or acquisition of assets that would, in accordance with GAAP, be classified as additions to property, plant and equipment and other capital expenditures of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period; provided that,
Capital Expenditures shall exclude (a) expenditures which constitute a Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Foreign Acquisition or an Investment permitted by Section 9.7(m), and (b) interest capitalized during construction, as the same
are or would be set forth in a consolidated statement of cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period. 

Capital Lease means, of any Person, any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) property (whether
real, personal or mixed) by such Person as lessee which would, in accordance with GAAP, be required to be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of such Person; provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event
will any lease that would have been categorized as an operating lease as determined in accordance with GAAP as of August 10, 2018, be considered a Capital Lease as a result of any changes in GAAP that take or took effect subsequent
to such date. 

Carve Out means, generally, the agreement of the Secured Parties to set aside a portion of their
recovery for the benefit of certain professionals or other junior creditors (without regard to the absolute priority rule under the United States Bankruptcy Code), as defined in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent in the orders or other definitive documentation evidencing a Conforming Post-Petition Financing. 

Cash Collateral
Account means a special cash collateral account pledged to the Administrative Agent containing cash deposited pursuant to the terms hereof to be maintained with the Administrative Agent. 

8 

Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to
the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, as collateral for the Revolving L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
and the applicable L/C Issuer. 

Cash Dominion Event means any time that (a) an Availability Trigger shall
have occurred or, (b) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Once commenced, a Cash Dominion Event shall be deemed to be continuing until such time as (x) no Event of Default is continuing and (y) if such Cash Dominion
Event resulted from an event specified in the preceding clause (a), Availability equals or exceeds for thirty (30) consecutive days the Availability Trigger threshold. 

Cash Equivalents means (i) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States
Government or any agency or instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition, (ii) certificates of deposit and eurodollar time deposits with maturities of one year or less from the date of
acquisition, bankers acceptances with maturities not exceeding one year and overnight bank deposits, in each case, with any Lender or with any domestic commercial bank having capital and surplus in excess of $500,000,000, (iii) repurchase
obligations with a term of not more than thirty (30) days for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (i) and (ii) entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (ii) above,
(iv) commercial paper issued by any Lender, the parent corporation of any Lender or any Subsidiary of such Lenders parent corporation, and commercial paper rated at least A-2 or the equivalent thereof by S&P or at least P-2 or the
equivalent thereof by Moodys and in each case maturing within one year after the date of acquisition thereof, (v) money market funds that (A) comply with the criteria set forth in Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (B) are rated AA by S&P and Aa by Moodys and (C) have portfolio assets of at least $5,000,000,000, (vi) money market funds existing on the Execution Date
that are listed on Schedule 1B, and (vii) in the case of Foreign Subsidiaries, investments that are substantially equivalent to the foregoing investments described in clauses (i) through (v) above that are available in the currency of the
jurisdiction in which such Foreign Subsidiary is organized. 

CFC means a controlled foreign
corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code in which any Credit Party or direct or indirect owner of a Credit Party is a United States shareholder within the meaning of Section 951(b) of the Code. 

CFC Holdco means any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary that has no material assets other than direct or
indirect equity in, and Indebtedness owing by, one or more Subsidiaries that are CFCs. 

Change in Law means,
with respect to any Lender, the adoption of any law, treaty, rule, regulation, policy, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental
Authority, including, without limitation, the issuance of any final rule, regulation or guideline by any regulatory agency having jurisdiction over such Lender or, in the case of Section 5.12(b) or 5.20(b), any corporation controlling such
Lender, in each case, after the date such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the 

9 

Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules,
guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel
III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events from the Execution Date: 

(i) any person or group (as such terms are used in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act and
the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof), other than the holders of the Equity Interests of the Company on the Execution Date, has acquired or owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by way of merger,
consolidation or otherwise, Equity Interests representing 50% or more (on a fully-diluted basis and giving effect to the conversion and exercise of all outstanding rights, warrants, options, convertible securities, exchangeable securities,
indebtedness or other rights, in each case, exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into, directly or indirectly, Equity Interests (or convertible or exchangeable securities) of the Company, whether at the time of issuance or upon the passage
of time or the occurrence of some future event (whether or not such securities are then currently convertible or exercisable and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire
pursuant to any option right)) of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Company (irrespective of whether, at the time, Equity Interests of any other class or classes of the Company
shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency). For this purpose, a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that any such person or group has the right to
acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right); or 

(ii) during any period of 12 (twelve) consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other
equivalent governing body of the Company cease to be composed of individuals (A) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body at the time of the Execution Date, (B) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent
governing body was approved by individuals referred to in sub-clause (A) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or
(C) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in sub-clauses (A) and (B) above constituting at the time of such election or
nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended from time to time. 

Collateral means all of the Collateral
referred to in the Collateral Documents and all of the other property and other assets (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude any and all Real Property owned by any Credit Party other than Real Property that is made subject to Liens in
favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 8.10(d)) of any Credit Party now existing or hereafter acquired, that is at any time required under the terms hereof or of any of the Collateral Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

10 

Collateral Access Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term
in the Pledge and Security Agreement. 

Collateral Agent means Eclipse Business Capital LLC in its capacity as
collateral agent and/or security trustee (as applicable) for the Secured Parties and its successors and assigns in such capacity (or such of its Affiliates as it may designate from time to time). 

Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Pledge and Security Agreement, any Additional Collateral Documents,
any additional pledges, security agreements or mortgages that create or purport to create a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and any instruments of assignment, Control Agreements, lockbox letters or other
instruments or agreements executed pursuant to the foregoing. 

Collection Account shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in the Pledge and Security Agreement. 

Commitment Fee has the meaning specified in
Section 5.9(a). 

Commitment Fee Rate means, for any day, with respect to the Commitment Fees payable
hereunder, a rate per annum equal to 0.50%. 

Commitment Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the
Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of such Lender or the FILO Credit Commitment Percentage, as applicable. 

Commitments means the collective reference to the Revolving Credit Commitments and the FILO Credit Commitments
(individually, a Commitment). On the Execution Date, the aggregate amount of the Commitments is $135,000,000. 

Commonly Controlled Entity means an entity, whether or not incorporated, organized or constituted, which is under
common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA or is part of a group which includes the Company and which is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 

Company has the meaning specified in the preamble hereof. 

Compliance Certificate means, a certificate, in the form attached as Exhibit E, of a Responsible Officer on behalf
of the Company. 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the
use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Business Day, the definition of
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and 

11 

frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods,
the applicability of Section 5.17(b) and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate
or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not
administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in
connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents). 

Conforming Post-Petition
Financing has the meaning specified in Section 13.1(a). 

Consolidated Cash Interest Expense
means, for any period, the amount of Consolidated Interest Expense paid or required to be paid in cash by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period. 

Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period for the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, the sum of: 

(i) Consolidated Net Income for such period (excluding therefrom any unusual or extraordinary items of gain or loss); plus 

(ii) without duplication, those amounts which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, have been
deducted for: 

(A) Consolidated Interest Expense; 

(B) provisions for Federal, state, local and foreign income, value added, franchise, margin and similar taxes; 

(C) depreciation, amortization (including, without limitation, amortization of goodwill and other intangible assets),
impairment of goodwill and other non-cash charges or expenses (excluding any such non-cash charge or expense to the extent that it represents amortization of a prepaid
cash expense that was paid in a prior period); 

(D) non-cash compensation expense,
or other non-cash expenses or charges, arising from the granting of stock options, the granting of stock appreciation rights and similar arrangements (including any repricing, amendment, modification,
substitution or change of any such stock option, stock appreciation rights or similar arrangements); 

(E) any
(x) financial advisory fees, underwriting fees, accounting fees, legal fees and other similar advisory and consulting fees and related out-of-pocket advisory and
consulting expenses, and (y) prepayment premiums, breakage costs and interest rate indemnities, redeployment costs or funding costs, with respect to each of clause (x) and clause (y) incurred by the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries as a result of, or in connection with, any issuance, incurrence, refinancing, redemption, repayment or prepayment of Indebtedness, to the extent permitted under this Agreement; and 

12 

(F) any (x) financial advisory fees, accounting fees, legal fees and
other similar advisory and consulting fees and related out-of-pocket advisory and consulting expenses, and (y) all cash and
non-cash restructuring and integration charges, costs, and expenses, in each case incurred by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries as a result of any Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Foreign
Acquisition or other internal restructuring and deducted from net income, and, in the case of the items described in this sub-clause (y), which are factually supportable, identifiable and documented, and
which are not objected to by the Administrative Agent; provided that, the aggregate amount of such costs and expenses under this sub-clause (y) shall not exceed ten percent (10%) of Consolidated
EBITDA; minus

(iii) any amount which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, has been
added for any non-cash income or non-cash gains, all as determined in accordance with GAAP; minus

(iv) the aggregate amount of cash payments made during such period in respect of any
non-cash accrual, reserve or other non-cash charge or expense accounted for in a prior period which were added to Consolidated Net Income to determine Consolidated
EBITDA for such prior period and which do not otherwise reduce Consolidated Net Income for the current period. 

For purposes of
calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any Measurement Period pursuant to any determination of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or the Required Ratio, if during such period (or in the case of pro-forma
calculations, during the period from the last day of such period to and including the date as of which such calculation is made) the Company or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have made a Subject Transaction, Consolidated EBITDA for
such period shall be calculated after giving effect thereto on a pro-forma basis. 

Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period the sum of (i) the amount of interest expense, both
expensed and capitalized (excluding amortization and write offs of debt discount and debt issuance costs and any other non-cash interest expense or accretions of discounts), net of interest income, of the
Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, for such period and (ii) dividends paid in cash during such period on preferred stock issued by the Company or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries; provided that, for purposes of calculating Consolidated Interest Expense for any period for determining the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, if during such period (or in the case of pro-forma
calculations, during the period from the last day of such period to and including the date as of which such calculation is made) the Company or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have made a Subject Transaction, then Consolidated
Interest Expense for such period shall be calculated after giving effect thereto on a pro-forma basis. 

13 

Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, the net income (or
net loss) after taxes of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Net Income for such
period (i) the income (or loss) of any Person in which any other Person (other than the Company or any of its Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiaries) has an ownership interest, except to the extent that any such income is actually received in
cash by the Company or such Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary in the form of dividends or other equity distributions during such period, (ii) the income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is
merged with or into or consolidated with the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or that Persons assets are acquired by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and (iii) the income of any Subsidiary of the Company to
the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by that Subsidiary of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute,
rule or governmental regulation applicable to that Subsidiary. 

Consolidated Subsidiary means at any date any
Subsidiary of the Company or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the Company in its consolidated financial statements if such statements were prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and
Consolidated Subsidiaries means all of them, collectively. 

Consolidated Total
Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, all Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding any obligations in respect of hedging
arrangements. 

Contingent Obligation means, as to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or in
effect guaranteeing any Indebtedness (primary obligations) of any other Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, any obligation of
such Person, whether or not contingent (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary
obligation or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose
of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect
thereof; provided, however, that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include (x) endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business and (y) any obligation
resulting from the existence of deferred revenue, including customer deposits. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount (based on the maximum reasonably anticipated net
liability in respect thereof as determined by the Company in good faith) of the primary obligation or portion thereof in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated net
liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by the Company in good faith. 

14 

Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of
any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of the property owned by it is bound. 

Control Agreement means an account control agreement (or similar agreement), in form and substance acceptable to the
Administrative Agent, executed by the applicable Credit Party, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the relevant bank, securities intermediary or commodity intermediary, as applicable, party thereto. Such agreement shall provide a
first priority perfected Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the applicable Credit Partys Deposit Account, Securities Account or Commodity Account, as applicable. 

Controlled Account means a Deposit Account, Securities Account or Commodity Account that is subject to a Control
Agreement. 

Cost means, with respect to any item of Inventory, the cost of purchase of such Inventory,
calculated based upon the Companys accounting practices as reflected in the most recent financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 8.1(a) or 8.1(b). 

Covenant Trigger Event means any time that Availability is less than $7,000,000. Once commenced, a Covenant Trigger
Event shall be deemed to be continuing until such time as Availability equals or exceeds $7,000,000 for thirty (30) consecutive days. 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b);
or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
382.2(b). 

Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 12.18. 

Credit Documents means the collective reference to this Agreement, the Notes, the Guaranty (including any guarantee
or Credit Party Accession Agreement executed and delivered pursuant to Section 8.10 or 9.15 of this Agreement), the Collateral Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other document or instrument designated by the Company and the
Administrative Agent as a Credit Document. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Credit Document to a Credit Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, amendments and
restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto. 

Credit Parties means the collective reference to the
Company and each Subsidiary Guarantor. 

15 

Credit Party Accession Agreement means an accession agreement,
substantially in the form of Exhibit G hereto, executed and delivered by a Subsidiary after the Execution Date, in accordance with Section 8.10 or Section 9.15. 

Cure Amount has the meaning specified in Section 10.3. 

Cure Expiration Date has the meaning specified in Section 10.3. 

Cure Month has the meaning specified in Section 10.3. 

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship,
bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting
the rights of creditors generally. 

Default means any of the events specified in Article 10, whether or not any
requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 

Default Right has the
meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 5.24, any Lender that (a) has failed, within two
(2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or (iii) pay over to any Finance Party any other amount required
to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding
(specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Company or any Finance Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to
comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and indicates that such position is based on such Lenders good faith
determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit,
(c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request in writing by the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will
comply with its obligations to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such
Finance Partys receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent entity that has, after the date hereof, become the subject of a Bankruptcy
Event. 

Dilution means, as of any date of determination, a percentage, based upon the experience of the
immediately prior twelve (12) months, that is the result of dividing the Dollar equivalent of (a) bad debt write-downs, discounts, advertising allowances, credits, or other dilutive items with respect to a Credit Partys Accounts
during such period by (b) such Credit Partys billings with 

16 

respect to Accounts during such period. If Dilution exceeds two percent (2%), the Administrative Agent may, at its option in its Permitted Discretion, (i) reduce the advance rate applicable
to Eligible Accounts by the number of full or partial percentage points comprising such excess or (B) establish a Reserve on account of such excess. 

Dollars and $ mean dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America. 

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company other than a Foreign Subsidiary. 

Eclipse means Eclipse Business Capital LLC. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member
Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial
institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public
administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Electronic Signature means the process of attaching to or logically associating with an Approved Electronic
Communication an electronic symbol, encryption, digital signature or process (including the name or an abbreviation of the name of the party transmitting the Approved Electronic Communication) with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such
Approved Electronic Communication. 

Eligible Account means, at any time, each Account held by and owed to the
Company other than any Account: 

(a) which is not subject to a first priority perfected security interest in favor of the
Collateral Agent; 

(b) which is subject to any Lien other than (i) a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent and
(ii) a Lien permitted by paragraph (a) or (r) of Section 9.3 (provided that such Liens shall not be prior to the Liens of the Collateral Agent unless a Reserve shall have been established for such Liens); 

(c) (i) which is unpaid more than one-hundred twenty (120) days after the
date of the original invoice therefor or more than sixty (60) days after the original due date therefor, or (ii) which has been written off the books of the applicable Account Debtor or otherwise designated as uncollectible; 

17 

(d) which is owing by an Account Debtor for which more than 50% of the
Accounts owing by such Account Debtor and its Affiliates are ineligible pursuant to paragraph (c) above; 

(e) which is
owing by an Account Debtor to the extent the aggregate amount of Accounts owing by such Account Debtor and its Affiliates to the Company that would be included as Eligible Accounts but for this paragraph (e) exceeds 25% of the
aggregate amount of all Eligible Accounts; 

(f) with respect to which any covenant, representation or warranty contained in
this Agreement or in the Collateral Documents has been breached in any material respect; 

(g) which (i) does not arise
from the sale of goods or performance of services in the ordinary course of business, (ii) is not evidenced by an invoice or other documentation in a form heretofore supplied to the Administrative Agent or its agent (or is otherwise
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) which has been sent to the Account Debtor, (iii) represents a progress billing, (iv) is contingent upon the Companys completion of any further performance, (v) represents a sale on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-and-return, sale on approval, consignment, cash-on-delivery or any other repurchase or return basis or (vi) relates to the payment of interest; 

(h) for which the goods giving rise to such Account have not been shipped to the Account Debtor or for which the services
giving rise to such Account have not been performed by the Company; 

(i) with respect to which any check or other
instrument of payment has been returned uncollected for any reason; 

(j) which is owed by an Account Debtor which has
(i) applied for, suffered, or consented to the appointment of any receiver, custodian, trustee, or liquidator of its assets, (ii) had possession of all or a material part of its property taken by any receiver, custodian, trustee or
liquidator, (iii) filed, or had filed against it, any request or petition for liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debts, adjudication as bankrupt, winding-up, or voluntary or
involuntary case under any state or federal bankruptcy laws (other than post-petition accounts payable of an Account Debtor that is a debtor-in-possession under a
Bankruptcy Event and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), (iv) admitted in writing its inability, or is generally unable to, pay its debts as they become due, (v) become insolvent, or (vi) ceased operation of its business;

(k) which is owed by any Account Debtor which has sold all or substantially all of its assets; 

(l) which is owed by an Account Debtor that fails to satisfy at least one of the following requirements: (i) it maintains
its chief executive office in the U.S. or Canada (other than the province of Quebec) or (ii) its jurisdiction of organization is in the U.S. or Canada (other than the province of Quebec); 

(m) which is owed in any currency other than U.S. Dollars; 

18 

(n) which is owed by (i) any Governmental Authority of any country
other than the U.S. unless such Account is backed by a Letter of Credit acceptable to the Administrative Agent which is in the possession of, and is directly drawable by, the Administrative Agent, or (ii) any Governmental Authority of the U.S.,
or any department, agency, public corporation, or instrumentality thereof, unless the Federal Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended (31 U.S.C. 3727 etseq. and 41 U.S.C. 15 etseq.), and any other
steps necessary to perfect the Lien of the Collateral Agent in such Account have been complied with; 

(o) which is owed by
any Credit Party or any Affiliate of any Credit Party or any employee, officer, director, agent or stockholder of any Credit Party or any of its Affiliates; 

(p) which is owed by an Account Debtor or any Affiliate of such Account Debtor to which the Company is indebted, but only to
the extent of such indebtedness, or is subject to any security, deposit, progress payment, retainage or other similar advance made by or for the benefit of an Account Debtor, in each case to the extent thereof; 

(q) which is subject to any counterclaim, deduction, defense, setoff or dispute, but only to the extent of any such
counterclaim, deduction, defense, setoff or dispute; 

(r) which is evidenced by any promissory note, Chattel Paper or
Instrument unless all steps necessary to perfect the Lien of the Collateral Agent in such promissory note, Chattel Paper or Instrument have been complied with in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(s) which is owed by an Account Debtor (i) located in any jurisdiction which requires filing of a Notice of Business
Activities Report or other similar report in order to permit the Company to seek judicial enforcement in such jurisdiction of payment of such Account, unless the Company has filed such report or qualified to do business in such jurisdiction,
or (ii) which is a Sanctioned Person; 

(t) with respect to which the Company has made any agreement with the Account
Debtor for any reduction thereof, other than discounts and adjustments given in the ordinary course of business but only to the extent of any such reduction, or any Account which was partially paid and the Company created a new receivable for the
unpaid portion of such Account; 

(u) which does not comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable
laws and regulations, whether Federal, state or local, including, without limitation, the Federal Consumer Credit Protection Act, the Federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z of the Board of Governors; 

(v) which is for goods that have been sold under a purchase order or pursuant to the terms of a contract or other agreement or
understanding (written or oral) that indicates or purports that any Person (other than the Company) has or has had an ownership interest in such goods, or which indicates any party (other than the Company or the Collateral Agent) as payee or
remittance party; 

19 

(w) which was created on cash on delivery terms; 

(x) as to which the contract or agreement underlying such Account is governed by the laws of any jurisdiction other than (or,
if no governing law is expressed therein, as to which, under applicable choice of law principles, such Account would not be governed by the laws of any of) the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; or 

(y) which the Administrative Agent otherwise determines is unacceptable in its Permitted Discretion. 

In the event that an Account which was previously an Eligible Account ceases to be an Eligible Account hereunder, the Company shall notify the
Administrative Agent thereof on and at the time of submission to the Administrative Agent of the next Borrowing Base Calculation. In determining the amount of an Eligible Account, the face amount of an Account may, in the Administrative Agents
Permitted Discretion, be reduced by, without duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount of all accrued and actual discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price
adjustments, finance charges or other allowances (including any amount that the Company may be obligated to rebate to an Account Debtor pursuant to the terms of any agreement or understanding (written or oral)) and (ii) the aggregate amount of
all cash received in respect of such Account but not yet applied by the Company to reduce the amount of such Account. Subject to Section 8.12(d), the Administrative Agent shall have received periodic field examinations and appraisals
satisfactory to it with respect to the Eligible Accounts and Eligible Unbilled Accounts included within the Borrowing Base. Standards of eligibility may be made more restrictive from time to time by the Administrative Agent in the exercise of its
Permitted Discretion, with any such changes to be effective three (3) Business Days after delivery of notice thereof to the Company and the Lenders. 

Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 12.6 (subject to
such consents, if any, as may be required thereunder). 

Eligible Inventorymeans, at any time, all
Inventory owned by the Company or any Credit Party other than any Inventory: 

(a) which is not subject to a perfected Lien
in favor of the Collateral Agent under the Pledge and Security Agreement; 

(b) which is subject to any Lien other than
(i) a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent and (ii) a Lien permitted by paragraph (a), (b) or (r) of Section 9.3 (provided that such Liens shall not be prior to the Liens of the Collateral Agent unless a Reserve shall have been
established for such Liens); 

(c) which is, in the Administrative Agents determination (as such determination may be
updated pursuant to each field examination conducted pursuant to Section 8.12) slow moving, obsolete, expired, unmerchantable, defective, used, unfit for sale, not salable at prices approximating at least the cost of such Inventory in the
ordinary course of business or unacceptable due to age, type, category and/or quantity, or does not comply with any certification requirements for sale applicable to such Inventory; 

20 

(d) with respect to which any covenant, representation or warranty contained
in this Agreement or in the Collateral Documents has been breached in any material respect and which does not conform in any material respect to any applicable standard applicable to the sale or use thereof imposed by any Governmental Authority;

(e) in which any Person other than the Company or any Subsidiary shall (i) have any direct or indirect ownership,
interest or title or (ii) be indicated on any purchase order or invoice with respect to such Inventory as having or purporting to have an interest therein; 

(f) which is not finished goods or which constitutes spare parts, work-in-process, raw materials, packaging and shipping material, samples, prototypes, displays or display items, bill-and-hold
or ship-in-place goods, goods that are returned or marked for return, repossessed goods, defective or damaged goods, goods held on consignment, or goods which are not of
a type held for sale in the ordinary course of business; 

(g) (i) is not located in the U.S. or a province in Canada
in which the PPSA has been adopted or (ii) is in transit (other than Inventory in transit that has been shipped from a location where the Lien of the Collateral Agent is perfected under the laws of such location to another location where the
Lien of the Collateral Agent is perfected under the laws of such other location); 

(h) which is located in any location
leased by the Company or any Subsidiary unless (i) the lessor has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement or (ii) a Reserve for rent, charges and other amounts due or to become due in the next three-month period
with respect to such facility has been established; 

(i) which is located in any third party warehouse or is in the
possession of a bailee (other than a third party processor) and is not evidenced by a Document (other than bills of lading in respect of Inventory in transit pursuant to paragraph (g) above), unless (i) such warehouseman or bailee has
delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may require or (ii) a Reserve for charges for storage or transportation, insurance, labor and other similar expenses
for which such warehouseman or bailee has a lien or a claim on the relevant Inventory has been established; 

(j) which
(i) is located in a customer location, (ii) cannot be located or is being processed offsite at a third party location or outside processor, or (iii) is in-transit to or from such third party
location or outside processor; 

(k) which is a discontinued product or component thereof; 

(l) which is the subject of a consignment by the Company or any Subsidiary as consignor; 

(m) which is perishable; 

21 

(n) which contains or bears any intellectual property rights licensed to the
Company or any Subsidiary unless such Inventory may be sold or disposed of by the Company or such Subsidiary or any Secured Party without (i) infringing the rights of such licensor, (ii) violating any contract with such licensor, or
(iii) incurring any liability with respect to payment of royalties other than royalties incurred pursuant to the sale of such Inventory under the current licensing agreement; 

(o) which is not reflected in a current perpetual inventory report of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof (unless such
Inventory is reflected in a report to the Administrative Agent as in transit Inventory); 

(p) for which
reclamation rights have been legally and validly asserted by the seller; 

(q) which is otherwise eligible to be included in
the Borrowing Base but is located in a single location and, together with any other Eligible Inventory that is located in that single location, has an aggregate value of less than $100,000; 

(r) which has been acquired from a Sanctioned Person; or 

(s) which the Administrative Agent otherwise determines in its Permitted Discretion is unacceptable. 

In the event that Inventory which was previously Eligible Inventory ceases to be Eligible Inventory hereunder, the Company shall notify the
Administrative Agent thereof on and at the time of submission to the Administrative Agent of the next Borrowing Base Calculation. Standards of eligibility may be made more restrictive from time to time by the Administrative Agent in the exercise of
its Permitted Discretion, with any such changes to be effective three (3) Business Days after delivery of notice thereof to the Company and the Lenders. Subject to Section 8.12(d), the Administrative Agent shall have received periodic
field examinations and appraisals satisfactory to it with respect to the Eligible Inventory included within the Borrowing Base. 

Eligible Unbilled Accounts means, with respect to each Credit Party, each Account of a Credit Party that would be an
Eligible Account but for the fact that such Account has not been invoiced, in each case arising in the ordinary course of business, and which the Administrative Agent, in its judgment, exercised in its Permitted Discretion, shall not deem (in a
notice to the Company) to be excluded as ineligible; provided that, no more than thirty (30) days have elapsed from the date on which the goods or services to which such Account related were delivered or performed. 

Environmental Laws means any and all applicable Federal, state, local or municipal laws, rules, orders, regulations,
statutes, ordinances, codes, decrees or legally enforceable requirements of any Governmental Authority regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning human health as they relate to Materials of Environmental Concern
or the protection of the environment, including, without limitation, Materials of Environmental Concern, as now or may at any time hereafter be in effect. 

22 

Environmental Permit means any permit, approval, license or other
authorization required under any Environmental Law. 

Equity Cure Contribution has the meaning specified in
Section 10.3. 

Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of
(or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the
securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other
interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are
outstanding on any date of determination. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended from time to time. 

ERISA Affiliatemeans any trade or business (whether or
not incorporated) that, together with the Company, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single
employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m), (n) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA. 

ERISAEvent means (a) any reportable event, as defined in
Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) any failure to satisfy statutory minimum
funding standards with respect to any Plan; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Company or any of its
ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to
terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Company or any ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt
by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is,
or is expected to be, insolvent, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 

Event of Default means any of the
events specified in Article 10, provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Excluded Account means accounts that are (a) solely used for the purposes of making payments
in respect of payroll, taxes and employees wages and benefits, (b) disbursement accounts where solely proceeds of indebtedness, including the proceeds of the Loans are deposited, (c) zero balance accounts, (d) trust accounts,
(e) other accounts with funds on deposit averaging less than $1,000,000 individually and $2,500,000 in the aggregate, and (f) the cash collateral account for the benefit of the agent and lenders under the Prior ABL to the extent such account
only maintains amounts that constitute cash collateral in respect of the Companys surviving letter of credit obligations and p-card, overdraft and similar banking services obligations after giving effect to the payoff of the Prior ABL on the
Funding Date in accordance with Section 9.3(t). 

23 

Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent,
any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Company hereunder, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits
Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any
political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a
Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Company under this Agreement) or (ii) such Lender
changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 5.23(b), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to
such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) United States Taxes attributable to such recipients failure to comply with Section 5.23(g) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Execution Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 7.1 are satisfied (or waived in
accordance with Section 12.1). 

Extensions of Credit means the collective reference to Loans made and
Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement. 

Facility and Facilities means,
individually or collectively as required by the context, each of (i) the Revolving Credit Commitments and the extensions of credit made thereunder (the Revolving Credit Facility), and (ii) the FILO Credit
Commitments and the extensions of credit made thereunder (the FILO Credit Facility). 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor provisions that are substantively
similar) and any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any
intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal
funds transactions by depositary institutions (as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the federal funds effective rate,
provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Fee Letter means the agent fee letter dated as of the Execution Date between the Company and Eclipse. 

24 

FILO Administrative Agent means Eclipse Business Capital LLC in
its capacity as documentation agent for the FILO Credit Facility and its successors and assigns in such capacity (or such of its Affiliates as it may designate from time to time). 

FILO Borrowing Basemeans, at any time, without duplication, an amount equal to the sum of the
following: 

(a) 95% of each Credit Partys Eligible Accounts at such time, plus

(b) 80% of each Credit Partys Eligible Unbilled Accounts at such time, plus

(c) 85% of each Credit Partys Eligible Inventory at such time, minus

(d) the aggregate amount of the Borrowing Base predicated on Eligible Accounts, Eligible Unbilled Accounts and Eligible Inventory at such time
under the Revolving Credit Facility, without giving effect to any Reserves (including, without limitation, the FILO Deficiency Reserve). 

FILO Credit Commitment means, as to any Lender, its obligations to make FILO Credit Loans to the Company pursuant to
Section 2.9 in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name in Schedule 1A under the heading FILO Credit Commitment and in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time the
amount equal to such Lenders FILO Credit Commitment Percentage of the aggregate FILO Credit Commitments, as the aggregate FILO Credit Commitments may be reduced or adjusted from time to time pursuant to this Agreement; collectively, as to all
the Lenders, the FILO Credit Commitments. On the Execution Date, the aggregate amount of the FILO Credit Commitments is $10,000,000. 

FILO Credit Commitment Expiration Date means September 7, 2026. 

FILO Credit Commitment Percentage means, as to any Lender at any time, the percentage which such Lenders FILO
Credit Commitment constitutes of all of the FILO Credit Commitments (or, if the FILO Credit Commitments shall have been terminated, the percentage of the outstanding FILO Credit Loans held by such Lender). 

FILO Credit Facility has the meaning specified in the definition of Facilities. 

FILO Credit Funding Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.9(a). 

FILO Credit Lenders means the Lenders with FILO Credit Commitments and/or outstanding FILO Credit Loans. 

FILO Credit Loan and FILO Credit Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.9(a).

FILO Credit Obligations means all present and future FILO Credit Loans, advances, debts, liabilities, fees,
expenses, obligations, guaranties, covenants, duties and indebtedness at any time owing by the Company or any Credit Party to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent and FILO Credit Lenders, which are evidenced
by this Agreement 

25 

or any other Credit Document, whether arising from an extension of credit, guaranty, indemnification or otherwise, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assignment and any
participation by any FILO Credit Lender in any Credit Partys indebtedness owing under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents), whether absolute or contingent, whether due or to become due, whether allowed or not allowed and whether
arising before or after the commencement of a proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code (11 U.S.C. 101 etseq.) or any similar statute. 

FILO Credit Secured Parties means, collectively, the FILO Administrative Agent and the FILO Credit Lenders. 

FILO Credit Specified Event of Default means (a) an Event of Default under Section 10.1(a) with respect to
the FILO Credit Loans or any other FILO Credit Obligations, (b) an Event of Default under 10.1(a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Obligations as a result of failure of the Company to pay all such Revolving Credit Obligations then due and
owing on the Revolving Credit Termination Date, (c) an Event of Default under Section 10.1(c), but only to the extent (x) such Event of Default arises from the Credit Parties failure to comply with the provisions of
Section 9.1 and (y) such Event of Default has not been waived or cured within thirty (30) days, (d) an Event of Default under Section 10.1(c), but only to the extent (x) such Event of Default arises from the Credit
Parties failure to comply with the provisions of Section 5.25 and (y) such Event of Default has not been waived or cured within ten (10) days, or (e) an Event of Default under Section 10.1(c), but only to the extent
(x) such Event of Default arises from the Credit Parties failure to comply with the provisions of Section 8.2(f) and (y) such Event of Default has not been waived or cured within ten (10) days. Except as expressly set forth
above, each determination of whether a FILO Credit Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing shall be made without giving effect to any waiver or modification of any such provision effected pursuant to the terms hereof without the
consent of the FILO Administrative Agent. 

FILO Credit Termination Date means, the earliest to occur of
(i) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) any other date on which the FILO Credit Commitments shall terminate hereunder. 

FILO Deficiency Reserve means, at any date of determination, a reserve maintained against the Borrowing Base
established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion (in accordance with Section 2.9(c)) in the amount, if any, by which the then outstanding principal amount of FILO Credit Loans exceeds the FILO Borrowing Base. 

FILO Deficiency Reserve Correction Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.9(c). 

FILO Standstill Period means the period commencing on the date of the Administrative Agents and the
Companys receipt of written notice from the FILO Administrative Agent that a FILO Credit Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and that the FILO Administrative Agent is requesting the Administrative Agent to accelerate the
FILO Credit Obligations or otherwise commence the enforcement of remedies, and ending on the date that is (a) forty-five (45) days after receipt of such notice with respect to a FILO Credit Specified Event of Default arising under
Section 10.1(a), and (b) sixty (60) days after such receipt of such notice with respect to any other FILO Credit Specified Event of Default. 

26 

Finance Party means, collectively, the Agents, the Lenders and
each L/C Issuer. 

First Tier Foreign Subsidiary means a Foreign Subsidiary held directly by the Company or
another Credit Party. 

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, on any date, the ratio of (i) Consolidated EBITDA
minus Unfinanced Capital Expenditures to (ii) the sum of Fixed Charges, all calculated for the Measurement Period most recently ended on or prior to such date. 

Fixed Charges means, for any period, (a) Consolidated Cash Interest Expense for such period, (b) income
taxes and other taxes of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries paid or payable in cash during such period (determined on a consolidated basis, but net of any refund in respect of income taxes actually received in cash during such period), (c)
principal of Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including payments in respect of Capital Leases but excluding (i) Indebtedness owed under the Facilities and (ii) intercompany payments in respect of Indebtedness
owing to the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries), in each case, paid or scheduled to be paid during such period (determined on a consolidated basis for such period), but only to the extent such payments are paid or will be paid from
internally generated cash flows from operations, (d) the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and distributions and Qualified Stock Repurchases (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) paid or effected under Section 9.9 during such
period (other than pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) of such section) and (e) the aggregate amount of all lease payments paid or payable by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any Sale and Leaseback Transactions,
without duplication, all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Floor means a per annum rate equal to 2.00%. 

Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 

Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company which is organized under the laws of any jurisdiction outside
the United States (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(9) of the Code). 

Funding Account has the meaning
set forth in Section 5.1(a). 

Funding Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Sections 7.2
and 7.3 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 12.1). 

GAAP means generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America in effect on the date of this Agreement. 

Governmental
Authority means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government (including any
supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting regulatory capital rules or standards (including, without limitation, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 

27 

Guaranty means the guaranty, substantially in the form of Exhibit
H hereto, made by one or more Subsidiary Guarantors in favor of the Secured Parties, together with each other guaranty or guaranty supplement delivered pursuant to Section 8.10 or Section 9.15 of this Agreement. 

Increased Reporting Event means any time that an Availability Trigger shall have occurred. Once commenced, an
Increased Reporting Event shall be deemed to be continuing until such time as Availability equals or exceeds for thirty (30) consecutive days the Availability Trigger threshold. 

Incremental Commitments Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.5. 

Incremental Facility Amendment has the meaning specified in Section 3.4. 

Incremental Facility Closing Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.6. 

Incremental Revolving Credit Loans has the meaning specified in Section 3.1. 

Indebtedness means, of any Person, at any particular date, (i) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed
money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current trade payables or liabilities and deferred payment for services to employees or former employees incurred in the ordinary course of business and payable in
accordance with customary practices, earn-outs, and other deferred compensation arrangements), (ii) the face amount of all letters of credit issued for the account of such Person and, without duplication, all drafts drawn thereunder (but, for
the avoidance of doubt, determined without double-counting any back-to-back letter of credit arrangements whereby a letter of credit serves as collateral for
drawings made under another letter of credit), (iii) all liabilities (other than Lease Obligations) secured by any Lien on any property owned by such Person, to the extent attributable to such Persons interest in such property, even though
such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment thereof, (iv) obligations of such Person under Capital Leases, (v) obligations under any earn-out (which for all purposes of this
Agreement shall be valued at the amount reasonably likely to be payable with respect to such earn-out as expected to be reported on such Persons financial statements) and (vi) all indebtedness of
such Person arising under acceptance facilities; but excluding (x) any obligation resulting from the existence of deferred revenue, including customer deposits and interest thereon in the ordinary course of business, (y) deferred rent and
(z) trade and other accounts and accrued expenses payable in the ordinary course of business in accordance with customary trade terms and in the case of both clauses (x) and (z) above, which are not overdue for a period of more than one
hundred and twenty (120) days or, if overdue for more than one hundred and twenty (120) days, as to which a dispute exists and adequate reserves in conformity with GAAP have been established on the books of such Person. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, Indebtedness shall not include any debt that has been defeased or satisfied and discharged pursuant to the deposit of cash in any amount sufficient to satisfy all such debt obligations at maturity or redemption and
all payments of interest and premium thereon, if any, in a trust or account created or pledged for the sole benefit of the holders of such debt. 

28 

Indemnified Liabilities has the meaning specified in
Section 12.5(a). 

Indemnified Person has the meaning specified in Section 12.5(a)(iv). 

Indemnified Taxes means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes. 

Indenture means that certain Indenture dated as of the Funding Date, among the Company, as issuer, each guarantor
signatory thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as trustee and as collateral agent, which shall be substantially the form of Exhibit A attached to the Purchase Agreement. 

Information has the meaning specified in Section 12.13(a). 

Insolvency Increase Amount means, during any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws by or against a Credit
Party, an amount equal to the result of (a) 5% of the Modified Borrowing Base, minus (b) any then outstanding Protective Advances made pursuant to clause (b) of the definition of Maximum Revolving Insolvency Amount (subject to the
limitations set forth therein), whether such Protective Advance is made prior to or during such proceeding; provided that such result shall not be less than zero. 

Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Funding Date, among Eclipse, as
ABL Representative, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Notes Representative, and each of the Credit Parties and other representatives party thereto from time to time, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in
accordance with its terms. 

Interest Payment Date means the first day of each calendar month, upon any
prepayment and on the Termination Date. 

Investment has the meaning specified in Section 9.7. 

L/C Application means a letter of credit application in the applicable L/C Issuers then customary form for the
type of letter of credit requested. 

L/C Commitment means the commitment by the Administrative Agent to arrange
for one or more L/C Issuers to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of the L/C Commitment hereunder is $10,000,000. 

L/C Disbursement means a payment made by an L/C Issuer pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 

L/C Issuer means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, BMO Bank, N.A., Capital One, Truist Bank, or any other
Person that, at the request of the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Company, agrees to issue Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.3. 

29 

L/C Participating Interest means an undivided participating
interest in the face amount of each issued and outstanding Letter of Credit and the L/C Application relating thereto. 

Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules,
guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration
thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directives, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 

Lead Arranger means Eclipse Business Capital LLC, in its capacity as Lead Arranger. 

Lease Obligations means, of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, as of the date of any determination
thereof, the rental commitments of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis, if any, under Operating Leases (net of rental commitments from sub-leases thereof). 

Leaseholds means, with respect to any Person, all of the right, title and interest of such Person as lessee or
licensee in, to and under leases or licenses of land, improvements and/or fixtures. 

Lender means each bank or
other lending institution listed on Schedule 1A, each Eligible Assignee that becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 12.6(c), and their respective successors and shall include, as the context may require, each L/C Issuer in such capacity. 

Lender Affiliate means (i) any Affiliate of any Lender, (ii) any Person that is administered or managed by
any Lender and that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities and (iii) with respect to any Lender which is a fund that invests
in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit, any other fund that invests in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit and is managed or advised by the same investment advisor/manager as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such Lender
or investment advisor/manager. 

Lending Office means, with respect to any Lender, (a) with respect to its
ABR Loans, the office of such Lender which will be making or maintaining its ABR Loans, and (b) with respect to its SOFR Loans, the office of such Lender which will be making or maintaining its SOFR Loans. 

Letter of Credit means a letter of credit issued by an L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.3. 

Lien means any mortgage, pledge, charge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien
(statutory or other), or preference, priority or other security agreement, security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any
financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of any financing statement under the UCC or comparable law of any jurisdiction in respect of any of the foregoing, except for the filing of
financing statements in connection with Lease Obligations to the extent that such financing statements relate to the property subject to such Lease Obligations). 

30 

Line Cap means, as of any date of determination, the lesser of the
aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments and the Borrowing Base, each as then in effect. 

Loan Account has the
meaning specified in Section 5.2(d). 

Loans means the collective reference to the Revolving Credit Loans
(including Protective Advances) and the FILO Credit Loans, if any; individually, a Loan. 

Master
Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of Swap Contract. 

Material
Adverse Effect means (i) a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, assets, or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) a material impairment of the ability of the
Company and the other Credit Parties, taken as a whole, to perform any of its obligations under any Credit Document to which it is a party, (iii) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Lenders under any Credit Document or
(iv) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Credit Party of any Credit Documents to which it is a party, or (v) a material impairment of the Collateral Agents Liens (on
behalf of itself and the Secured Parties) on the Collateral or the priority of such Liens. 

Material
Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred pursuant to (a) the Purchase Agreement or Notes Documents, (b) any issuance of Additional Notes, Permitted Additional Debt,
Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness, or Junior Secured Indebtedness (in each case as defined in, and as incurred in accordance with the terms and conditions of, the Indenture as in effect on the Funding Date, without giving effect to an waiver of
such terms and conditions), (b) Section 9.2(g), or (d) Section 9.2(i). 

Materials of Environmental
Concern means any gasoline or petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof) or petroleum products or any hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes, including, without limitation, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls
and urea-formaldehyde insulation, medical waste and radioactive materials, in each case, as regulated by any applicable Environmental Laws. 

Maximum Revolving Insolvency Amount means an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Borrowing Base, plus
(b) Protective Advances (subject to the aggregate cap thereon in Section 2.8(a)), plus (c) in addition to the Protective Advances described in the foregoing clause (b), Protective Advances (without regard to the aggregate cap thereon
in Section 2.8(a)) in an aggregate amount equal to the aggregate amount required to fund payroll of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries for a two-week period, plus (d) all then outstanding
Unintentional Overadvances, plus (e) the Insolvency Increase Amount, plus (f) the amount of Revolving Credit Loans (including loans made pursuant to a Post-Petition Financing that is a Conforming Post-Petition Financing) to fund the Carve
Out. 

Measurement Period means the most recent period of twelve consecutive fiscal monthsof the Company
for which financial statements have been or are required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement. 

31 

Modified Borrowing Base means the Borrowing Base (calculated
without giving effect to any FILO Deficiency Reserves). 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors or, absent any such successor, such nationally recognized statistical rating organization as the Company and the Administrative Agent may select. 

Mortgage means, in the case of owned real property interests, a mortgage or deed of trust, in a form to be
reasonably agreed between the Company and the Administrative Agent, including any Credit Party, the Collateral Agent and one or more trustees, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. 

Motor Vehicle Sale and Leaseback Transaction means a Sale and Leaseback Transaction or other similar transaction, in
each case, in respect of Motor Vehicles, pursuant to which (i) a Credit Party or Subsidiary transfers title in one or more Motor Vehicles to a third party for minimal consideration, leases the Motor Vehicle back and has the right to receive
sale proceeds (less commissions) upon a sale by such third party of such Motor Vehicle, (ii) no material lease payments are made by such Credit Party or Subsidiary and (iii) the fair market value of all Motor Vehicles subject to such
transaction, when combined with the fair market value of the Motor Vehicles transferred in any other Motor Vehicle Sale and Leaseback Transaction, does not exceed $20,000,000 in the aggregate at any time. 

Motor Vehicles means motor vehicles (including automobiles and trucks), trailers, containers and related equipment
owned or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Multiemployer Planmeans a
multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 

Net Capital Expenditures means Capital
Expenditures net of any disposition of capital assets. 

New Term Debt has the meaning specified in
Section 9.2(g). 

Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning specified in
Section 12.1(d). 

Non-Extension Notice Date has the meaning
specified in Section 2.3(c). 

Notes means the collective reference to any promissory notes evidencing
Loans. 

Notes Documents has the meaning assigned to it in the Indenture. 

Notes First Priority Collateral means the Notes Priority Collateral under and as defined in the
Intercreditor Agreement. 

Notice of Borrowing has the meaning specified in Section 5.1(a). 

Notice of Intent to Cure has the meaning specified in Section 10.3. 

32 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

NYFRB Rate means for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and
(b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the
term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 A.M. on such day received to the Administrative Agent from a Federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that
if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rates shall be deemed to be zero. 

NYFRBs
Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

Obligations means, collectively, the Revolving Credit Obligations and the FILO Credit Obligations (and, for
avoidance of doubt, any Loans). Any reference in this Agreement or in the Credit Documents to the Obligations shall include all or any portion thereof and any extensions, modifications, renewals, or alterations thereof, both prior to and after the
commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws. 

Operating Lease means, as applied to any Person, a
lease (including leases which may be terminated by the lessee at any time) of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person as lessee which is not a Capital Lease. 

Organization Documents means: (i) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation
and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-United States jurisdiction); (ii) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of
formation or organization and operating agreement; and (iii) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and
any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any
certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect
to a Lender (including an L/C Issuer) or the Administrative Agent or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Company hereunder, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such
recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest
under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Credit Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Credit Document). 

33 

Other Taxesmeans all present or future stamp,
recording, court, documentary, intangible or filing Taxes or similar Taxes arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Credit Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or
any other Credit Document, but excluding any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment by a Lender of an interest in a Loan after the date hereof (other than any such assignment made pursuant to
Section 5.22 or Section 5.23(h) or otherwise made at the request of any Credit Party). 

Overadvance
means, as of any date of determination, the amount (if any) that the Aggregate Revolving Credit Extensions of Credit exceed the Borrowing Base. 

Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and
overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published on
the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 

Paid in Full, Pay
in Full, Paying in Full or Payment in Full means, with respect to any Obligations, (i) the payment in full in cash (or other consideration acceptable to the recipient thereof) of
all such Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations to the extent no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted), (ii) the termination or expiration of all of the applicable Commitments, and (iii) receipt by the
Administrative Agent of cash collateral in an amount equal to 105% of the aggregate undrawn stated amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit to secure the Obligations relating to such Letters of Credit, pursuant to a cash collateral agreement in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

Participant Register has the meaning
specified in Section 12.6(b). 

Participants has the meaning specified in Section 12.6(b). 

Participating Lender means any Lender (other than the L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit) with respect
to its L/C Participating Interest in each Letter of Credit. 

Patriot Act has the meaning specified in
Section 6.24. 

Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 11.13(a). 

Payment Conditionsmeans (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing
or would result from the taking of the relevant action as to which the satisfaction of the Payment Conditions is being determined, (ii) on a pro forma basis, immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to any transaction that is
subject to the Payment Conditions, either (A) (1) Availability is at least the greater of (x) 20% of the Line Cap and (y) $26,000,000, at such time and for the immediately preceding sixty (60) days (or, if shorter, for the period from the
Funding Date) and (2) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, on a pro forma basis, is at least 1.0 to 1.0 or (B) Availability is at least the greater of (x) 25% of the Line Cap and (y) $32,500,000 at such time and for the immediately preceding
sixty (60) days (or, if shorter, for the period from the Funding Date) and (iii) the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate certifying that each of the conditions set forth in clause (i) and (ii) of
this definition are met. 

Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to it in Section 11.13(a). 

34 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established
pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA (or any successor). 

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the
meaning specified therefor in the definition of Term SOFR. 

Permitted Acquisitions means non-hostile acquisitions (by merger, purchase or otherwise) by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of all or substantially all of the assets of, or all of the shares of the capital stock or other
Equity Interests in, a Person or division or line of business of a Person engaged in the same business as the Company and its Subsidiaries or in a related business, provided that immediately after giving effect thereto: 

(i) except for Permitted Joint Ventures, 100% (less the amount of such capital stock or other Equity Interests, if any, not exceeding 5%
in the aggregate thereof, attributable to director qualifying shares, shares required by the jurisdiction of organization of such Person to be held by management or other third party and such additional shares the current ownership of which, at the
time of such Permitted Acquisition, cannot, after commercially reasonable efforts by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, be identified or acquired) of the outstanding capital stock or other Equity Interests of any acquired or newly formed
corporation or other entity that acquires such Person, division or line of business is owned directly by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; 

(ii) any such capital stock or other Equity Interests acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor shall be duly and validly pledged to
the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Lenders (other than any capital stock of, or other Equity Interests in, any Subsidiary that is not required to be so pledged pursuant to Section 8.10); 

(iii) the Company causes any such corporation or other entity to comply with Section 8.10, if such Section is applicable; 

(iv) any such corporation or other entity is not liable for and the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries do not assume any Indebtedness
(except for Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 9.2); 

(v) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing; and 

(vi) at the time of any such acquisition (and after giving effect to loans, advances and investments in connection
therewith or pursuant thereto), the Payment Conditions are satisfied. 

The Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a
certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying as to the provisions in the aforementioned clauses (i), (iv), (v) and (vi) and that the acquisitions under this definition are non-hostile. All pro forma
calculations required to be made pursuant to this definition shall (A) include only those adjustments that are based on reasonably detailed written assumptions reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and (B) be certified to by a
Responsible Officer on behalf of the Company as having been prepared in good faith based upon reasonable assumptions. 

Permitted Discretion means a determination made in good faith and in the exercise of reasonable (from the
perspective of a secured asset-based lender) business judgment. 

35 

Permitted Encumbrances means (i) those liens, encumbrances
and other matters affecting title to any mortgaged property listed in the title policies in respect thereof and found, on the date of delivery of any such title policy to the Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms hereof, reasonably
acceptable by the Collateral Agent, (ii) zoning, building codes, land use and other similar Laws and municipal ordinances which are not violated in any material respect by the existing improvements and the present use by the mortgagor of the
premises under any Mortgage and (iii) such other items to which the Collateral Agent may consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld). 

Permitted Foreign Acquisitions means non-hostile acquisitions (by merger,
purchase or otherwise) by a Foreign Subsidiary of the Company that is a Restricted Subsidiary of all or substantially all of the assets of, or all of the shares of the capital stock or other Equity Interests in, a Person or division or line of
business of a Person which is engaged in the same business as the Company and its Subsidiaries or in a related business; provided that immediately after giving effect thereto: 

(i) such acquired Person or the Person directly owning such division, line of business or other assets shall be a Consolidated Subsidiary;

(ii) 100% (less the amount of such capital stock or other Equity Interests, if any, not exceeding 5% in the aggregate thereof,
attributable to director qualifying shares, shares required by the jurisdiction of organization of such Person to be held by management or other third party and such additional shares the current ownership of which, at the time of such Permitted
Foreign Acquisition, cannot, after commercially reasonable efforts by the Company and its applicable Foreign Subsidiaries, be identified or acquired) of the outstanding capital stock or other Equity Interests of any acquired or newly formed
corporation or other entity that acquires such Person, division or line of business is owned directly by a First Tier Foreign Subsidiary; 

(iii) 65.0% of all outstanding capital stock or other Equity Interests of such First Tier Foreign Subsidiary shall be duly and validly pledged
to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Lenders; 

(iv) neither the applicable First Tier Foreign Subsidiary nor any such
other corporation or other entity is liable for, and the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries do not assume, any Indebtedness (except for Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 9.2(k)); 

(v) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and 

(vi) such acquired Person shall have its jurisdiction of organization in the U.S., Canada or Mexico. 

The Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying as to the provisions in the
aforementioned clauses (i), (iv), (v) and (vi), that the acquisitions under this definition are non-hostile and that Payment Conditions have been satisfied. All pro forma calculations required to be made
pursuant to this definition shall (A) include only those adjustments that are based on reasonably detailed written assumptions reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and (B) be certified to by a Responsible Officer on behalf of
the Company as having been prepared in good faith based upon reasonable assumptions. 

36 

Permitted Joint Ventures means acquisitions (by merger, purchase,
formation of partnership, joint venture or otherwise) by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary not constituting Permitted Acquisitions or Permitted Foreign Acquisitions of interests in any of the assets of, or shares of the capital stock of or
other Equity Interests in, a Person or division or line of business of a Person engaged in the same business as the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or in a related business, provided that immediately after giving effect thereto: 

(i) any outstanding capital stock or other Equity Interests of any acquired or newly formed corporation or other entity owned directly by
the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor is duly and validly pledged to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Lenders if and to the extent required to be so pledged pursuant to the definition of Pledge and Security Agreement
or pursuant to Section 8.10; and 

(ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and the Company shall
have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officers certificate to such effect, together with all relevant financial information for such corporation or other entity or acquired assets. 

Permitted Liens means any Liens permitted under Section 9.3. 

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, business trust, joint stock company, trust, limited liability
company, unincorporated association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. 

Plan means any employee pension benefit plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer
Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of
ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

Plan Asset Regulations
means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 

Pledge and Security Agreement means the Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof, among the
Company, the other Credit Parties from time to time party thereto and the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit A hereto, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented in
accordance with its terms from time to time. 

Pledge and Security Agreements means the collective reference to
the Pledge and Security Agreement and any other pledge agreement or security agreement entered into by a Credit Party and the Collateral Agent (on substantially the same terms as the Pledge and Security Agreement) in accordance with
Section 8.10. 

Pledged Collateral has the meaning specified for the term
Collateral in the Pledge and Security Agreement. 

37 

Post-Petition Financing means, in connection with any proceeding
under any Debtor Relief Laws with respect to a Credit Party, the consensual use of cash collateral by, or the provision of financing or financial accommodations to, such Credit Party, as agreed to by the Administrative Agent (including, in either
event, all of the terms and conditions established and/or approved in connection with the consensual use of cash collateral, financing or financial accommodations). 

PPSA means the Personal Property Security Act (Ontario) and other personal property security legislation of the
applicable Canadian province or provinces in respect of the Credit Parties or the Collateral as all such legislation now exists or may from time to time hereafter be amended, modified, recodified, supplemented or replaced, together with all rules,
regulations and interpretations thereunder or related thereto. 

Prepayment Event means (i) the occurrence
of any Asset Sale in respect of ABL First Priority Collateral that yields Proceeds in excess of $2,500,000, and (ii) the receipt of any Proceeds by any Credit Party in respect of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards with respect to ABL
First Priority Collateral in an amount greater than $2,500,000 per any such occurrence. 

Prior ABL means that
certain Credit Agreement dated as of August 10, 2018 among the Company, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, as collateral agent and as an issuing lender and the
lenders party thereto (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 2018, that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of June 10, 2019, that certain Third Amendment to Credit
Agreement dated as of September 21, 2022 and that certain Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of June 20, 2023 and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to
the date hereof). 

Proceeds means (a) all proceeds, as defined in Article 9 of the UCC with
respect to the Collateral, and (b) whatever is recoverable or recovered when any Collateral is sold, exchanged, collected, or disposed of, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, including, without limitation, all proceeds of insurance policy
covering the Collateral, in each case, net of Taxes, costs or other expenses paid or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof. 

Properties means each parcel of real property currently or previously owned or operated by the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary. 

Protective Advanceshas the meaning specified in Section 2.8(a). 

Public-Sider means a Lender whose representatives may trade in securities of the Company while in possession of the
financial statements provided by the Company under the terms of this Agreement. 

Purchase Agreement means that
certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of March 7, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers party thereto. 

Purchase Date has the meaning specified in Section 13.6(a). 

Purchase Notice has the meaning specified in Section 13.6(a). 

38 

Purchase Option Event means the occurrence of any of the
following: (a) the Administrative Agent shall notify the FILO Administrative Agent of its intention to (by itself or at the direction of the Required Revolving Lenders) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the
Collateral whether by private or public sale or to release the Company or any Credit Party from its Revolving Credit Obligations under this Agreement, in each case in accordance with the last paragraph of Section 12.1(b), (b) the Administrative
Agent shall consent to any liquidation of all or substantially all of the Collateral (or if any such liquidation is otherwise commenced or is the subject of a binding agreement among the Company or any Credit Party and a liquidator), (c) any FILO
Credit Specified Event of Default shall occur, (d) any Event of Default under Section 10.1(f)(i) or (ii) shall occur, (e) any Event of Default under Section 10.1(c) shall occur, but only to the extent (x) such Event of
Default arises from the Companys failure to comply with the provisions of Article 9 and (y) such Event of Default has not been waived or cured within sixty (60) days or (f) any Event of Default under Section 10.1(c) shall
occur, but only to the extent (x) such Event of Default arises from the Companys failure to comply with the provisions of Section 8.12 and (y) such Event of Default has not been waived or cured within sixty (60) days. The
Administrative Agent shall endeavor to notify the FILO Administrative Agent of any Purchase Option Event arising under the foregoing clause (b). 

Purchasing Creditors has the meaning specified in Section 13.6(a). 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in
accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in
Section 12.18. 

Qualified ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Credit Party that
has total assets exceeding $10,000,000 at the time the relevant Guaranty or grant of the relevant security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other Person constitutes an eligible contract
participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under
Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Qualified Stock Repurchases means, collectively,
one or more open market or privately negotiated purchases by the Company for cash of the Companys issued and outstanding shares of common stock if each share of common stock so purchased is retired and cancelled (and returned to the status of
authorized and unissued shares) promptly following the consummation of such repurchase. 

Real Property means,
with respect to any Person, all of the right, title and interest of such Person in and to land, improvements and fixtures, including Leaseholds. 

Register has the meaning specified in Section 12.6(d). 

Related Document means any agreement, certificate, document or instrument relating to a Letter of Credit. 

Related Parties has the meaning specified in Section 12.5(a)(iv). 

39 

Relevant Governmental Body means, the Board and/or the NYFRB, or a
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto. 

Reportable
Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations thereunder. 

Required FILO Lenders means at any time FILO Credit Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) that hold at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the FILO Credit Commitments or, if the FILO Credit Commitments have expired or been cancelled, or if the FILO Credit Loans have been funded, the aggregate then outstanding principal amount
of the FILO Credit Loans. 

Required Lenders means, at a particular time, and subject to Section 5.24(b),
Lenders that hold at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the sum of (i) the Revolving Credit Commitments or, if the Revolving Credit Commitments have been cancelled, the sum of (A) the aggregate then
outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans, plus (B) the L/C Participating Interests in the aggregate amount then available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit, plus (C) the aggregate then outstanding
principal amount of Revolving L/C Obligations, plus (D) the aggregate amount represented by the agreements of the Lenders in Sections 2.8(a) and (b) with respect to the Protective Advances then outstanding and (ii) the FILO
Credit Commitments or, if the FILO Credit Commitments have expired or been cancelled, or if the FILO Credit Loans have been funded, the aggregate then outstanding principal amount of the FILO Credit Loans. 

Required Ratio means, on any date of determination with respect to any incurrence of Indebtedness under Sections
9.2(g) and 9.2(i), for the most recently ended applicable quarterly Measurement Period, the ratio of (x) Consolidated Total Indebtedness (net of Unrestricted Cash, in an amount not to exceed $25,000,000) as of the end of such period to
(y) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended applicable quarterly Measurement Period shall: (1)(i) with respect to incurrence of Indebtedness under Section 9.2(g), not exceed 2.5 to 1.0 and (ii) with respect to incurrence of
Indebtedness under Section 9.2(i), not exceed 3.0 to 1.0 or (2) with respect to any such Indebtedness incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment permitted under this Agreement, not exceed, during the one-year period immediately following the Funding Date, such ratio existing immediately prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness and the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or Investment permitted under
this Agreement, and, thereafter, the lesser of (A) such ratio existing immediately prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness and the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or Investment permitted under this Agreement or (B) 3.0 to 1.0;
provided that, in each case, (A) all pro forma calculations of such ratio within this definition shall include only those adjustments that are based on reasonably detailed written assumptions reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent and (B) for any Indebtedness incurred in connection with Section 9.2(i) or a Permitted Acquisition or Investment, pro forma calculations of such ratio shall be accompanied by a certificate from a Responsible Officer on behalf of the
Company delivered to the Administrative Agent no less than fifteen (15) days prior to the incurrence of any such Indebtedness, certifying that such calculation has been prepared in good faith based upon reasonable assumptions and giving effect
to such incurrence on a pro forma basis, the Company is in compliance with the Required Ratio. 

40 

Required Revolving Lenders means at any time Revolving Credit
Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) that hold at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the Revolving Credit Commitments or, if the Revolving Credit Commitments have been cancelled, the sum of (A) the
aggregate then outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans, plus (B) the L/C Participating Interests in the aggregate amount then available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit, plus (C) the aggregate then
outstanding principal amount of Revolving L/C Obligations, plus (D) the aggregate amount represented by the agreements of the Lenders in Sections 2.8(a) and (b) with respect to the Protective Advances then outstanding. 

Requirement of Law means, as to any Person, the Organization Documents of such Person, and any Law (including,
without limitation, Environmental Laws), in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 

Reserves means, on any date of determination, the sum of the following reserves established by the Administrative
Agent (and determined without duplication): 

(a) in the case of Eligible Accounts and Eligible Unbilled Accounts, reserves
established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion for Dilution, for uninsured, underinsured, un-indemnified or under-indemnified liabilities or potential liabilities with respect to any
litigation and for taxes, fees, assessments and other governmental charges; plus 

(b) in the case of Eligible Inventory,
reserves established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion for volatility, for Inventory shrinkage, for customs charges and shipping charges related to any Inventory in transit, for rent at locations leased by the Company, for
consignees, warehousemens and bailees charges, for uninsured losses, for uninsured, underinsured, un-indemnified or under-indemnified liabilities or potential liabilities with respect to any
litigation, for taxes, fees, assessments, and other governmental charges and for retention of title or similar arrangements; plus 

(c) other reserves established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK
Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer or the chief operating officer of
the Company or, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer, controller, vice president finance or treasurer of the Company. 

Restricted Subsidiary means each Subsidiary other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

Revolving Credit Commitment means, as to any Lender, its obligations to make Revolving Credit Loans to the Company
pursuant to Section 2.1, to purchase its L/C Participating Interest in any Letter of Credit and to purchase participations in Protective Advances in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time the amount set forth opposite such
Lenders name in Schedule 1A under the heading Revolving Credit Commitment and in an aggregate amount not 

41 

to exceed at any time the amount equal to such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, as the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments
may be reduced or adjusted from time to time pursuant to this Agreement; collectively, as to all the Lenders, the Revolving Credit Commitments. On the Execution Date, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments
is $125,000,000. 

Revolving Credit Commitment Increase has the meaning specified in Section 3.1. 

Revolving Credit Commitment Increase Expiration Date means September 7, 2025; provided, that the
Revolving Credit Increase Expiration Date shall be automatically extended to March 7, 2026 if the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase Fee (as defined in the Fee Letter) is paid in accordance with the Fee Letter on or before
September 7, 2025. 

Revolving Credit Commitment Increase Lender has the meaning specified in
Section 3.8. 

Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage means, as to any Lender at any time, the percentage
which such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment constitutes of all of the Revolving Credit Commitments (or, if the Revolving Credit Commitments shall have been terminated, the percentage of the outstanding Aggregate Revolving Credit Extensions
of Credit and Protective Advances constituted by such Lenders Aggregate Revolving Credit Extensions of Credit and participating interest in Protective Advances). 

Revolving Credit Commitment Period means the period from and including the Execution Date to but not including the
Revolving Credit Termination Date. 

Revolving Credit Facility has the meaning specified in the definition of
Facilities. 

Revolving Credit Lenders means the Lenders with Revolving Credit
Commitments and/or outstanding Revolving Credit Loans. 

Revolving Credit Loan and Revolving Credit
Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.1(a), and shall include Protective Advances made pursuant to Section 2.8. 

Revolving Credit Obligations means all present and future Revolving Credit Loans, advances, debts, liabilities,
fees, expenses, obligations, reimbursement obligations, guaranties, covenants, duties and indebtedness at any time owing by the Company or any Credit Party to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and Revolving Credit Lenders, which are
evidenced by this Agreement, any other Credit Document, any Letter of Credit or L/C Application, whether arising from an extension of credit, guaranty, indemnification or otherwise, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assignment
and any participation by any Revolving Credit Lender in any Credit Partys indebtedness owing under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents), whether absolute or contingent, whether due or to become due, whether allowed or not allowed and
whether arising before or after the commencement of a proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code (11 U.S.C. 101 etseq.) or any similar statute. 

Revolving Credit Secured Parties means all Secured Parties other than the FILO Credit Secured Parties. 

42 

Revolving Credit Termination Date means, the earlier to occur of
(i) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) any other date on which the Revolving Credit Commitments shall terminate hereunder. 

Revolving L/C Obligations means the obligations of the Company to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for any
payments made by an L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit that have not been reimbursed by the Company pursuant to Section 2.6. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc. 

Sale and Leaseback Obligation has the meaning specified in Section 10.1(e). 

Sale and Leaseback Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 9.16. 

Same Day Funds means immediately available funds. 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any
Sanctions (as of the Execution Date, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba,
Iran, North Korea, and Syria). 

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, any Person subject or target of any
Sanctions, including (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the U.S. government (including those maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the
Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, U.S. Department of Commerce), (b) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state,
His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, or otherwise a target of Sanctions, (c) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, or (d) any Person that is owned or
controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a), (b) or (c) (including, without limitation for purposes of defining a Sanctioned Person, as ownership and control may be defined and/or established in and/or by any
applicable laws, rules, regulations, or orders). 

Sanctionsmeans applicable economic, financial
or trade sanctions (including secondary and sectoral sanctions), embargoes, anti-terrorism laws and similar laws and regulations imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. Government, including those administered by the
U.S. Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control, or the U.S. Department of State including but not limited to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, Trading with the Enemy Act, United Nations Participation Act, Foreign
Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act, Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act, Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, and similar laws, executive orders and regulations
concerning sanctions, (b) His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, (c) the European Union, and any European Union member state, (d) the United Nations Security Council or (e) other relevant sanctions authority. 

43 

Scheduled Maturity Date means, the earlier to occur of
(i) March 7, 2028 and (ii) the date that is ninety one (91) days prior to the scheduled maturity date of the Senior Notes (if any Senior Notes are still outstanding as of such date). 

Secured Parties means, collectively, the Agents, the FILO Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and any
other Persons the obligations owing to which are or are purported to be secured by the Collateral under the terms of the Collateral Documents, and the successors and assigns of each of the foregoing. 

Senior Notes means senior notes purchased by the Purchasers under the Purchase Agreement in an aggregate principal
amount of $232,160,000. 

Single Employer Plan means any Plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA, but which is
not a Multiemployer Plan. 

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by
the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured
overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Loanmeans any Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by
reference to Adjusted Term SOFR (other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of ABR). 

Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that
on such date (i) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (ii) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less
than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (iii) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such
Persons ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (iv) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Persons property would
constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be
expected to become an actual or matured liability. 

Specified Event of Default means (a) an Event of
Default under Section 10.1(a) or Section 10.1(f) or (b) an Event of Default under Section 10.1(c), but only to the extent such Event of Default arises from the Credit Parties failure to comply with the provisions of
Section 8.1(b) during the occurrence of any Covenant Trigger Event, Section 8.2(f) or Section 9.1. 

Subject
Transaction means any (a) disposition of assets or Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary or of any product line, business unit, line of business or division of the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, in each
case to the extent otherwise permitted hereunder, (b) Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Foreign Acquisition, (c) other Investment that is permitted hereunder (including with respect to any business unit, line of business or product line),
(d) designation of any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or of any 

44 

Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, (e) proposed incurrence of Indebtedness or making of a dividend or Restricted Payment in respect of which compliance with any financial
ratio is by the terms of this Agreement required to be calculated on a pro forma basis and (f) termination or discontinuance of activities constituting a business unit, line of business or product line. 

Subsidiary means, as to any Person, a corporation, partnership or other entity of which shares of capital
stock or other Equity Interests having ordinary voting power (other than capital stock or other equity interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of
such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, directly or indirectly, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly, or both, by such Person. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term
Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Company. 

Subsidiary Guarantor means any of the
Companys Subsidiaries which is a Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary and any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company that from time to time shall or shall be required to deliver a Guaranty or a Credit Party Accession Agreement or other guaranty or
guaranty supplement pursuant to Section 8.10 or 9.15. 

Supported QFC has the meaning specified in
Section 12.18. 

Swap Contract means (i) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit
derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or
forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot
contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and
(ii) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any
International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement), including any such obligations or liabilities under any
Master Agreement. 

Swap Obligation of any Person means all obligations (including, without limitation, any
amounts which accrue after the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding with respect to such Person, whether or not allowed or allowable as a claim under any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws) of such Person in respect of any
Swap Contract, excluding any amounts which such Person is entitled to set-off against its obligations under applicable law. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, or other
similar charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

45 

Term SOFR means, for any calendar month, the Term SOFR Reference
Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such calendar month, as such rate is
published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month has not been published by the
Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more
than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day. 

Term SOFR
Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.11448% (11.448 basis points). 

Term SOFR Administrator
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

Termination Date means the date on which all of the Obligations have been Paid in Full. 

Transferee has the meaning specified in Section 12.16(f). 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or
(c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government
securities. 

U.S. Person means a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the
Code. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in Section 12.18. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificatehas the meaning specified in Section 5.23(g)(ii)(B)(III). 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York; provided that, if perfection or
the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the priority of any security interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York,
UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority. 

46 

UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term
is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility
for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable
Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Unfinanced Capital Expenditures
means, with respect to any Person and for any period, Capital Expenditures made by such Person during such period and not financed from the proceeds of Indebtedness (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, Loans), the proceeds of any issuance of
equity or the proceeds of any asset sale, casualty event, or condemnation event. 

Unintentional Overadvancemeans an Overadvance which, to the Administrative Agents knowledge, did not constitute an Overadvance when made but which has become an Overadvance resulting from changed circumstances beyond the control of the Agents and the Lenders,
including, without limitation, the imposition of (or increase in) the FILO Deficiency Reserve,a reduction in the Appraised Net Orderly Liquidation Value of property or assets included in the Borrowing Base or the FILO Borrowing Base ormisrepresentation by the Credit Parties. 

Unmatured Surviving Obligations means, at any date, contingent
indemnification or expense reimbursement claims which are not then due and payable or with respect to which no demand has been made. 

Unrestricted Cash means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents on the
consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are deposited in or credited to deposit accounts or securities accounts subject to perfected Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent and that are not
restricted for purposes of GAAP; provided, that, in connection with any calculation of the Required Ratio in connection with an incurrence of Indebtedness, Unrestricted Cash shall not include proceeds of Indebtedness incurred in
reliance on such calculation of the Required Ratio. 

Unrestricted Subsidiaries means (a) any Subsidiary of
the Company that is formed or acquired after the Execution Date and for which the Unrestricted Subsidiary Lender Consent has been obtained, (b) any Restricted Subsidiary subsequently designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary by the Company and
for which the Unrestricted Subsidiary Lender Consent has been obtained, and (c) each Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided that in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, (I) such designation shall be
deemed to be an Investment made on the date of such designation in an amount equal to the fair market value of the investment therein (as determined in good faith by the Company) and such designation shall be permitted only to the extent permitted
under Section 9.7(m) on the date of such designation, (II) there shall not be an Unrestricted Subsidiary designated hereunder that is not also designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary (or similar equivalent term) under the Notes Documents
and under any documentation governing any Material Indebtedness, (III) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and 

47 

be continuing or would immediately result from such designation after giving pro forma effect thereto (including to the re-designation of Indebtedness and
Liens on the assets of such Subsidiary as Indebtedness and Liens on assets of an Unrestricted Subsidiary) and (IV) no Unrestricted Subsidiary may own or hold, and none of the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries may transfer (including
by granting an exclusive license) or contribute to any Unrestricted Subsidiary, any asset that is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. The Company may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, re-designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary (which shall constitute a reduction in any outstanding Investment) (but may thereafter not re-designate
such Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary), and thereafter, such Subsidiary shall no longer constitute an Unrestricted Subsidiary, but only if no Event of Default would immediately result from such
re-designation (including the re-designation of Indebtedness and Liens on the assets of such Subsidiary as Indebtedness and Liens on assets of a Restricted Subsidiary
and the deemed return on any Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to clause (y) below). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute (x) the incurrence by such Restricted
Subsidiary at the time of such designation of any Indebtedness or Liens of such Restricted Subsidiary outstanding at such time (after giving effect to, and taking into account, any payoff or termination of Indebtedness or any release or termination
of Liens, in each case, occurring in connection or substantially concurrently therewith) and (y) constitute a return on any Investment by the Company in such Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount equal to the fair market value (as determined in
good faith by the Company) at the date of such prior designation of such Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary. As of the Execution Date, none of the Subsidiaries of the Company is an Unrestricted Subsidiary, and in no event shall the
Company become an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary Lender Consent means the prior written
consent of the Required Lenders, provided at their sole discretion, in response to a written request from the Company to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (which may be made by e-mail) to designate a
Subsidiary or Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary hereunder; provided, that (a) such request includes a certification of a Responsible Officer of the Company specifying that all of the applicable conditions set forth in
the first proviso of the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary have been satisfied and (b) if the Required Lenders do not provide a response to such written request within ten (10) Business Days of the date on which such
request is received by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders shall be deemed to have provided their consent to such designation. 

Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary means at any date a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Company which is a Domestic
Subsidiary at such date (other than any such Domestic Subsidiary that is a CFC Holdco or directly or indirectly owned by a CFC), and Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiaries means all of them, collectively. 

Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary means at any date a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary which is a Restricted Subsidiary at
such date, and Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiaries means all of them, collectively. 

Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person at any date, any Subsidiary of such Person all of the shares of capital stock or other ownership interests of which (except directors qualifying shares) are at the time directly or
indirectly owned by such Person. 

48 

Withdrawal Liabilitymeans liability to a Multiemployer
Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan as provided in Section 4201 of ERISA. 

Withholding Agent has the meaning specified in Section 5.23(a). 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and
conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel,
reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any
other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that
Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

1.3 Other
Definitional Provisions. 

(a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings
when used in any other Credit Document or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto. 

(b) As used herein and in
any other Credit Document and any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto, accounting terms relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries not defined in Section 1.1 and accounting terms partly defined in Section 1.1
to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP. 

(c) The meanings given to terms defined herein
shall be equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of such terms. 

(d) Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall
include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring
to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (ii) any reference herein to any Person
shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns, (iii) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its
entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (iv) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (v) any
reference to any law, rule or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and (vi) the words asset and property shall
be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 

49 

1.4 Divisions. For all purposes under the Credit Documents, in connection with
any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different
Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of
its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 

1.5 Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or
accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR,Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or with respect to any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any then-current Benchmark or any Benchmark
Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement), as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.17(b), will be similar to,
or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect,
implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR,Term
SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto and such transactions may be adverse to the Company. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services
in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any other Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Company, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in
tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

2. 

AMOUNT AND TERMS OF REVOLVING CREDIT COMMITMENTS 

2.1 Revolving Credit Commitments. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender agrees to extend credit, in an aggregate amount not to exceed such Lenders
Revolving Credit Commitment, to the Company from time to time on any Borrowing Date during the Revolving Credit Commitment Period by purchasing an L/C Participating Interest in each Letter of Credit issued by an L/C Issuer and by making loans to the
Company (Revolving Credit Loans) from time to time. Revolving Credit Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to the Administrative Agents authority, in its reasonable
discretion, to make Protective Advances 

50 

pursuant to Section 2.8, in no event shall (i) any Revolving Credit Loan be made, or any Letter of Credit be issued, if, after giving effect thereto and the use of proceeds thereof as
irrevocably directed by the Company, the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Extensions of Credit would exceed the Line Cap then in effect or (ii) any Revolving Credit Loan be made, or any Letter of Credit be issued, if the amount of such
Loan to be made or any Letter of Credit to be issued would, after giving effect to the use of proceeds, if any, thereof, exceed the Available Revolving Credit Commitments. Subject to the foregoing, during the Revolving Credit Commitment Period, the
Company may use the Revolving Credit Commitments by borrowing, repaying the Revolving Credit Loans in whole or in part, and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, and/or by having an L/C Issuer issue Letters of Credit,
having such Letters of Credit expire undrawn upon or if drawn upon, reimbursing the relevant L/C Issuer for such drawing, and having the applicable L/C Issuer issue new Letters of Credit. 

2.2 Proceeds of Loans. The Company shall use the proceeds of Loans solely for financing the working capital or general corporate
purposes of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including making payments to an L/C Issuer to reimburse the L/C Issuer for drawings made under the Letters of Credit). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Credit Party will request any Loans, and no
Credit Party shall use, and shall procure that their Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, agents, shall not use, the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit (A) in
furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating
any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country in a manner that breaches applicable Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any
party hereto. 

2.3 Issuance of Letters of Credit. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, during the Revolving Credit Commitment Period, the Administrative Agent agrees to arrange for
one or more L/C Issuers to issue (or amend or extend) a standby Letter of Credit denominated in Dollars by delivering to the Administrative Agent at its address specified in Section 12.2 (for delivery to the applicable L/C Issuer) an L/C
Application completed to the satisfaction of the applicable L/C Issuer, together with the proposed form of the Letter of Credit (which shall comply with the applicable requirements of paragraph (b) below) and such other certificates, documents
and other papers and information as the applicable L/C Issuer may reasonably request; provided that if an L/C Issuer informs the Company that it is for any reason unable to open such Letter of Credit, the Company may request another L/C
Issuer to open such Letter of Credit upon the same terms offered to the initial L/C Issuer. Letters of Credit shall be denominated in Dollars. 

(b) Each Letter of Credit issued (or amended or extended) hereunder shall, among other things, (i) be in such form requested by the
Company as shall be acceptable to the applicable L/C Issuer in its sole discretion and (ii) subject to paragraph (c) below, have an expiry date occurring not later than the earlier of (A) three hundred and sixty-five (365) days
after the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit and (B) five (5) Business Days prior to the Revolving Credit Termination Date. 

51 

(c) If the Company so requests in the applicable L/C Application, the applicable L/C Issuer
may agree to issue a Letter of Credit with a one-year tenor that has automatic extension or renewal provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit);
provided that (x) any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the applicable L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension or renewal at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with
the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a certain number of days prior to each anniversary of such Letter of Credits date of issuance (the Non-Extension Notice Date), such number of days to be agreed upon by the Company and the applicable L/C Issuer at the time such Letter of Credit is issued and (y) such prior notice shall be deemed
to have been given by the applicable L/C Issuer on the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer in accordance with Section 11.9. Unless otherwise directed by an L/C Issuer, the Company shall not be required to make a specific request
to an L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Revolving Credit Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter
of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Revolving Credit Termination Date; provided, however, that the applicable L/C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the
applicable L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of
Section 2.1(a), Section 2.5 or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is thirty (30) days before the Non-Extension
Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Revolving Credit Lender or the Company that one or more of the applicable
conditions specified in Section 7.3 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the applicable L/C Issuer not to permit such extension; provided, further, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the applicable L/C Issuer
may agree, in its sole discretion, to issue a Letter of Credit with an expiry date later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Revolving Credit Termination Date (or allow an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit to extend past such date) so long
as, at the time such Letter of Credit is issued (or, in the case of an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit, on or prior to Non-Extension Notice Date in respect of same) the Company Cash Collateralizes such Letter
of Credit. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no L/C Issuer shall have any obligation hereunder to issue, amend or
extend, and shall not issue, amend or extend, any Letter of Credit (i) the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (A) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory that,
at the time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions or (B) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement, (ii) if any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or
arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the L/C Issuer from issuing, amending or extending such Letter of Credit, or any Requirement of Law relating to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force
of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance, amendment or extension of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or
shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Execution Date, or shall impose upon the
L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Execution Date and which 

52 

the L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it, (iii) if the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the L/C Issuer applicable to
letters of credit generally or (iv) if the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit would result in more than twenty (20) Letters of Credit being outstanding at any time; provided that, notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and
(y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory
authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed not to be in effect on the Execution Date for purposes of clause (ii) above, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 

2.4 Participating Interests. Effective in the case of each Letter of Credit opened by an L/C Issuer as of the date of the
opening thereof, the applicable L/C Issuer agrees to allot and does allot, to itself and each other Revolving Credit Lender, and each Revolving Credit Lender severally and irrevocably agrees to take and does take in such Letter of Credit and the
related L/C Application, an L/C Participating Interest in a percentage equal to such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each such Revolving Credit Lender
hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent in Dollars, for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer, such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of each L/C Disbursement made by
such L/C Issuer, in each case to the extent not reimbursed by the Company on the date due as provided in Section 2.6, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Company for any reason. 

2.5 Procedure for Opening Letters of Credit. Upon receipt of any L/C Application from the Company in respect of a Letter
of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer will promptly notify the Administrative Agent thereof and the Administrative Agent will notify each Revolving Credit Lender. The applicable L/C Issuer will process such L/C Application, and the other
certificates, documents and other papers delivered to the applicable L/C Issuer in connection therewith, upon receipt thereof in accordance with its customary procedures and, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, shall promptly open such
Letter of Credit by issuing the original of such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof and by furnishing a copy thereof to the Company; provided that no such Letter of Credit shall be issued (i) if the amount of such requested
Letter of Credit, together with the sum of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of Revolving L/C Obligations outstanding at the time of such request and (B) the maximum aggregate amount available to be drawn under all Letters of Credit
outstanding at such time, would exceed $10,000,000, (ii) if the amount of such requested Letter of Credit, together with the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of Revolving L/C Obligations made by an L/C Issuer that have not yet been
reimbursed by or on behalf of the Company at such time and (B) the maximum aggregate amount available to be drawn under all Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer and outstanding at such time, would exceed the L/C Commitment (unless such
L/C Issuer otherwise agrees) or (iii) if Section 2.1 would be violated thereby. 

53 

2.6 Payments in Respect of Letters of Credit. 

(a) If an L/C Issuer shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Company shall reimburse such L/C Disbursement by
paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such L/C Disbursement in Dollars, (i) not later than 1:00 P.M., New York City time, on the same Business Day if the Company receives notice of such L/C Disbursement at or before 11:00 A.M.
New York City time on such Business Day, or (ii) if the Company receives a notice of disbursement after 11:00 A.M. New York City time not later than 1:00 P.M. New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following the date that the
Company receives such notice; provided that the Company may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 5.1 that such payment be financed with a SOFR Loan (subject to
Section 5.17(b)), which is a Revolving Credit Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Companys obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting SOFR Loan (subject to
Section 5.17(b)), which is a Revolving Credit Loan. 

(b) If an L/C Issuer shall make any L/C Disbursement, then, unless the Company
shall reimburse such L/C Disbursement in full on the date such L/C Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such L/C Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Company
reimburses such L/C Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to SOFR Loans (subject to Section 5.17(b)); provided that, if the Company fails to reimburse such L/C Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (b) of this
Section, then, Section 5.7(c) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Credit Lender pursuant
to paragraph (a) of this Section to reimburse such L/C Issuer shall be for the account of such Revolving Credit Lender to the extent of such payment. If the Company fails to make such payment when due, then the Administrative Agent shall notify
the applicable L/C Issuer and each other applicable Revolving Credit Lender of the applicable L/C Disbursement, the payment then due from the Company in respect thereof and such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage
thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each applicable Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent in Dollars its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the payment then due from the Company (and
Section 5.18(b) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable L/C Issuer in Dollars the amounts so received by it from such
Revolving Credit Lender. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Company pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable L/C Issuer or, to the extent that
Revolving Credit Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such L/C Issuer, then to such Revolving Credit Lenders and the applicable L/C Issuer as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Revolving Credit Lender
pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse any L/C Issuer for any L/C Disbursement (other than the funding of SOFR Loans as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such L/C
Disbursement. 

(c) Whenever, at any time after an L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any other
Revolving Credit Lender such other Revolving Credit Lenders pro-rata share of the Revolving L/C Obligation arising therefrom, an L/C Issuer receives any reimbursement on account of such Revolving L/C
Obligation or any payment of interest on account thereof, the applicable L/C Issuer will distribute to such other Revolving Credit Lender, through the Administrative Agent, its pro-rata share thereof in like
funds as received (appropriately 

54 

adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Revolving Credit Lenders participating interest was outstanding and funded); provided
that, in the event that the receipt by the applicable L/C Issuer of such reimbursement or such payment of interest (as the case may be) is required to be returned, such other Revolving Credit Lender will promptly return to the applicable L/C Issuer,
through the Administrative Agent, any portion thereof previously distributed by the applicable L/C Issuer to it in like funds as such reimbursement or payment is required to be returned by the applicable L/C Issuer. 

(d) The Company shall pay to each L/C Issuer, each of the fees set forth in Section 5.11. 

2.7 Participations. Each Revolving Credit Lenders obligation to purchase participating interests pursuant to
Section 2.4 is absolute and unconditional as set forth in Section 5.16. 

2.8 Protective Advances. 

(a) Subject to the limitations set forth below, the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, may make Revolving
Credit Loans to the Company on behalf of the Lenders, so long as the aggregate amount of such Revolving Credit Loans shall not exceed 5% of the Borrowing Base, if the Administrative Agent deems that such Revolving Credit Loans are necessary or
desirable (i) to protect all or any portion of the Collateral, (ii) to enhance the likelihood or maximize the amount of repayment of the Loans and the other Obligations or (iii) to pay any other amount chargeable to the Company
pursuant to this Agreement (such Revolving Credit Loans, Protective Advances); provided that (A) in no event shall the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Extensions of Credit exceed the aggregate Revolving
Credit Commitments and (B) the Required Lenders may at any time revoke the Administrative Agents authorization to make future Protective Advances (provided that existing Protective Advances shall not be subject to such revocation
and any such revocation must be in writing and shall become effective prospectively upon the Administrative Agents receipt thereof). At any time that the conditions for making a Revolving Credit Loan are satisfied, the Administrative Agent may
request the Lenders to make a Revolving Credit Loan to repay a Protective Advance. At any other time the Administrative Agent may require the Lenders to fund their risk participation described in Section 2.8(b). 

(b) Upon the making of a Protective Advance, each Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally
and irrevocably purchased from the Administrative Agent (regardless of the existence of any Event of Default or other condition), without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such Protective Advance based upon their
Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages. From and after the date, if any, on which any Lender is required to fund its participation in any Protective Advance purchased hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to such Lender,
such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages of all payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent in respect of such Protective Advance. 

(c) All Protective Advances shall be secured by the Collateral and shall bear interest as provided in this Agreement for SOFR Loans (subject
to Section 5.17(b)). 

55 

2.9 FILO Credit Commitments. 

(a) FILO Credit Loans. On the terms and subject to the conditions contained in this Agreement, each FILO Credit Lender severally agrees
to make a term loan in Dollars (each, a FILO Credit Loan) to the Company in a principal amount equal to such FILO Credit Lenders FILO Credit Commitment Percentage. The FILO Credit Loans shall be funded in one draw on
or prior to the FILO Credit Commitment Expiration Date in an amount not to exceed $10,000,000 in respect of Eligible Accounts, Eligible Unbilled Accounts, and Eligible Inventory contemplated under the FILO Borrowing Base (the date of such funding,
the FILO Credit Funding Date), upon and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.9(b). FILO Credit Loans made pursuant to this Agreement and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. The FILO
Credit Commitment shall terminate on the earliest of (i) the FILO Credit Commitment Expiration Date, (ii) the FILO Credit Termination Date, and (iii) the FILO Credit Funding Date immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of
the FILO Credit Loan. The Company agrees to pay the FILO Credit Lenders the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the FILO Credit Loans on the FILO Credit Termination Date or earlier, if otherwise required by the terms hereof. 

(b) FILO Credit Loan Conditions Precedent. In addition to satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 7.3, the
funding of any FILO Credit Loans shall be subject to the condition precedent that the Company shall have provided to the Administrative Agent the information required in the Administrative Agents ABLSoft system to determine the FILO Borrowing
Base with respect to Eligible Inventory, Eligible Accounts and Eligible Unbilled Accounts of the Credit Parties as of the last day of the month immediately preceding the applicable Borrowing Date. 

(c) FILO Deficiency Reserve; Certain Availability Reserves. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other
Credit Document, as long as any portion of the FILO Credit Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall implement and maintain, without duplication, the FILO Deficiency Reserve, if applicable. For the purposes of determining any FILO
Deficiency Reserve, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely solely on the calculation thereof made by the Company as reflected in the most recent Borrowing Base Calculation delivered by the Company to the Administrative Agent, unless the
Administrative Agent is notified in writing by the FILO Administrative Agent that such calculation contains a manifest error and providing the Administrative Agent and the Company with the correct calculation, prepared in good faith, of the FILO
Deficiency Reserve (any such notice, a FILO Deficiency Reserve Correction Notice), and, in such event, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely solely on the calculation of the FILO Deficiency Reserve made by the
FILO Administrative Agent as reflected in the FILO Deficiency Reserve Correction Notice. Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Borrowing Base Calculation or a FILO Deficiency Reserve Correction Notice, as applicable, the Administrative Agent
shall have a two (2) Business Day period of time to implement any FILO Deficiency Reserve or any adjustments to the FILO Deficiency Reserve then in effect as set forth in such Borrowing Base Calculation or such FILO Deficiency Reserve
Correction Notice, as the case may be, and shall thereafter maintain such FILO Deficiency Reserve until further adjustment, if any, pursuant to receipt of a subsequent Borrowing Base Calculation or FILO Deficiency Reserve Correction Notice. The
Administrative Agent shall not have any liability for relying on the calculation of any FILO Deficiency Reserve as set forth in a Borrowing Base Calculation delivered by the Company or in any FILO Deficiency Reserve

56 

Correction Notice delivered by the FILO Administrative Agent, as the case may be. In the event of any discrepancy or dispute between the FILO Administrative Agent and the Company as to the amount
of any FILO Deficiency Reserve, the Administrative Agent shall rely (and shall be entitled to rely) solely on the calculation of the FILO Deficiency Reserve as determined by the FILO Administrative Agent in a FILO Deficiency Reserve Correction
Notice and shall have no liability to any Person for doing so. 

3. 

AMOUNT AND TERMS OF INCREMENTAL LOANS 

3.1 Requests for Incremental Loans. Upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders) at any time
after the Funding Date but prior the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase Expiration Date, the Company may make a request for a single $25,000,000 increase in the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Commitments (the Revolving Credit
Commitment Increase). Any loans made in respect of the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase (the Incremental Revolving Credit Loans) shall be made by increasing the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments with
terms identical to those of the existing Revolving Credit Loans. 

3.2 Ranking and Other Provisions. The Incremental
Revolving Credit Loans (i) shall have the same guarantees as, and rank pari passu in right of payment and in respect of lien priority as to the Collateral with the Obligations in respect of, the Revolving Credit Commitments and (ii) shall
be on terms and pursuant to documentation identical as, and treated substantially the same as, the Revolving Credit Loans. 

3.3
Lender Commitments. The Revolving Credit Commitment Increase is a committed facility, provided, that the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase shall terminate if not requested by the Company on or prior to the Revolving Credit
Commitment Increase Expiration Date. The Revolving Credit Commitment Increase, if requested by the Company in accordance with this Article 3, shall be provided by each applicable Lender in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time the amount set
forth opposite such Lenders name in Schedule 1A under the heading Revolving Credit Commitment Increase. 

3.4
Incremental Facility Amendment. The Revolving Credit Commitment Increase shall become Commitments (or in the case of any Revolving Credit Commitment Increase to be provided by an existing Revolving Credit Lender, an increase in such
Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment) under this Agreement pursuant to an amendment (an Incremental Facility Amendment) to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Credit Documents, executed by
the Company, each Lender having a Revolving Credit Commitment Increase and the Administrative Agent. An Incremental Facility Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to any Credit Documents as may be necessary
or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Article 3. 

3.5
Effective Date and Allocations. If any Revolving Credit Commitment Increase is effected in accordance with this Article 3, the Administrative Agent and the Company shall determine the effective date (the Incremental
Commitments Effective Date). 

57 

3.6 Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase. The effectiveness of any
Incremental Facility Amendment shall, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each Lender party thereto, be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof (the Incremental Facility Closing Date) of each
of the following conditions: 

(a) the Administrative Agent shall have received on or prior to the Incremental Facility
Closing Date each of the following, each dated the Incremental Facility Closing Date unless otherwise indicated or agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: (i) the
applicable Incremental Facility Amendment; (ii) certified copies of resolutions of the board of directors of each Credit Party approving the execution, delivery and performance of the Incremental Facility Amendment; and (iii) a favorable
opinion of counsel for the Credit Parties dated the Incremental Facility Closing Date, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and in form and substance and from counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(b) (i) the conditions precedent set forth in Section 7.3
shall have been satisfied both before and after giving effect to such Incremental Facility Amendment and the additional Extensions of Credit provided thereby (it being understood that all references to the obligation of any Lender to make a
Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing shall be deemed to refer to the effectiveness of the Incremental Facility Amendment on the Incremental Facility Closing Date) and (ii) all Incremental Revolving Credit Loans provided by the applicable
Incremental Facility Amendment shall be made on the terms and conditions provided for above; and 

(c) there shall have been
paid to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as applicable, all fees and expenses (including reasonable out-of-pocket
fees, charges and disbursements of counsel) invoiced with reasonable supporting documentation that are due and payable on or before the Incremental Facility Closing Date. 

3.7 Effect of Incremental Facility Amendment. On the Incremental Commitments Effective Date, each Lender or Eligible
Assignee which is providing the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase (i) shall become a Lender for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and (ii) shall have a Revolving Credit Commitment Increase which
shall become a Commitment hereunder. 

3.8 Revolving Credit Commitment Increase. Upon the Revolving Credit
Commitment Increase pursuant to this Article 3, (i) each Revolving Credit Lender immediately prior to such increase will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each existing Lender, if any, in each case providing a
portion of the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase (each a Revolving Credit Commitment Increase Lender), and the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase Lender will automatically and without further act be deemed to have
assumed, a portion of such Revolving Credit Lenders participation interests hereunder in outstanding Letters of Credit such that, after giving effect to the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase and each such deemed assignment and assumption of
participation interests, the percentage of the aggregate outstanding participation interests hereunder in Letters of Credit held 

58 

by each Revolving Credit Lender (including such Revolving Credit Commitment Increase Lender) will equal such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage and
(ii) if, on the date of the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase, there are any Revolving Credit Loans outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall take those steps which it deems, in its sole discretion and in consultation with the Company,
necessary and appropriate to result in each Revolving Credit Lender (including each Revolving Credit Commitment Increase Lender) having a pro-rata share of the outstanding Revolving Credit Loans based on each
such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage immediately after giving effect to the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby agree that the minimum borrowing, pro-rata borrowing and pro-rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to any transaction that may be effected pursuant to the immediately
preceding sentence. 

3.9 Conflicting Provisions. The provisions of this Article 3 shall supersede any provision of
Section 5.18 or 12.1 to the contrary. 

4. 

[RESERVED] 

5. 

GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO LOANS AND LETTERS OF CREDIT 

5.1 Procedure for Borrowing by the Company. 

(a) The Company shall request each Revolving Credit Loan or FILO Credit Loan, as applicable, by submitting such request by ABLSoft (or, if
requested by the Administrative Agent, by delivering, in writing or by an Approved Electronic Communication, a Notice of Borrowing substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto) (each such request a Notice of Borrowing).
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall, subject to Section 2.8, deliver the amount of the Revolving Credit Loan or FILO Credit Loan requested in the Notice of Borrowing for credit to any account of
the Company as the Company may specify at a bank acceptable to the Administrative Agent (provided, that such account must be one identified on Schedule 1C or otherwise reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent as an account to be
used for funding of Loan proceeds) (any such account, a Funding Account) by wire transfer of immediately available funds (i) on the same day if the Notice of Borrowing is received by the Administrative Agent on or
before 10:00 a.m. Central Time on a Business Day or (ii) on the immediately following Business Day if the Notice of Borrowing is received by the Administrative Agent after 10:00 a.m. Central Time on a Business Day or on a day that is not a
Business Day. The Administrative Agent shall charge to the Revolving Credit Loan the Administrative Agents usual and customary fees for the wire transfer of each Loan. 

(b) Promptly following receipt of a Notice of Borrowing of any Revolving Credit Loan in accordance with this Section 5.1, the
Administrative Agent shall advise each Revolving Credit Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Loan to be made as part of the requested borrowing. Each Revolving Credit Lender shall
make each Revolving Credit Loan to be made by such Revolving Credit Lender hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 12:00 p.m., Central Time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently
designated by it for such purpose by 

59 

notice to the Revolving Credit Lenders in an amount equal to such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice
from a Revolving Credit Lender prior to the proposed date of any borrowing that such Revolving Credit Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Revolving Credit Lenders share of such borrowing, the Administrative Agent
may assume that such Revolving Credit Lender has made (or will make) such share available on such date in accordance with this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Company a corresponding amount. In such event, if
a Revolving Credit Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable borrowing available to Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Company severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with
interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Company to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the interest rate applicable to such Revolving Credit Loans. If such
Revolving Credit Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Loan included in such borrowing. 

(c) Promptly following receipt of a Notice of Borrowing of any FILO Credit Loan in accordance with this Section 5.1, the Administrative
Agent shall advise each FILO Credit Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such FILO Credit Lenders FILO Credit Loan to be made as part of the requested borrowing. Each FILO Credit Lender shall make each FILO Credit Loan to be made
by such FILO Credit Lender hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 12:00 p.m., Central Time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to
the FILO Credit Lenders in an amount equal to such FILO Credit Lenders FILO Credit Commitment Percentage. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a FILO Credit Lender prior to the proposed date of any borrowing that
such FILO Credit Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such FILO Credit Lenders share of such borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such FILO Credit Lender has made (or will make) such share available on such
date in accordance with this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Company a corresponding amount. In such event, if a FILO Credit Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable borrowing available to the
Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Company severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made
available to the Company to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the interest rate applicable to such FILO Credit Loans. If such FILO Credit Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall
constitute such FILO Credit Lenders FILO Credit Loan included in such borrowing. 

5.2 Repayment of Loans; Evidence of
Debt. 

(a) The Company hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit
Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Credit Loan of such Lender on the Revolving Credit Termination Date (or such earlier date on which the Revolving Credit Loans become due and payable pursuant to Article 10). The Company
hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each FILO Credit Lender, (i) commencing on the first day of the first full calendar month following the FILO Credit Funding Date, and continuing on the first
day of each calendar month thereafter, 

60 

principal repayments of the FILO Credit Loans in equal monthly principal payments based on a twenty-four (24) month amortization schedule of the aggregate amount of FILO Credit Loans made to
the Company on the FILO Credit Funding Date, and (ii) the then unpaid principal amount of each FILO Credit Loan of such Lender on the FILO Credit Termination Date (or such earlier date on which the FILO Credit Loans become due and payable
pursuant to Article 10). FILO Credit Loans repaid or prepaid may not be re-borrowed. The Company hereby further agrees to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Loans from time to time
outstanding from the date hereof until Payment in Full thereof at the rates per annum, and on the dates, set forth in Section 5.7. 

(b) At all times during a period when a Cash Dominion Event has occurred and is continuing, on each Business Day, the Administrative Agent
shall apply all funds credited to the Collection Account as of 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on such Business Day (whether or not immediately available), first, to prepay any Protective Advances, second, to prepay the
Revolving Credit Loans, third, to the payment of any Revolving L/C Obligations then outstanding, fourth, to Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit, without a corresponding reduction in the Revolving Credit
Commitments, and fifth, to prepay FILO Credit Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any funds credited to the Collection Account constitute Proceeds, the application of such proceeds shall be subject to
Section 5.6(c). 

(c) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing indebtedness
of the Company to such Lender resulting from each Loan of such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time under this Agreement. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall maintain a loan account for the Company reflecting all outstanding Loans and Letters of Credit, along with
interest accrued thereon and such other items reflected therein (the Loan Account), and shall provide the Company with a monthly accounting reflecting the activity in the Loan Account, viewable by the Company on ABLSoft.
Each accounting shall be deemed correct, accurate and binding on the Company and an account stated (except for reverses and reapplications of payments made and corrections of errors discovered by Agent), unless the Company notifies the
Administrative Agent in writing to the contrary within thirty days after such account is rendered, describing the nature of any alleged errors or omissions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agents failure to maintain the Loan
Account or to provide any such accounting shall not affect the legality or binding nature of any of the Obligations. Interest, fees and other monetary Obligations due and owing under this Agreement (including fees and other amounts paid by the
Administrative Agent to the L/C Issuers in respect of Letters of Credit) may, in the Administrative Agents discretion, be charged to the Loan Account, and will thereafter be deemed to be Revolving Credit Loans and will bear interest at the
same rate as other Revolving Credit Loans. 

(e) The entries made in the Loan Account, the Register and the accounts of each Lender
maintained pursuant to Section 5.2(c) shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations of the Company therein recorded; provided, however, that the failure of any
Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain the Loan Account, the Register or any such account, or any error therein, shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Company to repay (with applicable interest) the Loans made to the Company
by such Lender in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

61 

5.3 [RESERVED]. 

5.4 Termination of Commitment Amounts. 

(a) The Company shall have the right, upon not less than three (3) Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate
the Commitments subject to the provisions of this Section 5.4. Any such termination of the Commitments shall be accompanied by prepayment in full of the Loans and Revolving L/C Obligations then outstanding and by Cash Collateralization of any
outstanding Letter of Credit on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent by way of a deposit with the Administrative Agent into the Cash Collateral Account an amount of cash collateral equal to 105% of the aggregate undrawn stated
amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit as security for the Obligations to the extent that such Letters of Credit are not otherwise paid or cash collateralized at such time. Upon termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments, any Letter of
Credit then outstanding which has been so Cash Collateralized shall no longer be considered a Letter of Credit, as defined in Section 1.2 and any L/C Participating Interests heretofore granted by an L/C Issuer to the
Lenders in such Letter of Credit shall be deemed terminated (subject to automatic reinstatement in the event that such cash collateral is returned and the applicable L/C Issuer is not fully reimbursed for any such Revolving L/C Obligations), but the
Letter of Credit fees payable under Section 5.11 shall continue to accrue to the applicable L/C Issuer (or, in the event of any such automatic reinstatement, as provided in Section 5.11) with respect to such Letter of Credit until the
expiry thereof. 

(b) In the case of the termination of the Commitments, interest accrued on the amount of any prepayment relating thereto
and any unpaid Commitment Fee accrued hereunder shall be paid on the date of such termination. 

5.5 Optional Prepayments.
The Company may at any time and from time to time prepay Loans, in whole or in part, upon irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent (i) one (1) Business Day in advance (to be received no later than 3:00 P.M., New York City time, on such
Business Day) in the case of ABR Loans, or (ii) three (3) Business Days in advance (to be received no later than 3:00 P.M., New York City time, on such Business Day) in the case of SOFR Loans. Upon receipt of such notice the Administrative
Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof. If such notice is given, the Company shall make such prepayment, and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable, on the date specified therein. Accrued interest on the amount
of any Loans prepaid pursuant to this Section 5.5 shall be paid on the date of such prepayment. Partial prepayments shall be in an aggregate principal amount equal to the lesser of (A) $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $500,000 in excess
thereof and (B) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the applicable Loans, as the case may be. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, optional prepayments of the FILO Credit Loans may only be made if immediately before and
immediately after giving effect to such prepayment, the Payment Conditions are satisfied. 

62 

5.6 Mandatory Prepayments. 

(a) In the event and on such occasion that the Aggregate Revolving Credit Extensions of Credit exceeds the Line Cap, the Company shall prepay
Revolving Credit Loans (or, if no such Loans are outstanding, deposit cash collateral in an account with the Administrative Agent on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and Cash Collateralize the Revolving L/C Obligations in
an aggregate amount equal to such excess. 

(b) Upon the Revolving Credit Termination Date, the Company shall, with respect to each then
outstanding Letter of Credit, if any, either (i) cause such Letter of Credit to be cancelled without such Letter of Credit being drawn upon or (ii) Cash Collateralize the Revolving L/C Obligations with respect to such Letter of Credit with
a letter of credit issued by banks or a bank satisfactory to the Administrative Agent on terms satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(c) If any Credit Party receives any Proceeds in respect of any Prepayment Event, then the Company shall, within five (5) Business Days
following such Credit Partys receipt of such Proceeds, prepay the Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to the lesser of 100% of such Proceeds and the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans; provided that, if no Cash
Dominion Event is then in existence, then the Company shall, within five (5) Business Days after its receipt of such Proceeds, deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer to the effect that the Credit Parties
intend to apply the Proceeds from such Prepayment Event (or a portion thereof specified in such certificate) within six (6) months after receipt of such Proceeds to acquire equipment, inventory or other tangible assets to be used in the
business of the Credit Parties, and certifying that no Cash Dominion Event has occurred and is continuing, and then either (i) so long as no Cash Dominion Event has occurred or is in effect, no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this
paragraph (c) in respect of the Proceeds specified in such certificate (provided that, any portion of the Proceeds not reinvested pursuant to this paragraph (c) by the 180th day
after receipt of such Proceeds shall be repaid by such 180th day in an aggregate amount equal to the lesser of 100% of such non-reinvested Proceeds and the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans), or (ii) if a Cash Dominion Event has occurred and is continuing and such Proceeds have not been applied to repay the Loans, then the Company shall deposit such Proceeds into the Collection
Account and, thereafter, such funds shall be made available to the applicable Credit Party as follows: 

(A) the Company
shall request that a release (specifying that the request is to use Proceeds pursuant to this Section 5.6(c)) from the Collection Account be made in the amount needed; and 

(B) so long as the conditions set forth in Section 7.3 have been met, the Administrative Agent shall release funds from
the Collection Account. 

All prepayments made under this Section 5.6(c) shall be made without a permanent reduction of the Revolving
Credit Commitment. 

63 

5.7 Interest Rates and Payment Dates. 

(a) Subject to Section 5.17(b), and so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, all Loans shall constitute SOFR
Loans. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at the election of the Administrative Agent or Required Lenders, all Loans shall constitute ABR Loans. 

(b) Each SOFR Loan shall bear interest for the period from and including the date thereof until maturity thereof on the unpaid principal
amount thereof at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin. Each ABR Loan shall bear interest for the period from and including the date thereof until maturity thereof on the unpaid principal amount
thereof at a rate per annum equal to ABR plus the Applicable Margin. 

(c) After the occurrence and during the continuation
of a Specified Event of Default, (i) all Loans (other than FILO Credit Loans) and other monetary Revolving Credit Obligations may, at the option of the Administrative Agent or the discretion of the Required Revolving Lenders, bear interest at a
rate per annum equal to two percent (2.00%) in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto, and all such interest shall be payable on demand, and (ii) all FILO Credit Loans and other monetary FILO Credit Obligations may, at the option of
the FILO Administrative Agent or the discretion of the Required FILO Lenders, bear interest at a rate per annum equal to two percent (2.00%) in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto, all such interest shall be payable on demand. 

(d) Interest shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date; provided that interest accruing pursuant to paragraph
(c) of this Section shall be payable on demand by, as applicable, the Administrative Agent made at the request of the Required Revolving Lenders or the FILO Administrative Agent made at the request of the Required FILO Lenders. 

5.8 Computation of Interest and Fees. 

(a) All interest and fees shall be calculated daily on the outstanding monetary Obligations based on the actual number of days elapsed in a
year of 360 days (or 365 days in the case of ABR Loans). 

(b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent pursuant
to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and the Lenders in the absence of manifest error. The Administrative Agent shall, at the request of the Company, deliver to the Company a statement showing the
quotations used by the Administrative Agent in determining Adjusted Term SOFR or ABR. 

5.9 Commitment Fees. 

(a) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, a commitment fee (a Commitment
Fee), in Dollars, which shall accrue at the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily amount of such Lenders Available Revolving Credit Commitment outstanding from time to time during the period from and including the Funding Date
to but excluding the Revolving Credit Termination Date. 

(b) Commitment Fees shall be fully earned as they accrue and shall be due and
payable, in arrears, on the first day of each month until the Revolving Credit Termination Date. 

64 

5.10 Certain Fees. The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent and
to Eclipse all other fees, in each case, in the amount and payable on such dates as provided in the Fee Letter (as the same may be amended, supplemented, and restated or otherwise modified from time to time). 

5.11 Letter of Credit Fees. 

(a) The Company agrees to pay the Administrative Agent a Letter of Credit fee in Dollars, for the account of the L/C Issuers and the
Participating Lenders, on the daily outstanding amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin for Revolving Credit Loans which are SOFR Loans in effect on such day, whether or not there
are any such SOFR Loans outstanding at such time, payable in arrears. The Letter of Credit fees shall be deemed to be fully earned and payable, in arrears, on the first day of each month until the Revolving Credit Termination Date; provided
that all such fees shall be payable on the Revolving Credit Termination Date and any such fees accruing after the Revolving Credit Termination Date shall be payable on demand. 

(b) In addition, notwithstanding the specification of any inconsistent fronting or other similar fee contained in any L/C Application, the
Company shall pay to each L/C Issuer (solely for its own account as an L/C Issuer of such Letter of Credit and not on account of its L/C Participating Interest therein) with respect to each Letter of Credit, during the period from and including
the Execution Date to the Revolving Credit Termination Date and on the Revolving Credit Termination Date, such L/C Issuers standard documentary, processing, administrative, issuance, fronting, amendment and negotiation fees and out of pocket
expenses only, in connection with Letters of Credit. Any such fees accruing after the Revolving Credit Termination Date shall be payable on demand. Any other fees, costs and expenses payable to an L/C Issuer pursuant to this paragraph shall be
payable within ten (10) days after demand by such L/C Issuer. 

5.12 Letter of Credit Reserves. 

(a) If any Change in Law after the date of this Agreement shall either (i) impose, modify, deem or make applicable any reserve, special
deposit, assessment or similar requirement against letters of credit issued by an L/C Issuer or (ii) impose on an L/C Issuer any other condition regarding this Agreement or any Letter of Credit, and the result of any event referred to in clause
(i) or (ii) above shall be to increase the cost to such L/C Issuer of issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (which increase in cost shall be the result of an L/C Issuers reasonable allocation of the aggregate of such cost increases
resulting from such events), then, upon demand by the applicable L/C Issuer, the Company shall immediately pay to such L/C Issuer, from time to time as specified by such L/C Issuer, additional amounts which shall be sufficient to compensate such L/C
Issuer for such increased cost, together with interest on each such amount from the date demanded until payment in full thereof at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin for SOFR Loans (subject to
Section 5.17(b)). A certificate submitted by an L/C Issuer to the Company concurrently with any such demand by such L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, as to the amount thereof. 

65 

(b) In the event that at any time after the date hereof any Change in Law with respect to an
L/C Issuer shall, in the opinion of such L/C Issuer, require that any obligation under any Letter of Credit be treated as an asset or otherwise be included for purposes of calculating the appropriate amount of capital or liquidity to be maintained
by such L/C Issuer or any corporation controlling such L/C Issuer, and such Change in Law shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such L/C Issuers or such corporations capital, as the case may be, as a consequence of such
L/C Issuers obligations under such Letter of Credit to a level below that which such L/C Issuer or such corporation, as the case may be, could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into account such L/C Issuers or such
corporations policies, as the case may be, with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by such L/C Issuer to be material, then from time to time following notice by the applicable L/C Issuer to the Company of such Change in Law,
within fifteen (15) days after demand by such L/C Issuer, the Company shall pay to such L/C Issuer such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such L/C Issuer or such corporation, as the case may be, for such reduction. If an L/C
Issuer becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this Section 5.12(b), it shall promptly notify the Company of the event by reason of which it has become so entitled. A certificate submitted by an L/C Issuer to the Company
concurrently with any such demand by such L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, as to the amount thereof. 

(c) The
Company agrees that the provisions of the foregoing paragraphs (a) and (b) and the provisions of each L/C Application providing for reimbursement or payment to an L/C Issuer in the event of the imposition or implementation of, or increase in,
any reserve, special deposit, capital adequacy or similar requirement in respect of the Letter of Credit relating thereto shall apply equally to each Participating Lender in respect of its L/C Participating Interest in such Letter of Credit, as if
the references in such paragraphs and provisions referred to, where applicable, such Participating Lender or any corporation controlling such Participating Lender. 

5.13 Further Assurances. The Company hereby agrees, from time to time, to do and perform any and all acts and to execute any and
all further instruments reasonably requested by an L/C Issuer to effect more fully the purposes of this Agreement and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. The Company further agrees to execute any and all instruments reasonably requested by
an L/C Issuer in connection with the obtaining and/or maintaining of any insurance coverage applicable to any Letters of Credit. 

5.14
Obligations Absolute. The payment obligations of the Company under this Agreement with respect to the Letters of Credit shall be unconditional and irrevocable and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under
all circumstances, including, without limitation, the following circumstances: 

(a) the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may have at any time against any beneficiary, or any transferee, of any Letter of Credit (or any Persons for whom any such beneficiary or
any such transferee may be acting), any L/C Issuer, any Agent or any Lender, or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the Related Documents, any Credit Documents, the transactions contemplated herein, or any unrelated
transaction; 

(b) any statement or any other document presented under any Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or
insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; 

66 

(c) payment by an L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or
certificate which does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, except where such payment constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such L/C Issuer; or 

(d) any other circumstances or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, except for any such circumstances or
happening constituting gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an L/C Issuer. 

5.15 Assignments. No
Participating Lenders participation in any Letter of Credit or any of its rights or duties hereunder shall be subdivided, assigned or transferred (other than in connection with a transfer of part or all of such Participating Lenders
Revolving Credit Commitment in accordance with Section 12.6) without the prior written consent of the applicable L/C Issuer, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. Such consent may be given or withheld without the consent or agreement
of any other Participating Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participating Lender may subparticipate its L/C Participating Interest without obtaining the prior written consent of the applicable L/C Issuer. 

5.16 Participations. Each Revolving Credit Lenders obligation to purchase participating interests pursuant to Sections 2.4
and 2.8 shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including, without limitation, (i) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such
Revolving Credit Lender may have against an L/C Issuer, the Company, or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (ii) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or an Event of Default; (iii) any adverse change in the condition
(financial or otherwise) of the Company; (iv) any breach of this Agreement by the Company or any other Lender; or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 

5.17 Inability to Determine Interest Rate for SOFR Loans; Benchmark Replacement. 

(a) Inadequate of Unfair Basis. Subject to clause (b) of this Section 5.17, if the Administrative Agent or any Lender
reasonably determines (which determination shall be binding and conclusive on the Company) that, by reason of circumstances affecting the interbank market or otherwise, adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable
Adjusted Term SOFR, then the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall promptly notify the Company (and the Administrative Agent, if applicable) thereof and, so long as such circumstances shall continue, (i) the Administrative Agent and/or such
Lender shall be under no obligation to make any SOFR Loans and (ii) on the last day of the current calendar month, each SOFR Loan shall, unless then paid in full, automatically convert to an ABR Loan. 

(b) Benchmark Replacement.

(i) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, upon the
occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will
become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth 

67 

(5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Company so long as the
Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 5.17(b) will
occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 

(ii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In
connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any
other Credit Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document. 

(iii) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and
the Lenders of (1) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (2) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative
Agent will promptly notify the Company of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 5.17(b)(iv) and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or
election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 5.17(b), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole
discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 5.17(b). 

(iv) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit
Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (1) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (I) any tenor for such Benchmark is not
displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (II) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of
Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Term SOFR (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove
such unavailable, non-representative,non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (2) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to
clause (1) above either (I) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (II) is 

68 

not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions
(IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Term SOFR (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at
or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(v) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the
Companys receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, (1) the Company may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during
any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Company will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans and (2) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have
been converted to ABR Loans at the end of the applicable calendar month. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an available tenor, the component of the ABR based upon the
then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the ABR. 

(c) No
Requirement of Matched Funding.Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, neither the Administrative Agent, nor any Lender, nor any of their Participants, is required actually to match fund any Obligation as to which
interest accrues at Adjusted Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Reference Rate. 

(d) Term SOFR Conforming Changes. In connection with the
use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, any amendments implementing such
Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any
Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 

5.18 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments. 

(a) Each borrowing of any Loans by the Company from the Lenders, each payment by the Company on account of any fee hereunder (other than as
set forth in Sections 5.10 and 5.11) and any reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments or FILO Credit Commitments of the Lenders hereunder shall be made pro-rata according to the Commitment Percentages of
the Lenders. Each payment (including each prepayment) by the Company on account of principal of and interest on the Loans (other than as set forth in Sections 5.6, 5.19 and 5.20) shall be made pro-rata
according to the Commitment Percentages of the Lenders. All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Company on account of principal, interest and fees shall be made without set-off or counterclaim
and shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, at the Administrative Agents office located at 333 W. Wacker, Suite 950, Chicago, Illinois 60606 in Same Day Funds. The Administrative Agent shall promptly
distribute such payments ratably to each Lender in like funds as received to the extent required by this Agreement. If any payment hereunder becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next
succeeding Business Day and, with respect to payments of principal, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars. 

69 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Lender prior
to a Borrowing Date (or with respect to an ABR Loan, on the Borrowing Date) that such Lender will not make the amount which would constitute its Commitment Percentage of the borrowing on such date available to the Administrative Agent, the
Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such Borrowing Date in accordance with Section 5.1, and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make
available to the Company a corresponding amount. If such amount is made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender on a date after such Borrowing Date, such Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent on demand an amount equal to the
product of (i) the daily average NYFRB Rate during such period as quoted by the Administrative Agent, times (ii) the amount of such Lenders Commitment Percentage of such borrowing, times (iii) a fraction the numerator of which
is the number of days that elapse from and including such Borrowing Date to the date on which such Lenders Commitment Percentage of such borrowing shall have become immediately available to the Administrative Agent and the denominator of which
is 360. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Lender with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 5.18(b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. If such Lenders Commitment Percentage of such borrowing is
not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender within three (3) Business Days of such Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such amount with interest thereon at the rate per annum
applicable to ABR Loans hereunder on demand, from the Company without prejudice to any rights which the Company or the Administrative Agent may have against such Lender hereunder. Nothing contained in this Section 5.18(b) shall relieve any
Lender which has failed to make available its ratable portion of any borrowing hereunder from its obligation to do so in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(c) The failure of any Lender to make the Loan to be made by it on any Borrowing Date shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if
any, hereunder to make its Loan on such Borrowing Date, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Loan to be made by such other Lender on such Borrowing Date. 

(d) Any proceeds of Collateral received by any Collateral Agent (i) not constituting either (A) a specific payment of principal,
interest, fees or other sum payable under the Credit Documents (which shall be applied as specified by the Company), (B) a mandatory prepayment (which shall be applied in accordance with Section 5.6) or (C) amounts to be applied from the
Collection Account when a Cash Dominion Event has occurred and is continuing (which shall be applied in accordance with Section 5.2(b)) and (ii) after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, whenever the Administrative Agent so
elects or the Required Lenders so direct, shall be applied ratably as follows: 

first, to pay any fees,
indemnities, or expense reimbursements including amounts then due to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers from the Company, 

70 

second, to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements
then due to the Revolving Credit Lenders from the Company, 

third, to pay interest due in respect of the
Protective Advances, 

fourth, to pay the principal of the Protective Advances, 

fifth, to pay interest then due and payable on the Revolving Credit Loans (other than Protective Advances)
ratably, 

sixth, to prepay principal on the Revolving Credit Loans (other than Protective Advances), and
unreimbursed L/C Disbursements, 

seventh, to pay an amount to the Administrative Agent equal to one hundred
five percent (105%) of the amounts available to be drawn under outstanding Letters of Credit, to be held as cash collateral for Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit, 

eighth, to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due to the FILO Credit Lenders from the
Company, 

ninth, to pay interest then due and payable on the FILO Credit Loans ratably, 

tenth, to prepay principal on the FILO Credit Loans, 

eleventh, to pay all other Revolving Credit Obligations, ratably among the Persons to whom such other Revolving
Credit Obligations are owed in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause eleventh held by them, 

twelfth, to pay all other FILO Credit Obligations, ratably among the Persons to whom such other FILO Credit
Obligations are owed in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause twelfth held by them, and 

thirteenth, to the payment of any other Obligation due to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the
FILO Administrative Agent or any Lender by the Company. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts received from any Credit Party shall not be
applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation (as such term is defined in the Guaranty) of such Credit Party. 

(e) For purposes of determining
the Borrowing Base, amounts received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Sections 5.2(b) and 5.18 or otherwise will be credited to the Loan Account and, during a Cash Dominion Event, reduce the gross amount of Eligible Accounts in the Borrowing
Base in each case upon the Administrative Agents receipt of an advice from the Administrative Agents bank that such items have been credited to the Administrative Agents account at the Administrative Agents bank (or upon the
Administrative Agents deposit thereof at the Administrative Agents bank in the case of payments received by the Administrative Agent in kind), in each case subject to final payment and collection. However, for purposes of computing
interest on the Obligations, such items shall be deemed applied by the Administrative Agent two (2) Business Days after the Administrative Agents receipt of advice of deposit thereof at the Administrative Agents bank. 

71 

5.19 Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provisions herein, if any
Requirement of Law or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof occurring after the Execution Date shall make it unlawful for such Lender to make or maintain SOFR Loans as contemplated by this Agreement, the commitment of
such Lender hereunder to make SOFR Loans shall forthwith be cancelled and such Lenders Loans then outstanding as SOFR Loans, if any, shall, if required by law and if such Lender so requests, be converted automatically to ABR Loans on the date
specified by such Lender in such request. To the extent that such affected SOFR Loans are converted into ABR Loans, all payments of principal which would otherwise be applied to such SOFR Loans shall be applied instead to such Lenders ABR
Loans. The Company hereby agrees promptly to pay any Lender, upon its demand, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Lender for any costs incurred by such Lender in making any conversion in accordance with this Section 5.19
including, but not limited to, any interest or fees payable by such Lender to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to make or maintain its SOFR Loans hereunder (such Lenders notice of such costs, as certified to the Company through the
Administrative Agent, to be conclusive absent manifest error). 

5.20 Requirements of Law. 

(a) In the event that, at any time after the date hereof, any Change in Law or compliance by any Lender with any request or directive (whether
or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority: 

(i) does or shall subject any Agent
or Lender (or its Lending Office) to any fee of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement, any Note or any SOFR Loans made by it, or change the basis of imposition of any such fee; 

(ii) does or shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge, liquidity
or similar requirement against assets held by, or deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, advances or loans by, or other credit extended by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of such Lender which are not otherwise
included in the determination of the Term SOFR Reference Rate; 

(iii) does or shall impose on such Lender any other
condition, cost or expense; 

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender of making, continuing, converting, renewing or
maintaining advances or extensions of credit or to reduce any amount receivable hereunder, in each case, in respect of its SOFR Loans, then, in any such case, the Company, shall promptly pay such Lender, on demand, any additional amounts necessary
to compensate such Lender for such additional cost or reduced amount receivable as determined by such Lender with respect to such SOFR Loans together with interest on each such amount from the date demanded until payment in full thereof at a rate
per annum equal to the ABR plus the Applicable Margin for Revolving Credit Loans which are ABR Loans. 

72 

(b) In the event that at any time after the date hereof any Change in Law with respect to
any Lender shall, in the opinion of such Lender, require that any Commitment of such Lender be treated as an asset or otherwise be included for purposes of calculating the appropriate amount of capital or liquidity to be maintained by such Lender or
any corporation controlling such Lender, and such Change in Law shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or such corporations capital or liquidity, as the case may be, as a consequence of such Lenders
obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Lender or such corporation, as the case may be, could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into account such Lenders or such corporations policies, as the case may be,
with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time following notice by such Lender to the Company of such Change in Law as provided in paragraph (c) of this Section 5.20, within fifteen (15) days after demand by
such Lender, the Company shall pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such corporation, as the case may be, for such reduction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender shall be entitled to seek
compensation under this Section 5.20(b) based on the occurrence of a Change in Law unless such Lender is generally seeking compensation from other borrowers in the United States loan market with respect to its similarly affected commitments,
loans and/or participations under agreements with such borrowers having provisions similar to this Section 5.20(b). 

(c) If any
Lender becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this Section 5.20, it shall promptly notify the Company through the Administrative Agent, of the event by reason of which it has become so entitled. The Company shall not be
required to make any payments to any Lender for any additional amounts pursuant to this Section 5.20 unless such Lender has given written notice to the Company, through the Administrative Agent, of its intent to request such payments prior to
or within one hundred and eighty (180) days after the date on which such Lender became entitled to claim such amounts. If any Lender has notified the Company through the Administrative Agent of any increased costs pursuant to paragraph
(a) of this Section 5.20, the Company at any time thereafter may, upon at least two (2) Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders thereof), prepay or convert into ABR Loans all
(but not a part) of the SOFR Loans then outstanding. Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of paragraph (a) of this Section 5.20 with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the
Company, and to the extent permitted by law or by the relevant Governmental Authority, endeavor in good faith to avoid or minimize the increase in costs or reduction in payments resulting from such event (including, without limitation, endeavoring
to change its Lending Office); provided, however, that such avoidance or minimization can be made in such a manner that such Lender, in its sole determination, suffers no economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage. If any Lender has notified
the Company, through the Administrative Agent, of any increased costs pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 5.20, the Company at any time thereafter may, upon at least three (3) Business Days notice to the Administrative
Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lender thereof) and terminate the Revolving Credit Commitments in accordance with Section 5.4. 

(d) A certificate submitted by such Lender, through the Administrative Agent, to the Company shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest
error. The covenants contained in this Section 5.20 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and repayment of the outstanding Loans. 

73 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Section 5.20 shall not apply
to any Taxes, which shall be governed solely by Section 5.23. 

5.21 [RESERVED]. 

5.22 Replacement of Lenders. In the event any Lender (i) is a Defaulting Lender, (ii) exercises its rights pursuant to
Section 5.19 or (iii) requests payments pursuant to Sections 5.20 or 5.23, the Company may require, at the Companys expense, such Lender or an L/C Issuer to assign, at par plus accrued interest and fees, without recourse (in
accordance with Section 12.6) all of its interests, rights and obligations hereunder (including all of its Commitments and the Loans and other amounts at the time owing to it hereunder and its interest in the Letters of Credit) to a bank,
financial institution or other entity specified by the Company; provided that (i) such assignment shall not conflict with or violate any law, rule or regulation or order of any court or other Governmental Authority, (ii) the Company
shall have received the written consent of the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of an assignment of a Revolving Credit Commitment, and of any applicable L/C Issuer), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, to such assignment,
(iii) the Company shall have paid to the assigning Lender all monies other than principal owing hereunder to it and (iv) in the case of a required assignment by an L/C Issuer, the Letters of Credit shall be canceled and returned to the
applicable L/C Issuer. 

5.23 Taxes. 

(a) Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 5.23, the term applicable Law includes FATCA, the term
Lender includes any L/C Issuer, and the term Withholding Agent means the Company and the Administrative Agent. 

(b) Payments Free of Taxes.Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Company under any Credit Document
shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any
Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in
accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Company shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings
applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(c) Payment of Other Taxes by the Company. The Company shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with
applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

74 

(d) Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall indemnify the Administrative
Agent, or any Lender, within twenty (20) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes arising from any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Company under any Credit Document (including
Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or are required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Person and any
reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability
delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(e) Indemnification by the Lenders.Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within twenty (20) days
after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Company has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the
Company to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 12.6(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender,
in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Credit Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted
by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent
to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Credit Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this
paragraph (e). 

(f) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes pursuant to this Section 5.23
by the Company to a Governmental Authority, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such
payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(g) Status of Lenders. 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any
Credit Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company
or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other
documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or
information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 5.23(g)(ii)(A),
(ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or
commercial position of such Lender. 

75 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which
such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such
Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally
entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to
time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent, but only if the Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party
(x) with respect to payments of interest under any Credit Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E
establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Credit Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business
profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(II) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption
for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning
of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of
the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or 

76 

(IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed
copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-2 or Exhibit J-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are
claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative
Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the
Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be
prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Credit Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA
if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative
Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the
Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender
has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this sub-clause (D), FATCA shall
include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

(iii) The Administrative Agent shall deliver to the
Company on or prior to the date on which it becomes the Administrative Agent under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company) an executed copy of IRS Form W-9
certifying that the Administrative Agent is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax. 

Each Lender and the Administrative Agent
agree that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal
inability to do so. 

77 

(h) Lending Office. Any Lender claiming additional amounts payable pursuant to this
Section 5.23 agrees to use reasonable efforts (consistent with its internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to change the jurisdiction of its Lending Office if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, the making of such change
(i) would eliminate or reduce any such additional amounts payable to such Lender in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed
out-of-pocket cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. 

(i) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a
refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 5.23 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to Section 5.23(b)), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but
only to the extent of indemnity payments made or additional amounts paid under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all
out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect
to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (i) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the
relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (i), in no event will the indemnified party be
required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (i) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified
party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid.
This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(j) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 5.23 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the
Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Credit Document. 

5.24 Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting
Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 

(a) Commitment Fees shall cease to
accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 5.9; 

(b) Such Defaulting Lender shall
not have the right to vote on any issue on which voting is required (other than the matters provided in Section 12.1(i) requiring the consent of such affected Lender), and the Revolving Credit Commitments and the Revolving Credit Commitment
Percentages in outstanding Revolving Credit Loans of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other
modification pursuant to Section 12.1); provided, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 12.1, this paragraph (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other
modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or of each Lender affected thereby; 

78 

(c) if any amount outstanding in respect of Letters of Credit exists at the time such Lender
becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 

(i) all or any part of the Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of such Defaulting
Lender in Letters of Credit shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages but only to the extent that (x) the sum of all
non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages in Revolving Credit Loans and in Letters of Credit plus such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage in Letters of
Credit does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments, (y) the conditions set forth in Section 7.3 are satisfied at such time (and, unless the Company shall have otherwise
notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Company shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time) and (z) to the extent such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Loans, its Protective Advances and its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages in Letters of
Credit to exceed its Revolving Credit Commitment; 

(ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or
can only partially, be effected, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent Cash Collateralize, for the benefit of the L/C Issuers, the Companys obligations corresponding to such Defaulting
Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage in Letters of Credit (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 10.1 for so long as such
Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage in Letters of Credit is outstanding; 

(iii) if the Company
Cash Collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lenders Revolving L/C Obligations pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Company shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 5.11 with respect to
such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage in Letters of Credit during the period such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage in Letters of Credit is Cash Collateralized; 

(iv) if the Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage in Letters of Credit of the
non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.9 and Section 5.11 shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages; 

(v) if all or any
portion of such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage in Letters of Credit is neither reallocated nor Cash Collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the
L/C Issuers or any other Lender hereunder, all Commitment Fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such 

79 

Defaulting Lenders Commitment that was utilized by such Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage in Letters of Credit) and Letter of Credit fees payable under Section 5.11 with respect
to such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage in Letters of Credit shall be payable to the applicable L/C Issuer until and to the extent that such Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage in Letters of Credit is reallocated
and/or Cash Collateralized; and 

(d) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no L/C Issuer shall be required to issue, amend or
increase any applicable Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage in then outstanding Letters of Credit will be 100% covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Company in accordance with Section 5.24(c), and participating interests in any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated
among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 5.24(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 

If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or Bail-In Action with respect to the parent of any Lender shall occur
following the Execution Date and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) any applicable L/C Issuer has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such
Lender commits to extend credit, no L/C Issuer shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the applicable L/C Issuer shall have entered into arrangements with the Company or such Lender, satisfactory to such L/C Issuer
to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 

In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Company and each
applicable L/C Issuer each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the L/C Participating Interest of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such
Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in
accordance with its Revolving Credit Commitments. 

5.25 Cash Dominion. At all times subject to the following sentence, all
Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts and Commodities Accounts (other than any Excluded Account for so long as such account is an Excluded Account) of the Credit Parties shall be Controlled Accounts. The Credit Parties will, in connection with any
Deposit Account, Securities Account or Commodity Account (other than any Excluded Account for so long as such account is an Excluded Account), enter into and deliver to the Collateral Agent a Control Agreement and/or lockbox agreement, in each case
in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, on the following dates (or, in each case, such later date as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion): (i) with respect to any such account established or in place as
of the Funding Date, the date that is sixty (60) days after the Funding Date or (ii) with respect to any such account established after the Funding Date, promptly but in any event within thirty (30) days of the date such account is
established. Each Credit Party shall be subject to cash dominion at all times a Cash Dominion Event has occurred and is continuing. At any time that a Cash Dominion Event has occurred and is continuing, cash on hand and collections which are
received into any Controlled Account, and, to the extent necessary, any securities held in any Securities Account 

80 

shall be liquidated and the cash proceeds thereof, shall be swept on a daily basis into the Collection Account and used to prepay Loans outstanding under this Agreement in accordance with
Section 5.2(b). During any time that a Cash Dominion Event has occurred and is continuing, all proceeds of any Loan shall be deposited into a Deposit Account that is a Controlled Account. 

6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

In
order to induce the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans and to induce the L/C Issuers to issue, and the Participating Lenders to participate in, the Letters of Credit, the Company hereby represents and warrants to each Lender
and each Agent, on and as of the Execution Date and on the Funding Date and on the date of each Loan made or Letter of Credit issued thereafter, that: 

6.1 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law. Each Credit Party and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) is a limited
liability company, partnership or corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, (ii) has the power and authority and the legal right to own and operate its property,
to lease the property it operates and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, except to the extent that the failure to have such power, authority, or rights could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
(iii) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure
to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iv) is in compliance with all applicable Requirements of Law (including, without limitation, occupational safety and health, health care, pension,
certificate of need, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, any so-called Superfund or Superlien law, or any applicable federal, state, local or other
statute, law, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, order or decree regulating, relating to, or imposing liability or legally enforceable standards of conduct concerning, any Materials of Environmental Concern and the Patriot Act), except to the extent
that the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.2 Corporate Power; Authorization. Each Credit Party has the power and authority and the legal right to make, deliver and
perform the Credit Documents to which it is a party; the Company has the power and authority and legal right to borrow hereunder and to have Letters of Credit issued for its account hereunder. Each Credit Party has taken all necessary corporate,
stockholder, partnership or limited liability company action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Credit Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Company, to authorize the borrowings hereunder and the issuance
of Letters of Credit for its account hereunder. No consent or authorization of, or filing with, any Person (including, without limitation, any Governmental Authority) is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by any
Credit Party, or the validity or enforceability against any Credit Party, of any Credit Document to the extent that it is a party thereto, other than any such consent or authorization which has been obtained or filing which has been made to the
extent required hereunder, or the failure of which to obtain could have a Material Adverse Effect. 

81 

6.3 Enforceable Obligations. Each of the Credit Documents has been duly
executed and delivered on behalf of each Credit Party party thereto and each of such Credit Documents constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Credit Party, enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is
sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

6.4 No Conflict with Law or Contractual Obligations. The performance of each
Credit Document, and the use of the proceeds of the Loans and of drawings under the Letters of Credit will not violate any Requirement of Law or any material Contractual Obligation (including under such Credit Partys organizational documents)
applicable to or binding upon any Credit Party, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its properties or assets, and will not result in the creation or imposition of (or the obligation to create or impose) any Lien (other than any Liens created pursuant
to the Credit Documents) on any of its or their respective properties or assets pursuant to any Requirement of Law applicable to it or them, as the case may be, or any of its or their Contractual Obligations, except, in the case of any Contractual
Obligations, for any such violations which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.5 No Material
Litigation. No litigation or investigation or proceeding of or by any Governmental Authority or any other Person is pending or has been overtly threatened against any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (i) with respect to the
validity, binding effect or enforceability of any Credit Document, or with respect to the Loans made hereunder, the use of proceeds thereof or of any drawings under a Letter of Credit, and the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or
(ii) which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.6 Borrowing Base Calculation. At
the time of delivery of each Borrowing Base Calculation, assuming that any eligibility criteria that requires the approval or satisfaction of the Administrative Agent has been approved by or is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, each Account
reflected therein as eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base or the FILO Borrowing Base is an Eligible Account or Eligible Unbilled Account and the Inventory reflected therein as eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base constitutes Eligible
Inventory. 

6.7 Investment Company Act. No Credit Party is required to register as an investment company (as
such term is defined or used in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended). 

6.8 Federal Reserve Regulations. No part
of the proceeds of any of the Loans or any drawing under a Letter of Credit will be used to purchase or carry margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board or for any other purpose which violates,
or which would be inconsistent with, the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged or will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending
credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock within the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under said Regulation U. 

82 

6.9 No Default. Neither the Company nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is
in default in the payment or performance of any of its or their Contractual Obligations in any respect which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is in default
under any order, award or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator binding upon or affecting it or them or by which any of its or their properties or assets may be bound or affected in any respect which could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect, and no such order, award or decree could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the ability of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole to carry on their businesses as presently conducted
or the ability of any Credit Party to perform its obligations under any Credit Document to which it is a party. 

6.10 Taxes.
Each of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed or has timely requested an extension to file or has received an approved extension to file all Federal and all other material tax returns which are required to have
been filed, and has paid all material Taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or extension requests or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other material Taxes imposed on it or any of its property by any
Governmental Authority (other than those the amount or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided in the books of the Company
or its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be); and no claims are being asserted in writing with respect to any such material Taxes (other than those the amount or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided in the books of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be). 

6.11 Subsidiaries. The Subsidiaries of the Company listed on Schedule 6.11 constitute all of the Domestic Subsidiaries of the
Company as of the Execution Date. 

6.12 Ownership of Property; Liens. Except as set forth in Schedule 6.12, the Company and
each of its Restricted Subsidiaries has valid and subsisting Leasehold interests in all its respective material Real Property, and good title to or valid and subsisting Leasehold interests in all of its respective material other property, except, in
each case, as such failure to have good and valid title or valid and subsisting Leasehold interests could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and none of such property is subject, except as permitted hereunder, to any Lien
(including, without limitation, and subject to Section 9.3, Federal, state and other Tax liens). 

6.13 ERISA. No ERISA
Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The present value
of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Accounting Standards Codification 715-30-35-1A) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Plans, in each case by an
amount that, if required to be paid by the Company and its Subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

83 

6.14 Environmental Matters. 

(a) The Properties do not contain any Materials of Environmental Concern in concentrations which constitute a violation of, or could
reasonably be expected to give rise to liability under, Environmental Laws that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) The Properties and all operations at the Properties are in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws, except for failure to be in
compliance that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there is no contamination at, under or about the Properties that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Neither the Company nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has received any notice of violation, alleged violation, non-compliance, liability or potential liability regarding environmental matters or compliance with Environmental Laws with regard to the Properties that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, nor does the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary have knowledge that any such action is being contemplated, considered or threatened. 

(d) There are no judicial proceedings or governmental or administrative actions pending or threatened under any Environmental Law to which the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary is or will be named as a party with respect to the Properties that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor are there any consent decrees or other decrees, consent orders,
administrative orders or other orders under any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.15 Accuracy and Completeness of Financial Statements. 

(a) (i) The audited balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2023 and the related audited consolidated statements of earnings (loss), parent company equity and cash flows for each of the two (2) years in the period ended December 31, 2023, reported on by Deloitte & Touche
LLP, and (ii) the draft audited balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and the related draft audited consolidated statements of earnings (loss), parent company
equity and cash flows for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, in each case, present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and their results of operations and cash flows, for each
applicable period then ended, in conformity with GAAP, it being understood that such draft financial statements remain subject to review by the Company and its auditor and are subject to change. 

(b) The projections delivered pursuant to Section 7.1(b) were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein,
which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts, and represented, at the time of delivery, the Companys estimate of its future financial condition and performance. 

6.16 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. Except for the Loans, if any, incurred on the Funding Date, neither the Company nor any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries has or is subject to any liabilities (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise), except liabilities or obligations which could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to constitute a Material
Adverse Effect. 

84 

6.17 No Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2023, there has not been any
event, occurrence, fact, condition, change, development or effect which individually or in the aggregate has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.18 Solvency. The Company is, individually and together with its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, (a) on the
Execution Date and (b) immediately before and immediately after giving effect to any Extension of Credit to be made on and following the Funding Date, Solvent. No Credit Party intends to, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, nor does
it believe that it or any of its Subsidiaries has or will, incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature, taking into account the timing of and amounts of cash to be received by it or any such Subsidiary and the timing of the
amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its Indebtedness or the Indebtedness of any such Subsidiary. 

6.19
Intellectual Property. The Company and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses and other
intellectual property rights that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, without conflict with the rights of any other Person. To the best knowledge of the Company, no slogan or other advertising device, product,
process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries infringes upon any rights held by any other Person. No claim or litigation regarding any of the
foregoing is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.20 Creation and Perfection of Security Interests. 

(a) Article 9 Collateral. The Pledge and Security Agreement is effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the ratable
benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral described therein to secure the Obligations, and the Pledge and Security Agreement constitutes a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in,
all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in such of the Collateral in which a security interest can be perfected under Article 9 of the UCC to secure the Obligations, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person,
other than with respect to Permitted Liens. 

(b) Intellectual Property. The Pledge and Security Agreement, together with an
intellectual property security agreement, in form and substance reasonably agreed by the Company and the Administrative Agent will, when filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office, constitute a
fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in the United States patents, trademarks, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights covered in such intellectual property
security agreement to secure the Obligations, in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person (it being understood that subsequent recordings in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office may be
necessary to perfect a lien on registered trademarks, trademark applications and copyrights acquired by the Credit Parties after the Execution Date). 

85 

(c) Status of Liens. Each Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured
Parties, will at all times have the Liens provided for in the Collateral Documents and, subject to the filing by the Collateral Agent of continuation statements to the extent required by the UCC or such other continuation statements or filings
required by applicable Laws of the relevant applicable jurisdiction, the Collateral Documents (subject to and in accordance with their respective provisions) will at all times constitute valid and continuing liens of record and first priority
perfected security interests in all the Collateral referred to therein to secure the Obligations, except as priority may be affected by Permitted Liens. As of the Funding Date, no filings or recordings are required in order to perfect the security
interests created under the Collateral Documents, except for filings or recordings listed on Schedule IV to the Pledge and Security Agreement, all of which listed filings and recordings have been made. 

6.21 Accuracy and Completeness of Disclosure. The Company has disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all
agreements, instruments and corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other restrictions to which it or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to the
Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Credit Document (in each case as modified or supplemented by other information
so furnished), taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided
that, with respect to projected financial information, the Company represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. 

6.22 Insurance. Schedule 6.22 sets forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Credit Parties and
their Subsidiaries as of the Execution Date. As of the Execution Date, all premiums in respect of such insurance have been paid. The Company maintains, and has caused each Subsidiary to maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance
companies, insurance on all their real and personal property in such amounts, subject to such deductibles and self-insurance retentions and covering such properties and risks as are adequate and customarily maintained by companies engaged in the
same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 

6.23 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. Each Credit
Party has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by each Credit Party, their Subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions, and
each Credit Party, their Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees and, to the knowledge of each Credit Party, its respective agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. None of (a) each Credit
Party, any Subsidiary, or, to the knowledge of each Credit Party, any of their respective officers, employees or directors, or (b) to the knowledge of each Credit Party, any agent of such Credit Party or any

86 

Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the Facilities established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person, has its assets in a Sanctioned Country, or carries out
transactions or conducts any of its business with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country in a manner that breaches applicable Sanctions. No Loan, use of the proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate any
Anti-Corruption Laws or Sanctions. 

6.24 Patriot Act. Each Credit Party is in compliance, in all material respects, with the
Uniting And Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA Patriot Act of 2001) (the Patriot Act). 

6.25 Burdensome Restrictions. No Credit Party is subject to any Burdensome Restrictions except Burdensome Restrictions permitted
under Section 9.14. 

6.26 Labor Matters. As of the Execution Date, there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against
any Credit Party or any Subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, threatened. The hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries have not been in violation, in any material respect, of
the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Federal, state, local or foreign law dealing with such matters. All payments due from any Credit Party or any Subsidiary, or for which any claim may be made against any Credit Party or any
Subsidiary, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of such Credit Party or such Subsidiary. 

6.27 Qualified Eligible Contract Participant. As of the date of this Agreement, each Credit Party is a Qualified ECP Guarantor.

6.28 Affected Financial Institutions. No Credit Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 

7. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

7.1
Conditions to Execution Date. This Agreement shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 12.1): 

(a) Deliverables. The Administrative Agents receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals, telecopies or .pdf or
similar electronic transmission (to be followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Credit Party, if applicable, each dated the Execution Date (or, in the case of
certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Execution Date) and each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 

(i) This Agreement. Executed counterparts of this Agreement signed by the Lenders, the Company, the Collateral Agent and
the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or electronic transmission (including .pdf file) of a signed signature page of this Agreement) or written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that each such party has
signed a counterpart signature page of this Agreement. 

87 

(ii) Organization Documents. To the extent not previously delivered
to the Administrative Agent, true and correct copies of the Organization Documents of the Company, certified as to authenticity by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company. 

(iii) Secretarys Certificate. A secretarys certificate in the form attached as Exhibit B-1 executed and delivered by a Responsible Officer or secretary of the Company, certifying the Companys (A) officers incumbency appended thereto, (B) authorizing
resolutions or consents appended thereto and (C) Organization Documents, with the applicable insertions and attachments being satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent. 

(iv) Corporate Documents. Copies of certificates from the Secretary of State or other appropriate authority of such
jurisdiction, evidencing good standing of the Company in its jurisdiction of incorporation and in each state where the ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of business requires it to qualify as a foreign corporation except where
the failure to so qualify could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Financial Projections. The
Administrative Agent shall have received monthly projections for the Company for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025 and annual projections for each fiscal year thereafter, through and including the fiscal year ending December 31,
2028. 

(c) Regulatory Authority Information. The Company and each Subsidiary shall have provided the documentation and other
information to the Lenders that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), in each case no later than five (5) days prior to the Execution Date to the extent reasonably requested by the Lenders at least ten (10) Business Days in
advance of the Execution Date. 

(d) Field Examination. The Administrative Agent or its designee shall have conducted a field
examination of the Company and its Subsidiaries, the results of which shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(e)
Appraisal. The Administrative Agent shall have received an appraisal of the Credit Parties Inventory from one or more firms acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which appraisal shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The
firms and appraisers providing documentation related to paragraphs (e) and (f) of this Section 7.1 shall have no direct or indirect interest, financial or otherwise, in the property subject to such review or the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

(f) Consents. All governmental and third party approvals necessary in connection with the entry into of this Agreement
(including shareholder approvals, if any) shall have been obtained on reasonably satisfactory terms and shall be in full force and effect. 

88 

(g) Due Diligence. The Administrative Agent shall have received results satisfactory
to it of business and legal due diligence investigation. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall have received and be satisfied with the financial statements referred to in Section 6.15(a). 

(h) Corporate Structure. The corporate structure, capital structure, other material debt instruments, material accounts and
governing documents of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be acceptable to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

(i)
Regulatory Matters. All legal and regulatory matters shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, including but not limited to compliance with all applicable requirements of Regulations U, T and X of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 

(j) Purchase Agreement; Intercreditor Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have
received a fully-executed copy of the Purchase Agreement and the other Notes Documents executed on the Execution Date, and the Administrative Agent shall have received an execution copy of the Intercreditor Agreement substantially in the form
attached as Exhibit L. 

(k) Additional Matters. All other documents and legal matters in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. Any information submitted to any of the Lenders by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
affiliates shall be accurate and complete in all material respects. 

(l) Execution Date.The Execution Date shall have
occurred on or before March 7, 2025. 

7.2 Conditions to Funding Date. The obligation of each Lender to make its
extensions of credit and for the L/C Issuers to issue any Letters of Credit, in each case to be made hereunder on the Funding Date shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in
accordance with Section 12.1): 

(a) Deliverables. The Administrative Agents receipt of the following, each of which
shall be originals, telecopies or .pdf or similar electronic transmission (to be followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Credit Party, if applicable, and each in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and, in the case of clause (i), clause (vii), clause (viii) with respect only to the Pledge and Security Agreement, and clause (x), the Required Lenders: 

(i) Guaranty and Credit Party Accession Agreement: Executed counterparts of (A) a Credit Party Accession
Agreement signed by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors and (B) the Guaranty signed by the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent. 

(ii) Organization Documents. To the extent not previously delivered to the Administrative Agent, true and correct copies
of the Organization Documents of each Credit Party, certified as to authenticity by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each such Credit Party. 

89 

(iii) Secretarys Certificate. A secretarys
certificate in the form attached as Exhibit B-1 executed and delivered by each Credit Party, certifying such Persons (A) officers incumbency appended thereto, (B) authorizing
resolutions or consents appended thereto and (C) Organization Documents, with the applicable insertions and attachments being satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent. 

(iv) Responsible Officers Closing Certificate. A certificate in the form attached as Exhibit B-2 executed and delivered by a Responsible Officer of the Company in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and dated as of the Funding Date. 

(v) Solvency Certificate. A solvency certificate in the form of Exhibit I provided by the chief financial officer of the
Company. 

(vi) Corporate Documents. Copies of certificates from the Secretary of State or other appropriate
authority of such jurisdiction, evidencing good standing of each Credit Party in its jurisdiction of incorporation and in each state where the ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of business requires it to qualify as a foreign
corporation except where the failure to so qualify could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(vii) Borrowing Base Calculation. The Administrative Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent and the Lenders
shall have received at least two (2) days prior to the Funding Date a Borrowing Base Calculation (along with customary supporting documentation and supplemental reporting) which calculates the Borrowing Base as of the last day of the calendar
month most recently ended on or prior to the date occurring twenty (20) days prior to the Funding Date. 

(viii)
Collateral Documents. Executed counterparts of the Pledge and Security Agreement, subject to Section 8.10, together with: 

(A) an executed original of each Note timely requested by a Lender hereunder; 

(B) to the extent not on file with the appropriate Governmental Authority, appropriate financing statements (Form UCC-1 or such
other financing statements or similar notices as shall be required by local Law) authenticated and authorized for filing under the UCC or other applicable local Law of each jurisdiction in which the filing of a financing statement or giving of
notice may be required, or reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent, to perfect the security interests intended to be created by the Collateral Documents; 

(C) to the extent not already delivered, copies of reports from CT Corporation or another independent search service reasonably
satisfactory to the Collateral Agent listing all effective financing statements, notices of tax, PBGC or judgment liens or similar notices that name any of the Company or any other Credit Party (under its present name and any previous name and, if
requested by the Collateral Agent, under any trade names), as debtor or seller that are filed in the jurisdictions referred to in sub-clause (B) above (regardless of whether or not

90 

financing statements are then on file) or in any other jurisdiction having files which must be searched in order to determine fully the existence of the UCC security interests, notices of the
filing of federal tax Liens (filed pursuant to Section 6323 of the Code), Liens of the PBGC (filed pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA) or judgment Liens on any Collateral, together with copies of such financing statements, notices of tax,
PBGC or judgment Liens or similar notices (none of which shall cover the Collateral except to the extent evidencing Permitted Liens or for which the Collateral Agent shall have received termination statements (Form UCC-3 or such other termination
statements as shall be required by local Law) authenticated and authorized for filing); 

(D) to the extent not already
delivered to the Collateral Agent, searches of ownership of intellectual property in the appropriate governmental offices and such patent, trademark and/or copyright filings as may be requested by the Collateral Agent to the extent necessary or
reasonably advisable to perfect the Collateral Agents security interest in intellectual property Collateral; 

(E) to
the extent not previously delivered to the Collateral Agent, all of the Pledged Collateral, which Pledged Collateral shall be in suitable form for transfer by delivery, or shall be accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment
in blank, with signatures appropriately guaranteed, accompanied in each case by any required transfer tax stamps, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; and 

(F) evidence of the completion of all other filings and recordings of or with respect to the Collateral Documents and of all
other actions as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the security interests intended to be created by the Collateral Documents (including receipt of duly executed payoff letters, UCC-3 termination
statements and landlords and bailees waiver and consent agreements). 

(ix) Intellectual Property
Security Agreements. To the extent not on file with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, as applicable, a short form intellectual property security agreement, in form and substance reasonably
agreed by the Company and the Administrative Agent, duly executed by each Credit Party, together with evidence that all action that the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or desirable in order to perfect the Liens in intellectual property
created under the Pledge and Security Agreement and under such short form assignments or grants of security interests has been taken. 

(x) Evidence of Insurance. The Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders shall have received and be satisfied
with (i) evidence of the insurance under all insurance policies to be maintained with respect to the properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries forming part of the Collateral and (ii) a review of the Credit Parties insurance
binders or other initial contractual documentation evidencing the insurance coverage and documentation related thereto that shall be entered into, and delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders on or around the Funding Date. 

91 

(b) Legal Opinions. An opinion addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent and the Lenders of (A) Vinson & Elkins LLP, New York counsel to the Company and (B) Vinson & Elkins LLP, Delaware counsel to the Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
Such opinions shall also cover such other matters incident to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably require. 

(c) Perfected Security Interest. All actions necessary to establish that the Administrative Agent will have (i) a perfected first
priority security interest (subject only to Permitted Encumbrances to be prior to such first priority security interest) in the ABL First Priority Collateral and (ii) a perfected second priority security interest (subject only to Permitted
Encumbrances to be prior to such second priority security interest) in the Notes First Priority Collateral shall have been taken. 

(d)
Availability. The Company shall have pro forma minimum Availability (after giving effect to a pro forma deduction for any accounts payable over sixty (60) days past due) under this Agreement of not less than $20,000,000 after giving
effect to any borrowings on the Funding Date. 

(e) Existing Indebtedness. On the Funding Date, after giving effect to the
transactions contemplated hereby (including the funding of the Senior Notes), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall have any Indebtedness for borrowed money other than pursuant to this Agreement (or any other Credit Document), the
Purchase Agreement (or any other Notes Documents), or any other Indebtedness for borrowed money permitted hereunder, and the Administrative Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the prepayment in full of (or release
from) all obligations under existing loan facilities and the release and termination of all liens in respect of any Indebtedness for borrowed money not permitted hereunder. 

(f) Fees; Expenses. The Company shall have paid any fees and expenses required to be paid as of the Funding Date by
Section 5.9, Section 5.10, Section 5.11, and Section 12.5(a). The Administrative Agent shall have received, for the respective accounts of the Persons entitled to the same, all costs, expenses, fees and other compensation payable
to the Lenders, the Agents and the Lead Arranger on or prior to the Funding Date under Section 12.5(a), to the extent invoiced to the Company at least three (3) days prior to the Funding Date. The Company shall have paid any legal fees for
the Agents counsel as required under Section 12.5(a) to the extent such fees have been invoiced at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Funding Date. 

(g) Senior Notes. The initial funding contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the other Notes Documents shall be concurrently
effective with the initial advances contemplated under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to occur on the Funding Date, and the Administrative Agent shall have received fully-executed copies of the other Notes Documents executed on the
Funding Date. 

(h) Intercreditor Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have received an executed copy of the Intercreditor
Agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit L. 

92 

(i) Funding Date.The Funding Date shall have occurred on or before
March 13, 2025. 

7.3 Conditions to All Loans and Letters of Credit. The obligation of each applicable Lender to
make any Loan and the obligation of each L/C Issuer to issue any Letter of Credit is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on the relevant Borrowing Date: 

(a) Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations set forth in Article 6, or which are contained in any other Credit
Document shall, to the extent already qualified by materiality, be true and correct in all respects, and, if not so already qualified, shall be true and correct in all material respects, in any case on and as of the date such Loan is made (or such
Letter of Credit is issued) as if made on and as of such date (unless stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date). 

(b) No Default or Event of Default. No Default or Event of Default shall be in existence on such date or after giving effect to the
Loan to be made or the Letter of Credit to be issued on such Borrowing Date. 

(c) Notice. The Administrative Agent and, if
applicable, the applicable L/C Issuer shall have received a Notice of Borrowing in accordance with the requirements of Article 5. 

(d)
Availability. On the date of and after giving effect to any Extension of Credit to be made on such Borrowing Date, the Aggregate Revolving Credit Extensions of Credit shall not exceed the lesser of the Revolving Credit Commitment and the
Borrowing Base then in effect. 

Each borrowing by the Company hereunder and the issuance of each Letter of Credit by each L/C Issuer
hereunder shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Company as of the date of such borrowing or issuance that the conditions in paragraphs (a), (b) and (d) of this Section 7.3 have been satisfied. 

8. 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

The Company hereby agrees that, so long as the Commitments remain in effect, any Loan or Revolving L/C Obligation remains outstanding and
unpaid, any amount remains available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit or any other amount is owing to any Lender (other than Unmatured Surviving Obligations), any Agent or any L/C Issuer hereunder, it shall, and, in the case of the agreements
contained in Sections 8.3, 8.4, 8.5, 8.6, 8.7, 8.8, 8.9, 8.10, 8.11, 8.12, 8.13 and 8.14, shall cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to: 

8.1 Financial Statements. Furnish to the Administrative Agent (with sufficient copies for each Lender) (the items to be provided
under this Section 8.1 shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent by posting on ABLSoft or, if requested by the Administrative Agent, by another form of Approved Electronic Communication or in writing): 

(a) Audited Annual Financial Statements. As soon as available, but in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each
fiscal year of the Company, commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related consolidated statements
of 

93 

income, shareholders equity and cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, reported on without a going concern or like
qualification or exception (other than in connection with an upcoming maturity date under any Indebtedness occurring within one year from the time such opinion is delivered), or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, by certified
public accountants of nationally recognized standing acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

(b) Monthly Financial Statements;
Quarterly Financial Statements. 

(i) As soon as available, but in any event not later than thirty (30) days after
the end of each fiscal month of each fiscal year of the Company, commencing with the monthly period ending February 28, 2025, the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such month
and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for such month and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such month, certified by a
Responsible Officer on behalf of the Company as being fairly stated in all material respects (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments); provided, that with respect to any month that is a quarter-end month or a year-end month, the Company will provide preliminary financial statements within thirty (30) days respectively after such quarter-end or year-end and final financial statements within forty-five (45) or ninety (90) days of quarter-end or year-end in accordance with Section 8.1(a) or 8.1(b), respectively. 

(ii) As soon as
available, but in any event not later than forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of the Company, commencing with the quarterly period ending March 31, 2025, the unaudited
consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer on behalf of the Company as being
fairly stated in all material respects (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments). 

(c)
Annual Budget. As soon as available, but in any event within thirty (30) days after the beginning of each fiscal year of the Company to which such budget relates, a draft version of an annual operating budget of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, which may be adopted by the board of directors of the Company, consisting of projected balance sheets, income statements and cash flow statements for the immediately succeeding fiscal year and reasonably
detailed on a quarterly basis, it being understood that such draft annual operating budget remains subject to review by the Company and its board of directors and is subject to change. As soon as available, but in any event within sixty
(60) days after the beginning of each fiscal year of the Company to which such budget relates, an annual operating budget of the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, as adopted by the board of directors of the Company,
consisting of projected balance sheets, income statements and cash flow statements for the immediately succeeding fiscal year and reasonably detailed on a quarterly basis. As soon as available but in any event no later than ninety (90) days
after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, a copy of the plan and forecast of the Borrowing Base of the Company for each month of the upcoming fiscal year in form reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

94 

Following delivery of the information required pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (b) above
(but not more frequently than quarterly), the Company will cause its and its Subsidiaries appropriate officers to participate in a conference call for Lenders to discuss the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its
Subsidiaries for the most recently-ended period for which financial statements have been delivered; provided that the requirement to participate in any such conference call for the applicable quarter shall be deemed satisfied if the Company
conducts a customary public earnings call for such fiscal quarter. 

All financial statements shall be prepared in reasonable detail in
accordance with GAAP in all material respects (provided that interim statements may be condensed and may exclude detailed footnote disclosure) applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein and with prior periods (except as
concurred to by such officer and disclosed therein and except that interim financial statements need not be restated for changes in accounting principles which require retroactive application, and operations which have been discontinued (as such
term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144) during the current year need not be shown in interim financial statements as such either for the current period or comparable prior period). In the event the Company changes
its accounting methods because of changes in GAAP, the Company shall also provide, if necessary for the determination of compliance with this Section 8.1 and Sections 5.6, 5.7, 5.9, 8.2, 9.1, 9.2, 9.3, 9.7, 9.9, and 9.12, a statement of
reconciliation conforming such financial statements to GAAP. 

The Company represents and warrants that it and each of its Subsidiaries, in
each case, either (a) has no registered or publicly traded securities outstanding or (b) files its financial statements with the SEC and/or makes its financial statements available to potential holders of its Rule 144A securities, and,
accordingly, the Company hereby (i) authorizes the Administrative Agent to make the financial statements to be provided under Section 8.1(a), 8.1(b) and 8.1(c) above, along with the Credit Documents, available to Public-Siders and
(ii) agrees that at the time such financial statements are provided hereunder, they shall already have been made available to holders of its securities. The Company will not request that any other material be posted to Public-Siders without
expressly representing and warranting to the Administrative Agent in writing that such materials do not constitute material non-public information within the meaning of the federal securities laws or that the
Company has no outstanding publicly traded securities, including Rule 144A securities. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall the Company request that the Administrative Agent make available to Public-Siders budgets or
any certificates, reports or calculations with respect to the Companys compliance with the covenants contained herein or with respect to the Borrowing Base or the FILO Borrowing Base. 

8.2 Certificates; Other Information. Furnish to the Administrative Agent (with sufficient copies for each Lender): 

(a) Auditors Certificate. Concurrently with the delivery of the consolidated financial statements referred to in
Section 8.1(a), a letter from the independent certified public accountants reporting on such financial statements stating that in making the examination necessary to express their opinion on such financial statements that there is no Default or
Event of Default under any financial covenants hereunder, except as specified in such letter. 

95 

(b) Compliance Certificate. Concurrently with the delivery of the financial
statements referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 8.1 and with each calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio pursuant to the financial covenant under Section 9.1, a Compliance Certificate: (i) stating that, to the
best of such officers knowledge, the Company and its Subsidiaries have observed or performed all of its covenants and other agreements, and satisfied every applicable condition, contained in this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to be
observed, performed or satisfied by it, and that such officer has obtained no knowledge of any Default or Event of Default except as specified in such certificate; (ii) stating that Availability exceeded the Availability Trigger for each day of
the applicable period; (iii) showing in detail as of the end of the related fiscal period the calculations in reasonable detail for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the fiscal quarter then ended (irrespectively of
whether a Cash Dominion Event has occurred and is then continuing) certifying that the Company is in compliance with the provisions of Section 9.1; and (iv) with respect only to each certificate delivered concurrently with the financial
statements referred to in Section 8.1(a), the extent to which any Credit Party shall have acquired any new, direct Foreign Subsidiaries after the Execution Date. 

(c) Accountants Management Letters. Promptly upon receipt thereof, copies of all final reports submitted to the
Company by independent certified public accountants in connection with each annual, interim or special audit of the books of the Company made by such accountants. 

(d) Reports to Holders of Debt Securities. Promptly, after the furnishing thereof, copies of any statement or report furnished to
holders generally of any debt securities constituting Material Indebtedness of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof pursuant to the terms of any indenture, loan or credit or similar agreement and not otherwise required to be furnished to
the Lenders pursuant to Section 8.1 or any other paragraph of this Section 8.2 and not otherwise filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its functions. 

(e) Other Information. Promptly after any request therefor, (i) such additional financial or other information regarding the
operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Company or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender, through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably request and
(ii) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot
Act. 

(f) Borrowing Base Calculations and Collateral Reporting. The items described on Annex I hereto by the respective date
set forth therein. At any time and from time to time, the Company is entitled to deliver an updated Borrowing Base Calculation in connection with the closing of a Permitted Acquisition. The Borrowing Base Calculation shall also be delivered at such
times required pursuant to Section 9.6 in connection with a disposition, if applicable. The items to be provided under this Section 8.2(f) shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent and the FILO Administrative Agent by posting on
ABLSoft or, if requested by the Administrative Agent, by another form of Approved Electronic Communication. All Borrowing Base Calculations shall, upon posting to ABLSoft (or such other Approved Electronic Communication or in writing), be deemed to
be made by the Company and certified by a Responsible Officer. 

96 

(g) [Reserved]. 

(h) New Term Debt. No less than fifteen (15) days prior to the incurrence of any New Term Debt, the Company shall deliver to the
Administrative Agent a certificate of the Company signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying as to the satisfaction of the conditions described in Section 9.2(g), together with a reasonably detailed description of the material
terms and conditions of such New Term Debt or drafts of documentation relating thereto, stating that the Company has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the requirements of Section 9.2(g), and such certificate shall
be conclusive unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Company within such five (5) Business Day period that it disagrees with such determination (including a description in reasonable detail of the basis upon which it disagrees). 

(i) Regulation U Forms. In connection with any reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to Section 5.4(a),
and otherwise upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, if any Credit Party owns any margin stock under Regulation U, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or such Lender an updated Form U-1, together with such other related documentation as the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall reasonably request, in order to enable the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to comply with any of the
requirements under Regulations T, U or X of the Board. 

(j) Corporate Information. The Company shall deliver to the Administrative
Agent and Collateral Agent, with respect to any Credit Party, promptly (and in any event within no more than thirty (30) days following such change) written notice of any change in such Persons (1) legal name, (2) jurisdiction
of organization or formation, (3) identity or corporate structure or (4) legal identification number. The Company shall take all necessary action so that the Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement and/or the
Security Documents is perfected with the same priority as immediately prior to such change to the extent required by the Credit Documents. The Company also agrees promptly to notify the Collateral Agent if any material portion of the Collateral is
damaged, destroyed or condemned. 

Information required to be delivered pursuant to Section 8.1 or 8.2 shall be deemed to have been
delivered if such information shall have been delivered by the Company to the Administrative Agent for posting by the Administrative Agent on an IntraLinks or similar site to which each Lender has been granted access. Information delivered pursuant
to Section 8.1 or 8.2 may also be delivered by electronic communications (including by Approved Electronic Communications) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent. 

8.3 Payment of Other Obligations. Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as
the case may be, all of its obligations and liabilities of whatever nature, except (i) when the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect
thereto have been provided on the books of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be and (ii) for trade and other accounts payable in the ordinary course of business in accordance with customary trade terms and which
are not overdue for a period of more than sixty (60) days (or any longer period if longer payment terms are accepted in the ordinary course of business) or, if overdue for more than sixty (60) days (or such longer period), as to which a dispute
exists and adequate reserves in conformity with GAAP have been established on the books of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be. 

97 

8.4 Continuation of Business and Maintenance of Existence and Material Rights and
Privileges. Continue to engage in business of the same general type as now conducted by it and those reasonably related or incidental thereto, and preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its corporate, partnership or limited liability
company existence and take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, franchises, accreditations, certifications, authorizations, licenses, permits, approvals and registrations, necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its
business except for rights, privileges, franchises, accreditations, certifications, authorizations, licenses, permits, approvals and registrations the loss of which could reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect, and except as otherwise permitted by Sections 9.6, 9.7 and 9.9. 

8.5 Compliance with All Applicable Laws
and Regulations and Material Contractual Obligations. Comply with all applicable Requirements of Law (including, without limitation, any and all Environmental Laws, tax, and ERISA laws) and Contractual Obligations except to the extent that the
failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company (i) shall retire and cancel each share of its common stock
repurchased in any Qualified Stock Repurchase promptly following the consummation of such repurchase and ensure that all such shares revert to the status of authorized and unissued shares and (ii) shall not sell, reissue, transfer, pledge or
otherwise assign or dispose of any such shares to any other Person after such repurchase. 

8.6 Maintenance of Property;
Insurance. Keep all property useful and necessary in its business in good working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted), and maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all its property in at
least such amounts and with only such deductibles as are usually maintained by, and against at least such risks as are usually insured against in the same general area by, companies engaged in the same or a similar business (in any event including
general liability, contractual liability, personal injury, workers compensation, employers liability, automobile liability and physical damage coverage, all risk property, business interruption, fidelity and crime insurance);
provided that the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries may implement programs of self-insurance in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with industry standards for a company of similar size so long as reserves are maintained
in accordance with GAAP for the liabilities associated therewith. No later than sixty (60) days following the Funding Date (or such later date as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent shall have
received, with respect to insurance policies covering the properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries comprising any of the Collateral, endorsements naming the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Lenders, as an additional insured or lenders
loss payee, as the case may be. 

8.7 Maintenance of Books and Records. Keep proper books of record and account in which
full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities which permit financial statements to be prepared in conformity with GAAP and all Requirements of Law. 

98 

8.8 Right of the Lenders to Inspect Property and Books and Records.
Permit representatives of any Lender upon reasonable notice during business hours and with a Responsible Officer present to visit and inspect any of its properties and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records (including in
connection with periodic field examinations) at any reasonable time and as often as may reasonably be desired upon reasonable notice, and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Company and its
Restricted Subsidiaries with officers and employees thereof, and with their independent certified public accountants; provided that, only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise rights of the Lenders under this
Section 8.8 and the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than one time during any calendar year absent the existence of an Event of Default; provided, further, that when an Event of Default exists, the
Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice, and any Lender (or any of its representatives or independent
contractors) may accompany the Administrative Agent (or its representatives or independent contractors). The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall give the Company the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Companys
independent certified public accountants. 

8.9 Notices. 

(a) Promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent and each Lender: 

(i) of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 

(ii) of any (A) default or event of default under any instrument or other agreement, guarantee or collateral document of
the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries which default or event of default has not been waived and could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or any other default or event of default under any such instrument,
agreement, guarantee or other collateral document which, but for the proviso to paragraph (e) of Section 10.1, would have constituted a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement, or (B) litigation, investigation or proceeding
which may exist at any time between the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and any Governmental Authority, or receipt of any notice of any environmental claim or assessment against the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by any
Governmental Authority, which in any such case could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(iii) of
any litigation or proceeding affecting the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (A) in which more than $5,000,000 of the amount claimed is not covered by insurance or (B) in which injunctive or similar relief is sought which if
obtained could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

99 

(iv) as soon as practicable after, and in any event within thirty
(30) days after the Company knows thereof, of any ERISA Event that shall have occurred that, either alone or together with any other ERISA Event, results in liability of the Company or any Subsidiary in an aggregate amount which would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and in addition to such notice, deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender whichever of the following may be applicable: (x) a certificate of a Responsible Officer on behalf of
the Company setting forth details as to such Reportable Event and the action that the Company or such Commonly Controlled Entity proposes to take with respect thereto, together with a copy of any notice of such Reportable Event that may be required
to be filed with PBGC, or (y) any notice delivered by PBGC evidencing its intent to institute such proceedings or any notice to PBGC that such Plan is to be terminated, as the case may be; 

(v) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Credit Party with respect to the
Companys Accounts and Inventory or which otherwise would reasonably be expected to affect the calculation of the Borrowing Base, the FILO Borrowing Base or Reserves; and 

(vi) of a material adverse change known by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the business, financial
condition, assets, liabilities, properties or results of operations of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

(b)
Each notice pursuant to this Section 8.9 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer on behalf of the Company setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and (in the cases of clauses (i) through (v) in
paragraph (a) above) stating what action the Company proposes to take with respect thereto. 

8.10 Subsidiary Guaranties and
Collateral. 

(a) Subsidiary Guarantors. The Company will deliver, and will cause each Subsidiary Guarantor to deliver, either
(i) a counterpart of the Guaranty duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person or (ii) in the case of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor after the Execution Date, a supplement to the Guaranty in the form specified
therein and a joinder and/or supplement to the Pledge and Security Agreement, in each case duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person, together with opinions and documents of the type referred to in Sections 7.1(a)(ii), 7.1(a)(iii),
7.1(a)(iv), 7.1(c), 7.1(g), 7.1(i) and 7.2(b)(x) with respect to such Person. 

(b) Additional Subsidiaries. If any additional
Subsidiary is formed or acquired (or otherwise becomes a Subsidiary) after the Execution Date, then the Company will, as promptly as practicable and, in any event, within sixty (60) days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent,
acting reasonably (and without any requirement for Lender consent), may agree to in writing (including electronic mail)) (or transmit by Approved Electronic Communications, or other electronic transmission if arrangements for such transmission have
been approved by the Administrative Agent) after such Subsidiary is formed or acquired, notify the Administrative Agent (i) whether the Company intends to designate such Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, in which case such Subsidiary
shall be deemed to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary from the date of its formation or acquisition for purposes of Section 9.7 or (ii) if the Subsidiary is a Restricted Subsidiary and such Subsidiary is not otherwise exempt from being a
Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the definition thereof, that such Subsidiary is a Restricted Subsidiary that is also a Subsidiary Guarantor and, in the case of this clause (ii), the Company shall cause the requirements of this Section 8.10 to
be satisfied with respect to such additional Subsidiary and with respect to any Equity Interest in or Indebtedness of such Subsidiary owned by or on behalf of any Credit Party. 

100 

The Company will cause the management, business and affairs of each of the Company and its
Restricted Subsidiaries to be conducted in such a manner (including, without limitation, by keeping separate books of account, furnishing separate financial statements of Unrestricted Subsidiaries to creditors and potential creditors thereof and by
not permitting Properties of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries to be commingled) so that each Unrestricted Subsidiary that is a corporation will be treated as a corporate entity separate and distinct from the Company and the Restricted
Subsidiaries; 

(c) Pledge of Equity Interests. Each Credit Party shall pledge the capital stock, or other Equity Interests and
intercompany indebtedness, owned by it (unless such a pledge is expressly not required by this Agreement or the Pledge and Security Agreements) pursuant to the Pledge and Security Agreements, it being understood and agreed that, notwithstanding
anything that may be to the contrary herein (other than Section 9.7(k)), the Pledge and Security Agreement shall not require the Company or any Credit Party to pledge: 

(i) more than 65% of the outstanding voting capital stock of, or other voting equity interests in, any Subsidiary that is a CFC
or CFC Holdco; 

(ii) any of the outstanding capital stock of, or other equity interests, in any Subsidiary where such
pledge would (A) be prohibited by applicable law; provided that this sub-clause (A) shall in no way be construed to apply if such prohibition is unenforceable under Section 9-408 of the UCC, (B) result in material adverse tax consequences to the Company or any Credit Party, (C) in the case of any non-wholly owned Subsidiary
or joint venture existing on the Execution Date, result in a breach of a joint venture agreement, operating agreement or other similar document or agreement in the form existing on the Execution Date; provided that the Company or relevant
Subsidiary shall have used its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all consents or take such other actions as may be necessary to enable the pledge of such capital stock or other equity interests, (D) in the case of any non-wholly owned Subsidiary or joint venture created or acquired after the Execution Date, result in a breach of a joint venture agreement, operating agreement or other similar document or agreement, provided
that the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all consents or take such other actions as may be necessary to enable the pledge of such capital stock or other equity interests, or (E) cause the Company to incur costs
associated with such pledge that are excessive in comparison to the benefits afforded to the Lenders, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, and provided further that to the extent the Company or another Credit Party does not
ultimately acquire 100% of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of any acquired or newly formed Subsidiary in any Permitted Acquisition, notwithstanding clause (ii)(D) above but except as provided in clauses (ii)(A),(B) and
(E) above, the Collateral Agent shall receive a pledge of all outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of such entity held by the Company or other Credit Parties. 

101 

(d) Additional Security. Each Credit Party will cause, upon the occurrence of an
Event of Default, all other assets and properties of such Credit Party as are not covered by the original Collateral Documents and as may be requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders in their sole reasonable discretion, to be
subject at all times to first priority (subject only to Permitted Liens), perfected and, in the case of owned Real Property, title insured, Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents or such other security
agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages or similar collateral documents as the Administrative Agent shall request in its sole reasonable discretion (collectively, the Additional Collateral Documents). 

In furtherance of the foregoing terms of this paragraph (d), upon the acquisition of any owned Real Property referred to in the preceding
paragraph by any Credit Party, if such owned Real Property, in the judgment of the Administrative Agent, shall not already be subject to a perfected first priority deed of trust or mortgage lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of
the Secured Parties (subject only to Permitted Liens), then following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, if requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders in their sole discretion, such Credit Party shall, at
the Companys expense: 

(i) within thirty (30) days after such acquisition, furnish to the Administrative Agent a
description of the owned Real Property so acquired in detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(ii) within sixty
(60) days after such acquisition, cause the applicable Credit Party to duly execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent deeds of trust, trust deeds, deeds to secure debt, mortgages, flood notices and, if applicable, flood insurance, instruments
of accession to the Collateral Documents and other security and pledge agreements, as specified by and in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, securing payment of all the Obligations of the applicable Credit Party under the
Agreement and constituting Liens on all such owned Real Properties; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its reasonable discretion, without any requirement for Lender consent, extend such time period from sixty (60) days up to
a maximum of ninety (90) days; 

(iii) within sixty (60) days after such acquisition, cause the applicable Credit
Party to take whatever action (including the recording of mortgages, the filing of UCC financing statements, the giving of notices and the endorsement of notices on title documents) as may be necessary or advisable in the opinion of the
Administrative Agent to vest in the Collateral Agent (or in any representative of such Collateral Agent designated by it) valid and subsisting Liens on such owned Real Property, enforceable against all third parties; provided that the
Administrative Agent may, in its reasonable discretion, without any requirement for Lender consent, extend such time period from sixty (60) days up to a maximum of ninety (90) days; 

(iv) within sixty (60) days after such acquisition, deliver to the Administrative Agent, upon the request of the
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, a signed copy of a favorable opinion, addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, and the other Secured Parties, of counsel for the Credit Parties acceptable to the Administrative Agent
as to the matters contained in clauses (ii) and (iii) above and as to such other matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its reasonable discretion, without any
requirement for Lender consent, extend such time period from sixty (60) days up to a maximum of ninety (90) days; 

102 

(v) as promptly as practicable after any acquisition of any such owned Real
Property, deliver, upon the request of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, to the Collateral Agent with respect to such owned Real Property title reports, surveys and engineering, soils and other reports, and environmental assessment
reports, each in scope, form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, provided, however, that to the extent that any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries shall have otherwise received any of the foregoing items with respect
to such owned Real Property, such items shall, promptly after the receipt thereof, be delivered to the Administrative Agent; and 

(vi) deliver such proof of organizational authority, incumbency of officers, opinions of counsel and other documents as is
consistent with those delivered by each Credit Party pursuant to Section 7.1 on the Execution Date or as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders shall have requested. 

If, subsequent to the Execution Date, a Credit Party shall acquire any securities, instruments, chattel paper or other personal property
required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent as Collateral hereunder or under any of the Collateral Documents, the Company shall promptly (and in any event within three (3) Business Days after any Responsible Officer of any Credit Party
acquires knowledge of the same) notify the Collateral Agent of the same. Each of the Credit Parties shall adhere to the covenants regarding the location of personal property as set forth in the Collateral Documents. 

If, subsequent to the Execution Date, a Credit Party shall acquire or obtain any Inventory that contains or bears intellectual property rights
licensed to any Credit Party that may be sold or otherwise disposed of without (i) infringing the rights of such licensor, (ii) violating any contract with such licensor, or (iii) incurring any liability with respect to payment of
royalties other than royalties incurred pursuant to the sale of such Inventory under the current licensing agreement, then the Company shall provide a reasonably detailed written update with each Borrowing Base Calculation delivered to the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.2(f) immediately following the date that such property is acquired, notifying the Administrative Agent of such acquisition, which written update shall specify in reasonable detail (including the
location, title, patent number(s) and issue date) as to the property so acquired and the intellectual property rights licensed to the Credit Party in connection therewith. 

(e) Real Property Appraisals. If the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders determine that there is a Requirement of Law for them to
have appraisals prepared in respect of the Real Property of the Company constituting Collateral pursuant to paragraph (d), the Company shall provide to the Collateral Agent appraisals which satisfy the applicable requirements set forth in 12 C.F.R.,
Part 32 - Subpart C or any successor or similar statute, rule, regulation, guideline or order, and which shall be in scope, form and substance, and from appraisers, reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders and shall be accompanied by a
certification of the appraisal firm providing such appraisals that the appraisals comply with such requirements. 

103 

(f) Certain Actions Following an Event of Default. Upon the request of the
Administrative Agent following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Company shall, at the Companys expense: 

(i) Within thirty (30) days after such request, furnish to the Administrative Agent a description of the real and personal
properties of the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries in detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(ii) within forty-five (45) days after such request, duly execute and deliver, and cause each Credit Party (if it has not
already done so) to duly execute and deliver, to the Administrative Agent deeds of trust, trust deeds, deeds to secure debt, mortgages, instruments of accession to the Collateral Documents and other security and pledge agreements, as specified by
and in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (including delivery of all Pledged Collateral), securing payment of all the Obligations of the Credit Parties under the Credit Documents and constituting Liens on all such
properties; 

(iii) within sixty (60) days after such request, take, and cause each Credit Party to take, whatever
action (including the recording of mortgages, the filing of UCC financing statements, the giving of notices and the endorsement of notices on title documents) may be necessary or advisable in the opinion of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent to vest in the Collateral Agent (or in any representative of the Administrative Agent designated by it) valid and subsisting Liens on the properties purported to be subject to the deeds of trust, trust deeds, deeds to secure debt, mortgages,
instruments of accession to the Collateral Documents and security and pledge agreements delivered pursuant to this Section 8.10, enforceable against all third parties in accordance with their terms; 

(iv) within sixty (60) days after such request, deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, upon the
request of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in their sole discretion, a signed copy of a favorable opinion, addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, and the other Secured Parties, of counsel for the Credit Parties
acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to the matters contained in clauses (ii) and (iii) above, and as to such other matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; and 

(v) as promptly as practicable after such request, deliver, upon the request of the Administrative Agent in its sole
discretion, to the Administrative Agent with respect to each parcel of Real Property owned or held by the Credit Parties, title reports, surveys and engineering, soils and other reports, and environmental assessment reports, each in scope, form and
substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, provided, however, that to the extent that any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries shall have otherwise received any of the foregoing items with respect to such Real Property, such items
shall, promptly after the receipt thereof, be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 

(g) Further Assurances. At any time upon
request of the Administrative Agent, promptly execute and deliver any and all further instruments and documents and take all such other action as the Administrative Agent, in the commercially reasonable exercise of its discretion, may deem necessary
or desirable in obtaining the full benefits of, or (as applicable) in perfecting and preserving the Liens of, the Collateral Documents and any such guaranties, deeds of trust, trust deeds, deeds to secure debt, mortgages, instruments of accession to
the Collateral Documents and other security and pledge agreements. 

104 

(h) Time for Taking Certain Actions. The Company agrees that if no deadline for
taking any action required by this Section 8.10 is specified herein, such action shall be completed as soon as possible, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after such action is either requested to be taken by the Administrative
Agent or the Required Lenders or required to be taken by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of this Section 8.10. 

8.11 Compliance with Environmental Laws. Except, in each case, to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, comply, and cause all lessees and other Persons operating or occupying its properties to comply, with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits; obtain and renew all Environmental Permits
necessary for its operations and properties; and conduct any investigation, study, sampling and testing, and undertake any cleanup, removal, remedial or other action necessary to remove and clean up all Materials of Environmental Concern from any of
its properties, in accordance with the requirements of all Environmental Laws; provided, however, that neither the Company nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to undertake any such cleanup, removal, remedial or other
action to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and appropriate reserves are being maintained with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP. 

8.12 Appraisals; Field Examinations. Upon the Administrative Agents request and in the Administrative Agents
Permitted Discretion, representatives designated by the Administrative Agent shall conduct field examinations and inventory appraisals, with respect to any Accounts or Inventory included in the calculation of the Borrowing Base or the FILO Borrowing
Base, at reasonable business times and upon reasonable prior notice to the Company. 

(a) One such field examination and one such appraisal
will be conducted at the expense of the Credit Parties during each 12 month period, subject to Section 8.12(b). 

(b) If Availability
is less than the greater of (i) $32,500,000 and (ii) 25% of the Line Cap at any time during such 12 month period referred to in Section 8.12(a), then one additional field examination and one additional appraisal shall be conducted at the
expense of the Credit Parties during such 12 month period. 

(c) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, then all field
examinations and appraisals conducted while such Event of Default has occurred and is continuing shall be at the expense of the Credit Parties. 

(d) For the avoidance of doubt, there shall be no limitation on the number or frequency of field examinations during such time as a Default or
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. If no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may conduct one such field examinations and appraisals during any
3-month period. 

105 

(e) The Credit Parties shall reasonably cooperate with the Administrative Agent and such
designated representatives in the conduct of such field examinations and inventory appraisals. Such appraisals shall be prepared in a form and on a basis reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, such appraisals to include information
required by applicable law and by the internal policies of the Lenders. With respect to each appraisal made pursuant to this Section 8.12 after the Execution Date, (i) the Administrative Agent and the Company shall each be given a
reasonable amount of time to review and comment on a draft form of the appraisal prior to its finalization and (ii) any adjustments to the Appraised Net Orderly Liquidation Value, the Borrowing Base or the FILO Borrowing Base hereunder as a
result of such appraisal shall be reflected in the Borrowing Base Calculation delivered immediately succeeding such appraisal. 

(f)
Conduct a physical count of the Inventory either through periodic cycle counts or wall to wall counts consistent with past practices, so that all Inventory is subject to such counts at least once each year. 

8.13 Further Assurances. Promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent,
(i) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in any Credit Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation thereof, and (ii) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record,
re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other
instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to (A) carry out more effectively the purposes of the Credit Documents, (B) to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, subject any Credit Partys properties, assets, rights or interests to the Liens now or hereafter intended to be covered by any of the Collateral Documents, (C) perfect and maintain the validity, effectiveness
and priority of any of the Collateral Documents and any of the Liens intended to be created thereunder and (D) assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer, preserve, protect and confirm more effectively unto the Secured Parties the rights granted
or now or hereafter intended to be granted to the Secured Parties under any Credit Document or under any other instrument executed in connection with any Credit Document to which any Credit Party is or is to be a party, and if and to the extent
necessary, cause each of its Subsidiaries to do so. 

8.14 [Reserved]. 

8.15 Anti-Corruption; Sanctions. Each Credit Party shall comply with and cause its Subsidiaries to comply with, and maintain in
effect, policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by each Credit Party, their Subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. Each Credit Party will not use the
proceeds of any Loan, and will not allow such proceeds to be used (to such Credit Partys knowledge after due care and inquiry) in any way that will violate any Anti-Corruption Laws or Sanctions. 

8.16 Accuracy of Information. The Credit Parties will ensure that no report, financial statement, certificate or other
information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any other Credit Document or any amendment or other
modification hereof or thereof (in each case as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as 

106 

a whole, shall contain any material misstatement of fact or shall omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Credit Parties will ensure only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. 

8.17 Casualty and Condemnations. The Company will (a) furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prompt written
notice of any casualty or other insured damage to any material portion of the Collateral or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the taking of any material portion of the Collateral or interest therein under power of eminent domain or by
condemnation or similar proceeding and (b) ensure that the Proceeds of any such event (whether in the form of insurance proceeds, condemnation awards or otherwise) are collected and applied in accordance with the applicable provision of this
Agreement and the Collateral Documents. 

8.18 Keepwell. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally
absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Credit Party to honor all of its obligations under any Credit Document in respect of a Swap Obligation
(provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 8.18 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 8.18 or
otherwise under any Credit Document voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). Except as otherwise provided herein, the obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under
this Section 8.18 shall remain in full force and effect until the termination of all Swap Obligations. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 8.18 constitute, and this Section 8.18 shall be deemed to constitute, a
keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Credit Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

9. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

The Company hereby
agrees that it shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly so long as the Commitments remain in effect or any Loan or Revolving L/C Obligation remains outstanding and unpaid, any amount remains
available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit or any other amount (other than any Unmatured Surviving Obligations) is owing to any Lender, any Agent or the L/C Issuers hereunder (it being understood that each of the permitted exceptions to each
covenant in this Article 9 is in addition to, and not overlapping with, any other of such permitted exceptions in such covenant except to the extent expressly provided): 

9.1 Financial Covenants. 

Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Covenant Trigger Event, the Company shall not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio to be
less than 1.00:1.00, tested at any time based on the financial statements for the most recently ended fiscal month for which financial statements were required to be delivered pursuant to Section 8.1 or Section 8.2. 

107 

9.2 Indebtedness. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness or
Contingent Obligation, except: 

(a) Indebtedness of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with the Letters of Credit
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Indebtedness of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary that is backstopped by a Letter of Credit) and this Agreement; 

(b) Indebtedness of the Company to any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that all such Indebtedness shall be subordinated to the
Obligations on the terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit F, and any Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary to the extent the Indebtedness referred to in this paragraph (b) evidences a loan or advance
permitted under Section 9.7; 

(c) Indebtedness in respect of non-speculative derivative
contracts; 

(d) Indebtedness in respect of surety, indemnity, performance, release and appeal bonds, in each case provided in the ordinary
course of business, including guarantees or obligations of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptances supporting such surety, indemnity, performance, release and appeal bonds (in each case
other than for an obligation for money borrowed); 

(e) Indebtedness of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary (i) arising from a
Sale and Leaseback Transaction permitted under Section 9.16 or (ii) incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including capital lease obligations, and any Indebtedness assumed in
connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and any extension or renewal thereof; provided that (A) such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within ninety
(90) days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and (B) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this paragraph (e)(ii) shall not at any time exceed $75,000,000; 

(f) Indebtedness owed to a seller in a Permitted Acquisition, Permitted Foreign Acquisition or a Permitted Joint Venture or to a buyer in a
disposition permitted under paragraph (e) or (f) of Section 9.6 that (i) relates to customary post-closing adjustments with respect to accounts receivable, accounts payable, net worth and/or similar items typically subject to
post-closing adjustments in similar transactions, and are outstanding for a period of one (1) year or less following the creation thereof or (ii) relates to customary indemnities granted to the seller or buyer in the transaction; 

(g) other Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor in respect of one or more series of secured or unsecured notes or term loans
that are issued in a public offering, Rule 144A or other private placement, or a bridge financing in lieu of the foregoing that converts into permanent New Term Debt, pursuant to an indenture or a note purchase agreement or otherwise (the
New Term Debt); provided that (1) after giving effect to the incurrence thereof and the application of the proceeds thereof on a pro forma basis, the Company is in compliance with the Required Ratio, as of the
last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which the relevant financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 and (2) the following requirements are satisfied: 

(i) such Indebtedness does not mature prior to the date that is the 91st
day following the Scheduled Maturity Date; 

108 

(ii) such Indebtedness shall not be subject to any scheduled amortization
prior to maturity (other than regularly scheduled principal amortization payments); 

(iii) the agreements and terms
governing such Indebtedness do not require mandatory prepayments to be made (other than customary asset sale events, insurance and condemnation proceeds events, change of control offers or events of default, AHYDO
catch-up payments, and, if secured, excess cash flow sweeps and regularly scheduled principal amortization payments); 

(iv) the agreements and instruments governing such Indebtedness shall not contain (A) any financial covenant that is more
restrictive than the financial covenant in this Agreement (unless such financial covenant is incorporated herein); (B) any restriction on the ability of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to amend, modify, restate or otherwise
supplement this Agreement or the other Credit Documents in a manner that is more restrictive in any material respect than what is contained in the Notes Documents in effect on the Funding Date; (C) any restrictions on the ability of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries to guarantee the Obligations (as such Obligations may be amended, supplemented, modified, or amended and restated), provided that a requirement that any such Person also guarantee such Indebtedness shall not be deemed to
be a violation of this sub-clause (C); or (D) any restrictions on the ability of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to pledge assets as security with respect to the Obligations (as such
Obligations may be amended, supplemented, modified, or amended and restated); provided that, in accordance with clause (vi) below, a requirement that any Liens upon fixed assets of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor in favor of the
Collateral Agent shall be subordinate to any lien upon such fixed assets securing the New Term Debt shall not be deemed to be a violation of this sub-clause (D); 

(v) to the extent secured by any Lien on the ABL First Priority Collateral, such New Term Debt shall be secured on a junior
lien basis to the Facilities and shall be subject to customary intercreditor arrangements and execution of an intercreditor agreement prepared by the Collateral Agent and in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders; 

(vi) to the extent such New Term Debt is secured by Liens on any fixed assets of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor that
comprise a portion of the Collateral, any Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent upon such fixed assets shall, following the written request of the Company, pursuant to Section 6.15 of the Pledge and Security Agreement, be automatically
subordinated to the liens on such fixed assets securing the New Term Debt pursuant to an intercreditor agreement prepared by the Collateral Agent and in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders; and 

109 

(vii) to the extent secured, such New Term Debt shall not be
(x) secured by any lien on any asset of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor that does not also secure the Facilities, except for any lien on any Real Property owned by the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor, or (y) guaranteed
by any Person other than the Subsidiary Guarantors; 

(h) Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries existing on the
Execution Date and listed on Schedule 9.2(h) hereto including any extension or renewals or refinancing thereof, provided that, the principal amount thereof is not increased; 

(i) unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary: (i) the principal of which is not required to be repaid, in whole
or in part, before the date that is the 91st day following the Scheduled Maturity Date, (ii) that is issued pursuant to credit documents having covenants and events of default that are no less favorable, including with respect to rights of
acceleration, taken as a whole, to the Company than the terms hereof or are otherwise reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent, and (iii) that if, after giving effect to the incurrence thereof and the
application of the proceeds thereof on a pro forma basis, the Company is in compliance with the Required Ratio, as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which the relevant financial statements have been delivered pursuant to
Section 8.1 or Section 8.2; 

(j) the following Contingent Obligations: 

(i) guarantees of obligations to third parties made in the ordinary course of business in connection with relocation of
employees of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(ii) guarantees by the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries of obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business for an aggregate amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at any time; provided, however, that any such guarantee granted by a Restricted Subsidiary shall only be given in
accordance with Section 9.15; 

(iii) Contingent Obligations existing on the Funding Date and described in Schedule
9.2(j) including any extensions or renewals thereof; 

(iv) Contingent Obligations in respect of derivative contracts; 

(v) Contingent Obligations pursuant to the Credit Documents; 

(vi) guarantees by (A) the Company of Indebtedness of its Restricted Subsidiaries permitted under Section 9.2(f) and
(B) the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of other obligations of Restricted Subsidiaries not prohibited hereunder; and 

(vii) guarantees by any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness and other obligations of the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary; provided that the Indebtedness or obligations so guaranteed is either permitted pursuant to this Section 9.2 or not prohibited hereunder; and provided further that any such guarantees shall only be given in accordance
with Section 9.15; 

110 

(k) Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections, employee credit card
programs, automatic clearinghouse arrangements and similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at any time; 

(l) unsecured Indebtedness constituting earn-out obligations, contingent obligations or similar
obligations of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary arising from or relating to any Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Foreign Acquisition; 

(m) Indebtedness under the Purchase Agreement and Notes Documents in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $232,160,000, plus the
principal amount of any Additional Notes, Permitted Additional Debt, Pari Passu Notes Lien Indebtedness, and Junior Secured Indebtedness, in each case as defined in, and as incurred in accordance with the terms and conditions of, the Notes Documents
as in effect on the Funding Date without giving effect to any waiver of such terms and conditions (in each case plus any amounts capitalized on the principal amount thereof with respect to the payment of interest
in-kind and plus any additional notes issued with respect to the payment of interest in-kind), so long as all such Indebtedness is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement
or such other intercreditor agreement prepared by the Collateral Agent and in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders; 

(n)
Indebtedness in respect of (A) the 2018 Secured Senior Notes (as defined in the Indenture), to the extent that (i) funds or Cash Equivalents or securities are on deposit in trust within three (3) Business Days of the Funding Date for
the purpose of defeasing or satisfying and discharging such 2018 Secured Senior Notes in their entirety and (ii) such 2018 Secured Senior Notes are fully defeased, satisfied and discharged in their entirety within five (5) Business Days of
the Funding Date, and (B) the Prior ABL, provided that suchIndebtedness under the Prior ABL is paid in full and all commitments thereunder are terminated on the Funding Date; and 

(o) Indebtedness not otherwise permitted by this Section 9.2; provided that the aggregate principal or face amount of all such
Indebtedness under this clause (o) shall not exceed at any time $2,500,000.

9.3 Limitation on Liens. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets, income or profits,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or sign or file or suffer to exist under the UCC of any jurisdiction a financing statement that names the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries as debtor, or assign any accounts or other right to
receive income, except: 

(a) Liens for Taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not yet delinquent or which are being contested in
good faith and by appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, in accordance with GAAP; 

(b) carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, landlords, materialmens, repairmens or other like Liens arising in
the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations which do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the use of any of the assets or properties of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or which are not overdue by more than
thirty (30) days or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, in accordance
with GAAP; 

111 

(c) pledges or deposits in connection with workmens compensation, unemployment
insurance and other social security legislation, and pledges and deposits securing cash management obligations; 

(d) easements, right-of-way, zoning and similar restrictions and other similar encumbrances or title defects incurred, or leases or subleases or licenses granted to others, in the ordinary
course of business, which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or do not interfere with or adversely affect in any material respect the
ordinary conduct of the business of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 

(e) Liens in favor of the Collateral
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to the Credit Documents and bankers liens arising by operation of law; 

(f)
Liens on assets of entities or Persons which become Restricted Subsidiaries of the Company after the date hereof; provided that such Liens exist at the time such entities or Persons become Restricted Subsidiaries and are not created in
anticipation thereof; 

(g) Liens on documents of title and the property covered thereby securing Indebtedness in respect of the Letters of
Credit; 

(h) Liens in existence on the Execution Date and described in Schedule 9.3 and renewals thereof in amounts not to exceed the
amounts listed on such Schedule 9.3; 

(i) Liens on assets acquired in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or a Permitted Foreign
Acquisition; provided that such Liens (A) exist at the time of the Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Foreign Acquisition in question and are not created in anticipation thereof, and (B) are not extended to cover other assets of the
Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(j) any leases or licenses of any intellectual property or intangible assets or entering
into any franchise agreement in the ordinary course of business; 

(k) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts (other
than for borrowed money), leases, licenses, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(l) Liens securing Indebtedness owing to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary under Section 9.2(b); 

(m) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that
(i) such security interests secure only Indebtedness permitted by Section 9.2(e), (ii) such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within ninety (90) days after such acquisition or the
completion of such construction or improvement, (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets, (iv) such security interests shall not apply to any other
property or assets of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, and (v) such security interests shall not interfere with the security and priority of the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties; 

112 

(n) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under
Section 10.1(h); 

(o) Liens arising from precautionary UCC filings or similar filings relating to (x) Operating Leases and (y) sub-leasing and/or chartering arrangements relating to aircrafts; 

(p) Liens in favor of
customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; 

(q) Liens on insurance proceeds securing the payment of financed insurance premiums (provided that such Liens extend only to such
insurance proceeds and not to any other property or assets); 

(r) Liens to secure Indebtedness permitted under Section 9.2(g) and
Section 9.2(m), provided that to the extent such Indebtedness is secured by Liens on the ABL First Priority Collateral, such Liens shall be on a junior lien basis to the Facilities, and any such secured Indebtedness shall be subject to
the Intercreditor Agreement or, as applicable, another customary intercreditor agreement prepared by the Collateral Agent and in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders; 

(s) Liens arising out of Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 9.16; 

(t) Liens (i) securing the 2018 Secured Senior Notes (as defined in the Indenture), provided that funds or Cash Equivalents or
securities are on deposit in trust within three (3) Business Days of the Funding Date for the purpose of defeasing or satisfying and discharging such 2018 Secured Senior Notes in their entirety, (ii) securing such funds or Cash Equivalents
or securities as are on deposit as described in subclause (i) of this clause (t), and (iii) securing the Prior ABL, so long as, in the case of subclauses (i) and (ii), such 2018 Secured Senior Notes are fully defeased, satisfied and
discharged in their entirety within five (5) Business Days of the Funding Date, and, in the cause of subclause (iii), such Liens securing the Prior ABL are released in their entirety on the Funding Date; and 

(u) Liens not otherwise permitted by this Section 9.3; provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness secured by
such Liens under this clause (t) shall not exceed at any time $2,500,000. 

No Liens shall be permitted to exist, directly or
indirectly, (i) on the Collateral (as defined in the Pledge and Security Agreements), other than Liens permitted under paragraphs (a) to (u) of this Section 9.3, or (ii) on any Real Property owned by the Company or any
Subsidiaries, other than Liens created under paragraphs (a), (d), (e) and (r) of this Section 9.3 and which, in the case of paragraph (r) of this Section 9.3, may be senior to any Liens on such Real Property securing the
Obligations; provided that none of the Liens permitted pursuant to this Section 9.3 may at any time attach to any Credit Partys (1) Accounts, other than those permitted under paragraph (a), (n) and (r) above or created
pursuant to any Credit Document and (2) Inventory, other than those permitted under paragraphs (a), (b), (n) and (r) above or created pursuant to any Credit Document. 

113 

9.4 Use of Proceeds. 

(a) The Company will not request any Loans or Letter of Credit, and the Company shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its
or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything
else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or
(iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 

(b) The proceeds of the
Loans and the Letters of Credit will be used solely for financing the working capital or general corporate purposes of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including making payments to an L/C Issuer to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for
drawings made under the Letters of Credit). No part of the proceeds of any Loan and no Letter of Credit will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including
Regulations T, U and X. 

9.5 Prohibition on Fundamental Changes. Enter into any transaction or acquisition of, or merger or
consolidation or amalgamation with, any other Person (including any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), or transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any Subsidiary, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself
(or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or engage in any type of business other than of the same general type now conducted by it, or with respect to the Company, reorganize in any foreign jurisdiction, except for: 

(a) any merger of any Subsidiary into (i) the Company provided the Company is the surviving entity or (ii)(A) any Domestic Subsidiary or
(B) in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, into any other Foreign Subsidiary; provided, in each case, that if one of the parties of such merger is a Subsidiary Guarantor then, the surviving entity shall be or become a Subsidiary Guarantor;

(b) any merger of any Domestic Subsidiary into a Foreign Subsidiary in connection with an Investment permitted under Section 9.7;

(c) liquidation or dissolution of any Subsidiary, provided that (i) all assets of such Subsidiary are transferred to the Company or
to a Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary and (ii) if such Subsidiary is a Subsidiary Guarantor, all assets of such Subsidiary are transferred to the Company or to a Subsidiary Guarantor; 

(d) any merger, consolidation or amalgamation of any non-Subsidiary Guarantor with a non-Subsidiary Guarantor; and 

(e) transactions otherwise expressly permitted under this Agreement. 

114 

9.6 Prohibition on Sale of Assets. Convey, sell, lease, assign, transfer or
otherwise dispose of any of its property, business or assets (including, without limitation, tax benefits, receivables and leasehold interests), whether now owned or hereafter acquired except: 

(a) for the sale or other disposition of any tangible personal property that, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, has become uneconomic,
obsolete or worn out, and which is disposed of in the ordinary course of business; 

(b) for sales or other dispositions of inventory made
in the ordinary course of business and dispositions, assignments or abandonment of intellectual property in the ordinary course of business; 

(c) that any Restricted Subsidiary may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or
otherwise) to the Company, and the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries may make Investments permitted by Section 9.7; 

(d) that
(i) any Foreign Subsidiary of the Company may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or by merger, consolidation, transfer of assets, or otherwise) to the Company or a Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any Subsidiary of the Company which is not a Credit Party may sell or otherwise dispose of, or part control of any or all of, the capital stock of, or other equity interests in, any Subsidiary of the Company to a
Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Company, and (iii) any Subsidiary of the Company which is not a Credit Party may sell or otherwise dispose of, or part control of any or all of, the capital stock of, or other equity interests in, any Subsidiary
of the Company to a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Company which is a Credit Party; provided that in any case such transfer shall not cause a Domestic Subsidiary to become a Foreign Subsidiary; 

(e) for the sale or other disposition by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any assets described on Schedule 9.6 hereto
consummated after the Execution Date, provided that such sale or other disposition shall be made for fair value on an arms-length basis; 

(f) for the sale or other disposition by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of other assets consummated after the Execution
Date, provided that (i) such sale or other disposition shall be made for fair value on an arms-length basis and (ii) the consideration for such sale or other disposition consists of cash
and Cash Equivalents, assets (other than capital stock and equity interests) which can be employed in the same business as the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries are engaged in or a related business and promissory notes and other debt
obligations of the purchaser of the assets being sold or disposed of, provided that not more than 25% of the purchase price payable in connection with any such sale or disposition shall be in the form of promissory notes or other debt
obligations of the purchaser of such assets; 

(g) any leases or licenses of property in the ordinary course of business; 

(h) any leases or licenses of any intellectual property or intangible assets or entering into any franchise agreement in the ordinary course
of business; 

(i) sales, conveyances, transfers or other dispositions of personal property, leases and other assets of the Company and its
Restricted Subsidiaries not permitted under paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above, having an aggregate fair market value not exceeding $5,000,000 in each fiscal year; and 

115 

(j) any disposition, transfer, sale or assignment (i) permitted under Section 9.5
(other than any described in paragraph (e) of Section 9.5) or (ii) arising from any Sale and Leaseback Transaction permitted under Section 9.16. 

The Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall not convey, sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any material trademarks
except as permitted by paragraphs (e), (g), (h) and (j) above. On or prior to giving effect to any disposition of assets by the Company which would impact the calculation of the Borrowing Base in an amount in excess of $2,500,000, the Company
shall have delivered an updated Borrowing Base Calculation setting forth the calculation of the Borrowing Base after giving effect to such disposition. 

9.7 Limitation on Investments, Loans and Advances. Make any advance, loan, extension of credit or capital contribution to, or
purchase any stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities of, or any assets constituting a business unit of, or make or maintain any other investment (each an Investment and, collectively,
Investments) in, any Person, except (subject to the final sentence of this Section 9.7) the following: 

(a) (i) loans or advances in respect of intercompany accounts attributable to the operation of the Companys cash management system,
(ii) loans or advances by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary for working capital needs so long as such loans or advances constitute Indebtedness of the primary obligor that is not subordinate to
any other Indebtedness of such obligor and, if evidenced by a promissory note, instrument or other writing and owed to the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor, shall be pledged to the Collateral Agent, and provided that the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of all such loans, when aggregated with the aggregate amount of all Investments made by the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries in its Subsidiaries pursuant to paragraph (b)(i) below, shall not exceed the greater of
(A) $5,000,000 and (B) an amount equal to 10% of Consolidated EBITDA (calculated as of the most recently ended Measurement Period and tested as of the date such loans or advances are made), (iii) loans or advances to the Company or any
Subsidiary Guarantor which are subordinated to the Obligations on the terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit F and (iv) loans or advances by any Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party to any other Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party;

(b) (i) Investments by the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor in Domestic Subsidiaries of the Company that are not Credit Parties in
an aggregate amount, when taken together with the aggregate amount of all outstanding loans and advances made pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) above, not exceeding the greater of (A) $5,000,000 and (B) an amount equal to 10% of Consolidated EBITDA
(calculated as of the most recently ended Measurement Period and tested as of the date such Investments are made); (ii) Investments by the Company or a Domestic Subsidiary in Foreign Subsidiaries of the Company in an aggregate amount not exceeding
$2,500,000 for all such Investments made or committed to be made from and after the Execution Date plus an amount equal to any returns of capital or sales proceeds actually received in cash in respect of any such Investments (which amount shall not
exceed the amount of such investment valued at cost at the time such investment was made); and (iii) Investments by any Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party in any other Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party; 

116 

(c) Investments by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in Restricted
Subsidiaries of the Company which are Credit Parties; 

(d) any Domestic Subsidiary of the Company which is not a Credit Party may make
Investments in the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary (by way of capital contribution or otherwise), and any Foreign Subsidiary of the Company may make Investments in the Company or any other Foreign Subsidiary (by way of capital contribution or
otherwise); 

(e) the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary may invest in, acquire and hold cash and Cash Equivalents, subject to Control
Agreements in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders or otherwise subject to a perfected security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders; 

(f) the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may make travel and entertainment advances and relocation loans in the ordinary course
of business to officers, employees and agents of the Company or any such Restricted Subsidiary, in an aggregate outstanding amount not exceeding $250,000 at any time for all such advances and relocation loans; 

(g) the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may make payroll advances in the ordinary course of business; 

(h) the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may acquire and hold receivables owing to it, if created or acquired in the ordinary
course of business and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary trade terms (provided that nothing in this paragraph (h) shall prevent the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary from offering such concessionary trade terms, or
from receiving such Investments in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of their respective suppliers or customers or the settlement of disputes with such customers or suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business, as management
deems reasonable in the circumstances); 

(i) the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries may hold Investments received as consideration in
connection with asset sales permitted by Section 9.6 or to which the Required Lenders consent; 

(j) Investments, loans and advances
of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary existing on the Execution Date and described on Schedule 9.7 hereto; 

(k) so long as the
Payment Conditions are satisfied immediately before any transaction under this paragraph (k) and after giving effect to such transaction (and after giving effect to loans, advances and investments in connection therewith or pursuant thereto),
the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries may make Permitted Foreign Acquisitions and Investments in Permitted Joint Ventures, provided that no Permitted Foreign Acquisition or Permitted Joint Venture may be made of, with or in
consideration of any assets which before or after giving effect to such Investment are (or are required to be) Collateral other than as required under Section 8.10; 

117 

(l) Investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or
settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

(m)
additional Investments (other than Permitted Acquisitions) if the Payment Conditions are satisfied; and 

(n) Permitted Acquisitions;
provided that if any Person shall become a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company by virtue of a Permitted Acquisition, then, unless all or substantially all of the assets of such Person are transferred to the Company (by merger of such Person
with and into the Company or otherwise) within sixty (60) days after the date such Person first become a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company, the Company shall cause such Person to become a Credit Party and shall cause each such Person to comply
with the requirements set forth in Section 8.10. 

9.8 Amendments to Organizational Documents; Amendments to Notes
Documents. 

(a) No Credit Party will, nor will they permit any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries to, amend, modify or waive
any of its rights under its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents,in each case if the effect of such amendment, modification or waiver would be materially adverse
to the Lenders. 

(b) No Credit Party will, nor will they permit any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries to, amend, modify or
supplement any Notes Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and Required Lenders if the effect of any such amendment, modification or supplement results in (i) imposition of any restriction or limitation
on the Credit Parties ability to effect any amendment, modification or supplement of this Agreement or any other Credit Document in a manner that is materially more restrictive or limiting than any restriction or limitation contained in any
Notes Document in effect as of the Funding Date, (ii) any change or other modification to the method of computing interest, or any increase to the interest provisions applicable to the Senior Notes, such that the cash pay interest rate is
increased by more than 2.00% per annum (excluding increases resulting from (A) increases in any underlying reference rate not caused by an amendment, supplement or modification, (B) the accrual of interest at the default rate, and
(C) the establishment of interest rates with respect to any incremental facilities or additional note issuances incurred pursuant to the Notes Documents and the application of any yield differential or most-favored-lender protections in
furtherance thereof), (iii) an increase to the amount of any scheduled principal repayments or mandatory prepayments (other than in furtherance of any incremental facilities or additional note issuances incurred pursuant to the Notes Documents), or
a shortening or reduction to the scheduled final maturity date of the Senior Notes, in each case in effect as of the Funding Date, or (iv) any modification or addition of any covenant or event of default under any Notes Document which directly
restricts one or more Credit Parties from making payments under this Agreement which would otherwise be permitted under the Notes Documents as in effect on the Funding Date. 

118 

9.9 Restricted Payments. No Credit Party will declare or pay any dividends on
any shares of any class of stock, or make any payment on account of, or set apart assets for a sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition of any shares of any class of stock, whether now or
hereafter outstanding, or make any other distribution in respect thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or property or in obligations of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or pay any management fee to any Affiliate,
or redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire any of its Equity Interests at any time outstanding (collectively, Restricted Payments), except that: 

(a) Restricted Subsidiaries may pay dividends directly or indirectly to the Company or to Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiaries that are
Restricted Subsidiaries (or on a pro rata basis to the owners of such Restricted Subsidiarys Equity Interests) and Foreign Subsidiaries may pay dividends directly or indirectly to Foreign Subsidiaries which are directly or indirectly
wholly-owned by the Company or are Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(b) the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries may pay or make dividends or
distributions to any holder of its capital stock in the form of additional shares of capital stock of the same class and type, and the Company may convert any shares of capital of one class or type (including, for the avoidance of doubt, preferred
equity) into common Equity Interests of the Company; 

(c) the Company may effect Qualified Stock Repurchases if the Payment Conditions are
satisfied; and 

(d) the Company may declare and pay cash dividends or cash distributions to any holders of its Equity Interests, provided
that both immediately before such payment is made and immediately after giving effect thereto, the Payment Conditions shall be satisfied. 

9.10 Transaction with Affiliates. Enter into after the date hereof any transaction, including, without limitation, any purchase,
sale, lease or exchange of property or the rendering of any service, with any Affiliate except (a) for transactions which are otherwise permitted under this Agreement and which are in the ordinary course of the Companys or a
Subsidiarys business and which are upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Company or such Subsidiary than it would obtain in a hypothetical comparable arms length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate, or
(b) as permitted under Section 9.2(b), Sections 9.2(j)(i), 9.2(j)(iii), 9.2(j)(vi) and 9.2(j)(vii), Section 9.3(l), Section 9.5, Sections 9.6(c), 9.6(d) and 9.6(i), Section 9.7 and Section 9.9, (c) transactions among
the Company and its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries not prohibited under this Agreement or (d) as set forth on Schedule 9.10; provided that nothing in this Section 9.10 shall prohibit the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries from
engaging in the following transactions: (x) the performance of the Companys or any Restricted Subsidiarys obligations under any employment contract, collective bargaining agreement, employee benefit plan, related trust agreement or
any other similar arrangement heretofore or hereafter entered into in the ordinary course of business, (y) the payment of compensation to employees, officers, directors or consultants in the ordinary course of business or (z) the
maintenance of benefit programs or arrangements for employees, officers or directors, including, without limitation, vacation plans, health and life insurance plans, deferred compensation plans, and retirement or savings plans and similar plans, in
each case, in the ordinary course of business. 

119 

9.11 Swap Contracts. No Credit Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary
to, enter into any Swap Contract, except (a) Swap Contracts entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Company or any Subsidiary has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Equity Interests or Indebtedness restricted pursuant
to Section 9.12 of the Company or any Subsidiary) and (b) Swap Contracts entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from floating to fixed rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or
otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

9.12 Other
Indebtedness. 

(a) Prepay, redeem, purchase, acquire, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any
manner any Material Indebtedness, except for: (i) regularly scheduled or required repayments or redemptions of Material Indebtedness (including, for the avoidance of doubt, regularly scheduled amortization payments and any mandatory
prepayments, in each case, in respect of the Senior Notes pursuant to the Notes Documents as in effect on the Funding Date (other than any mandatory prepayments in connection with any excess cash flow sweep under the Notes Documents));
(ii) any optional or mandatory prepayment or other satisfaction of Material Indebtedness with cash proceeds of common Equity Interests issued by the Company; provided that in the case of this clause (ii), such cash proceeds of Equity Interests shall
be applied to any such prepayment or other satisfaction of Material Indebtedness within ninety (90) days of receipt thereof; (iii) any prepayment or other satisfaction of Material Indebtedness pursuant to the conversion or exchange of such
Material Indebtedness for common Equity Interests issued by the Company; and (iv) any other prepayments or other satisfaction of Material Indebtedness (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any mandatory prepayments in connection with any
excess cash flow sweep under the Notes Documents as in effect on the Funding Date) if the Payment Conditions are satisfied (it being understood and agreed that all other mandatory prepayments under the Notes Documents and any other
Material Indebtedness are subject to clause (i) of this Section 9.12). 

(b) With respect to any financing documentation related
to Material Indebtedness (permitted under this Agreement), the Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to amend, modify or change such documentation in any manner materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders,
it being understood that an amendment shall be deemed to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders if the effect of such amendment is (i) to cause such Material Indebtedness to mature prior to the date that is ninety one
(91) days following the Scheduled Maturity Date, or (ii) to cause such Material Indebtedness to provide for any scheduled amortization or mandatory prepayments prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (other than customary asset sale events,
insurance and condemnation proceeds events, change of control offers or events of default, AHYDO catch-up payments, and, if secured, excess cash flow sweeps and regularly scheduled principal amortization
payments). 

(c) Make any payment in violation of any subordination terms of any Indebtedness. 

9.13 Fiscal Year. Permit the fiscal year of the Company to end on a day other than December 31, unless the Company shall
have given at least forty-five (45) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent. 

120 

9.14 Restrictive Agreements. No Credit Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary
to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of such Credit Party or any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to
exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, or (b) the ability of such Credit Party or Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to the Company or
any other Subsidiary or to guarantee Indebtedness of the Company or any other Subsidiary; provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by any Requirement of Law or by any Credit Document,
(ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the date hereof identified on Schedule 9.14 (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such
restriction or condition), (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale, provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only
to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iv) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to Indebtedness expressly permitted by this Agreement and
(v) paragraph (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof. 

9.15
Limitation on Guarantees. The Company will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly, or indirectly, incur or assume any guarantee of any Indebtedness of any other entity, unless such Restricted Subsidiary is already a Credit
Party or contemporaneously therewith, effective provision is made to guarantee the Obligations equally and ratably with (or on a senior secured basis to, if applicable) such other Indebtedness for so long as such other Indebtedness is so guaranteed.
Any guarantee required to be given under this Section 9.15 shall be pursuant to the Guaranty or another similar agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 

9.16 Sale andLeaseback Transactions. No Credit Party will, nor will any Credit Party permit any
Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement or arrangements, with any Person providing for the leasing by any Credit Party or any Subsidiary of real or personal property that has been or is to be sold or transferred by any Credit Party to such Person
or to any other person to whom funds have been or are to be advanced by such person on the security of such property or rental obligations of such Credit Party (a Sale and Leaseback Transaction), except for (i) any
Motor Vehicle Sale and Leaseback Transaction which does not cause the total aggregate liability under all Motor Vehicle Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted under this subclause (i) to exceed $20,000,000 at any time and (ii) any other
Sale and Leaseback Transaction which satisfies each of the following requirements: 

(a) a Sale and Leaseback Transaction for the sale or
transfer of any fixed or capital assets which are made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset and which is consummated within ninety (90) days after such Credit Party acquires or
completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset; and 

(b) a Sale and Leaseback Transaction which does not cause the total
aggregate liability under all Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted under this Section 9.16(b) to exceed $10,000,000 at any time. 

9.17 Unrestricted Subsidiaries. The Company will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, incur, assume,
guarantee or be or become liable for any Indebtedness of any of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries, and will not permit any Unrestricted Subsidiary to hold any Equity Interest in, or any Indebtedness of, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary. 

121 

9.18 Net Capital Expenditures. The Company will not, and will not permit any
of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, incur or make Net Capital Expenditures after the Execution Date in an aggregate amount exceeding the greater of (a) $65,000,000 during any Measurement Period and (b) 7.00% of revenues of such Measurement Period,
provided, that, such amounts shall be calculated on a pro forma basis to give effect to any Subject Transactions as if it occurred on the first day of the Measurement Period; provided, that, for purposes of testing compliance with this
Section 9.18, as of the last day of (x) the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Execution Date, Net Capital Expenditures shall be the amount of Net Capital Expenditures for such fiscal quarter then-ended
multiplied by 4, (y) the second full fiscal quarter ending after the Execution Date, Net Capital Expenditures shall be the amount of Net Capital Expenditures for the two fiscal quarters then-ended multiplied by 2 and (z) the third full fiscal
quarter ending after the Execution Date, Net Capital Expenditures shall be the amount of Net Capital Expenditures for the three fiscal quarters then-ended multiplied by 4/3. 

9.19 Independence of Covenants. All covenants contained herein shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action
or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that such action or condition would be permitted by an exception to, or otherwise be within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a Default if such
action is taken or condition exists. 

10. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

10.1 Events of Default. Upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) the Company shall fail (i) to pay any principal of any Loan when due in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to reimburse an
L/C Issuer in accordance with Section 2.6 or (ii) to pay any interest on any Loan or any fees or other amount payable hereunder and (to the extent that the Administrative Agent does not charge the Loan Account therefor), within three
(3) Business Days after any such interest or other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms thereof or hereof; 

(b) any
representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Credit Party in any Credit Document or which is contained in any certificate, guarantee, document or financial or other statement furnished under or in connection with this Agreement shall prove
to have been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made; 

(c) the Company shall default in the observance
or performance of any agreement contained in Sections 2.2, 8.1, 8.2, 8.8, 8.9, 8.10, 8.15, or Article 9 of this Agreement or Section 3.6 of the Pledge and Security Agreement, provided that, (i) with respect to any default in the
observance or performance of any agreement contained in Sections 8.2(c) through (e), 8.8 and 8.9(a)(ii) through (iv), such default shall continue unremedied for a period of ten (10) days and (ii) with respect to any default in the
observance or performance of any agreement contained in Section 8.2(f), such default shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) days (or, during the requirement to provide Borrowing Base Calculations on a weekly basis, one
(1) Business Day); 

122 

(d) any Credit Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other term,
covenant, or agreement contained in any Credit Document, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days; 

(e) the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall (i) default in any payment of principal of or interest on any Indebtedness
(other than the Loans, the Revolving L/C Obligations and any intercompany debt (which, if any such intercompany debt consists of loans or advances to the Company or to one or more Subsidiary Guarantors, is subordinated to the Obligations on the
terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit F)) or in the payment of any Contingent Obligation or in any payment obligation under any Sale and Leaseback Transaction (a Sale and Leaseback Obligation), beyond the period of
grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness, Sale and Leaseback Obligation or Contingent Obligation was created; or (ii) default in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition
relating to any such Indebtedness, Sale and Leaseback Obligation or Contingent Obligation or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which
default or other event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Sale and Leaseback Obligation or Contingent Obligation (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder
or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity, any applicable grace period having expired, or such Sale and Leaseback Obligation or
Contingent Obligation to become payable, any applicable grace period having expired, provided that the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness, Sale and Leaseback Obligations and Contingent Obligations which would then become due
or payable as described in this Section 10.1(e) would equal or exceed $5,000,000; 

(f) (i) the Company or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (A) under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order
for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief
with respect to it or its debts, or (B) seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets, or the Company or any such Restricted Subsidiary shall make a
general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (ii) there shall be commenced against the Company or any such Restricted Subsidiary any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above which
(A) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment or (B) remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of sixty (60) days; or (iii) there shall be commenced against the Company
or any such Restricted Subsidiary any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets which results in the entry of an order for
any such relief which shall not have been vacated, discharged, or stayed or bonded pending appeal within sixty (60) days from the entry thereof; or (iv) the Company or any such Restricted Subsidiary shall take any action in furtherance of,
or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above; or (v) the Company or any such Restricted Subsidiary shall generally not, or shall be unable to, or shall admit
in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due; 

123 

(g) (i) any failure to meet the minimum funding standard (as defined in
Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, shall exist with respect to any Single Employer Plan, (ii) a Reportable Event (other than a Reportable Event with respect to which the 30-day notice
requirement under Section 4043 of ERISA has been waived) shall occur with respect to, or proceedings to have a trustee appointed shall commence with respect to, or a trustee shall be appointed to administer or to terminate, any Single Employer
Plan, which Reportable Event or institution of proceedings or appointment of a trustee is, in the reasonable opinion of the Required Lenders, likely to result in the termination of such Plan for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, and, in the case of a
Reportable Event, such Reportable Event shall continue unremedied for ten (10) days after notice of such Reportable Event pursuant to Section 4043(a), (c) or (d) of ERISA is given and, in the case of the institution of proceedings,
such proceedings shall continue for ten (10) days after commencement thereof or (iii) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, either alone or together with any other ERISA Event, results in liability of the Company or any Material
Subsidiary in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(h) one or more judgments or
decrees shall be entered against the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries involving in the aggregate a liability (not paid or fully covered by insurance or indemnity) of $2,500,000 or more to the extent that all such judgments or decrees
shall remain unpaid or undischarged for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days without the same having been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within the time required by the terms of such judgments or decrees; 

(i) except as contemplated by this Agreement or any other Credit Document, any Credit Document shall cease, for any reason, or in any material
respect, to be in full force and effect or any party thereto shall so assert in writing; 

(j) except as contemplated by this Agreement or
as provided in Section 12.1, (i) any Credit Party shall breach any covenant or agreement contained in any Collateral Document with the effect that such Collateral Document shall cease to be in full force and effect, (ii) any Credit Party
shall assert in writing that any Collateral Document is no longer in full force or effect, (iii) any Lien granted by any Collateral Document shall cease to be enforceable or is no longer a first priority Lien or (iv) any guarantee under
any Credit Document shall cease to be enforceable; or 

(k) a Change of Control shall occur; 

then, and in any such event, (i) if such event is an Event of Default with respect to the Company specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph
(f) above, automatically (A) the Commitments and each L/C Issuers obligation to issue Letters of Credit shall immediately terminate and the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this
Agreement and the Loans shall immediately become due and payable, (B) all obligations of the Company in respect of the Letters of Credit, although contingent and unmatured, shall become immediately due and payable and each L/C Issuers
obligation to issue Letters of Credit shall immediately terminate, and (C) the obligation of the Company to Cash Collateralize the Revolving L/C Obligations shall automatically become effective; and (ii) if such event is any other Event of
Default, so long as any such Event of Default shall be continuing, either or both of the following actions may be taken: (A) with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent 

124 

may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Company declare the Commitments and each L/C Issuers obligation to issue Letters of Credit
to be terminated forthwith, whereupon the Commitments and such obligation shall immediately terminate; and (B) with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the
Administrative Agent shall, by notice of default to the Company (x) declare all or a portion of the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the Loans to be due and payable forthwith,
whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable, and (y) declare all or a portion of the obligations of the Company in respect of the Letters of Credit, although contingent and unmatured, to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon
the same shall immediately become due and payable and/or demand that the Company discharge any or all of the obligations supported by the Letters of Credit by paying or prepaying any amount due or to become due in respect of such obligations. All
payments under this Article 10 on account of undrawn Letters of Credit shall be made by the Company directly to a Cash Collateral Account established by the Administrative Agent for such purpose for application to the Companys reimbursement
obligations under Section 2.6 as drafts are presented under the Letters of Credit, with the balance, if any, to be applied to the Companys obligations under this Agreement and the Loans as the Administrative Agent shall determine with the
approval of the Required Lenders. Except as expressly provided above in this Article 10, presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind are hereby expressly waived. 

10.2 Certain Remedies with Respect to the FILO Credit Facility. 

If any FILO Credit Specified Event of Default occurs and is continuing and the FILO Standstill Period has expired, the Administrative Agent,
at the written request of the FILO Administrative Agent, shall, within a reasonable time after receipt of such request (but in any event within two (2) Business Days with respect to clause (a) below, it being agreed that if the
Administrative Agent fails to take such requested action described in clause (a) below within such two (2) Business Day period, the FILO Administrative Agent may take such action directly) take any or all of the following actions: 

(a) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding FILO Credit Loans (including any applicable early termination fee), all
interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Credit Document in respect of the FILO Credit Obligations to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Credit Parties; and 

(b) exercise on behalf of itself and the FILO
Credit Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the FILO Credit Lenders under the Credit Documents or applicable Law, including commencing and prosecuting any suits, actions or proceedings at law or in equity in any court of competent
jurisdiction and collecting the Collateral or any portion thereof and enforcing any other right in respect of any Collateral, all in such manner as the FILO Administrative Agent may determine in its reasonable discretion;
provided, that, that none of the FILO Credit Lenders or the FILO Administrative Agent will request or direct the Administrative Agent to commence or continue the exercise of any secured creditor remedies or direct or request the
Administrative Agent to seek or continue any rights and remedies under this Agreement, any of the other Credit Documents or applicable Law on behalf of the FILO Credit Lenders so long as the Administrative Agent is diligently pursuing in good faith
the exercise of its rights and remedies against all or a material portion of the Collateral, including through actions taken by the Credit Parties with the consent of the Administrative Agent. 

125 

10.3 Equity Cure. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 10.1, but subject to Section 10.3(b), solely for the purpose of
determining whether an Event of Default has occurred under the financial covenant set forth in Section 9.1 as of the end of and for any Measurement Period (such period, a Cure Month), the then existing direct or indirect
equity holders of the Company shall have the right to make an equity investment, directly or indirectly, in the Company in cash on or prior to the fifteenth Business Day after the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered
pursuant to Section 8.1(b) with respect to such Cure Month (the Cure Expiration Date), and such cash actually received by the Company will, if so designated by the Company, be deemed to be a dollar-for-dollar increase to the amount of Consolidated EBITDA solely for purposes of determining compliance with Section 9.1 as of the end of and for the Measurement Period ending on the last day of
such Cure Month and any Measurement Periods ending on the last day of any applicable subsequent fiscal months that include the Cure Month (any such equity contribution so included in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA, an Equity Cure
Contribution, and the amount of such Equity Cure Contribution, the Cure Amount). All Equity Cure Contributions shall be disregarded for all purposes of this Agreement other than as a dollar-for-dollar increase to Consolidated EBITDA for the purpose of determining compliance with Section 9.1 as of the end of and for the Measurement Period ending on the last day of such Cure Month and
any Measurement Periods ending on the last day of any applicable subsequent fiscal months that include the Cure Month. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 10.1, (i) upon receipt of the Cure Amount in cash by the
Company in no greater than the amount necessary to cause the Company to be in compliance with Section 9.1 as of the end of and for the Measurement Period ending on the last day of such Cure Month, the financial covenant under Section 9.1
shall be deemed satisfied and complied with as of the end of and for such Measurement Period with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply with such financial covenant, and any Default or Event of Default related to any failure
to comply with Section 9.1 shall be deemed not to have occurred for purposes hereof, and (ii) upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of a notice from the Company no later than five (5) Business days after the date on which financial
statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 8.1(b) (Notice of Intent to Cure) and through the Cure Expiration Date: (A) none of the Administrative Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent or any Lender shall exercise any of the remedial rights otherwise available to it upon an Event of Default, including the right to accelerate the Loans, to terminate Commitments or to foreclose on the Collateral solely on the basis of an Event
of Default having occurred as a result of a violation of Section 9.1, unless the Equity Cure Contribution is not made on or before the Cure Expiration Date, and (B) if the Equity Cure Contribution is not made on or before the Cure
Expiration Date, the Administrative Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and any Lender may thereafter take any actions or remedies pursuant to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents; provided, that prior to the
timely making of an Equity Cure Contribution, the Lenders shall have no obligation to make additional loans or otherwise extend additional credit hereunder. 

126 

(b) There shall be no more than five (5) Equity Cure Contributions made during the term
of this Agreement and no more than three (3) Equity Cure Contributions made during any fiscal year. No Equity Cure Contribution shall be any greater than the minimum amount required for the Company to be in compliance with Section 9.1 in
the applicable Cure Month. 

11. The Administrative Agent; The Collateral Agent; The L/C Issuers. 

11.1 Appointment. 

(a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably designates and appoints Eclipse as the Administrative Agent under this Agreement and irrevocably authorizes
Eclipse as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent for such Lender and such Secured Party to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of the Credit Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated
to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent by the terms of the Credit Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 

(b) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, none of the Agents shall have any duties or responsibilities,
except those expressly set forth herein, and no fiduciary relationship with any Lender, implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into the Credit Documents against any Agent. The Company and
each other Credit Party acknowledges and agrees that the Agents, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company, the other Credit Parties and
their respective Affiliates, and neither any Agent nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Company or any other Credit Party or any of their respective Affiliates. 

(c) Lead Arranger, in its capacity as such, shall have no right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement
other than those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, Lead Arranger shall not have nor be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender hereby makes the same acknowledgments with respect to the
Lead Arranger in their capacity as such as it makes with respect to the Agents in the preceding paragraph (b). 

11.2 Delegation
of Duties. The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement and each of the other Credit Documents by or through agents or
attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent
may appoint any of its affiliates as its agent to perform the functions of the Administrative Agent hereunder relating to the advancing of funds to the Company and distribution of funds to the Lenders and to perform such other related functions of
the Administrative Agent hereunder as are reasonably incidental to such functions. Each Collateral Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement and each of the other Credit Documents by or through agents or
attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Without limiting the foregoing, each Collateral Agent may
appoint any of its affiliates as its agent to perform the functions of the Collateral Agent hereunder relating to the advancing of funds to the Company and distribution of funds to the Lenders and to perform such other related functions of the
Collateral Agent hereunder as are reasonably incidental to such functions. None of the Agents shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or
attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care, except as otherwise provided in Section 11.3. 

127 

11.3 Exculpatory Provisions. Neither any Agent nor any of its officers,
directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact, Affiliates or Subsidiaries shall be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such
Person under or in connection with the Credit Documents (except for its or such Persons own gross negligence or willful misconduct to the extent determined by a final, nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), or
(ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Credit Party or any officer thereof contained in the Credit Documents or in any certificate, report, statement or other
document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Agents under or in connection with, the Credit Documents or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of the Credit Documents (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agents reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by facsimile, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for
any failure of any Credit Party to perform its obligations thereunder. None of the Agents shall be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions
of, any Credit Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Credit Party. 

11.4 Reliance by Administrative
Agent or Collateral Agent. Any Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any note, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, telecopy, electronic
message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including, without
limitation, counsel to the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by any Agent. The Agents may deem and treat the payee of any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes unless a written notice of assignment, negotiation or
transfer thereof shall have been filed with the Agents. The Agents shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any Credit Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders (or,
where unanimous consent of the Lenders is expressly required hereunder, such Lenders) as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it
by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Agents shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under any Credit Document in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders and such request and
any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders and all future holders of the Notes. 

11.5
Notice of Default. None of the Agents shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder unless such Agent has received written notice from a Lender or the Company referring to this
Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default. In the event that any Agent receives such a notice, such Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Lenders. The
Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be directed by the Required Lenders; provided that (i) the Administrative Agent shall not

128 

be required to take any action that exposes the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law and (ii) unless and until the Administrative Agent
shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests
of the Lenders. 

11.6 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, FILO
Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger and Other Lenders. Each Lender expressly acknowledges that none of the Agents, the FILO Administrative Agent or Lead Arranger nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact, Subsidiaries or Affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by any Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent or Lead Arranger
hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Credit Parties, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by such Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent or Lead Arranger to any Lender. Each Lender represents to each
Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Credit Parties and made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder, issue and participate
in the Letters of Credit and enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent, Lead Arranger or any other Lender, and based on such documents and
information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Documents, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself
as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Credit Parties. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent
hereunder, none of the Agents, the FILO Administrative Agent or Lead Arranger shall have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, financial condition, assets, liabilities, net
assets, properties, results of operations, value, prospects and other condition or creditworthiness of the Credit Parties which may come into the possession of any Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent, or Lead Arranger or any of their officers,
directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact, Affiliates or Subsidiaries. 

11.7 Indemnification. The Lenders severally agree to indemnify each of the Agents in its capacity as such (to the extent not
reimbursed by the Credit Parties and without limiting the obligation of the Credit Parties to do so), ratably according to the respective amounts of their respective Commitments (or, to the extent such Commitments have been terminated, according to
the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Loans and obligations, and whether as an L/C Issuer or a Participating Lender, with respect to Letters of Credit), in each case determined as of the time the applicable unreimbursed expense,
obligation, loss or other amount is sought, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever which may at any time (including
without limitation at any time following the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any Agent in any way relating to or arising out of the Credit Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or the
transactions contemplated hereby or any action taken or omitted by any Agent under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that no Lender 

129 

shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting solely from any
Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The agreements contained in this Section 11.7 shall survive the
payment of all amounts payable hereunder. 

11.8 Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent in its Individual Capacity.
The Agents and their Affiliates and Subsidiaries may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with the Credit Parties as though each Agent were not each Agent hereunder. With respect to its Loans made or
renewed by it and any Letter of Credit issued by or participated in by it, each of the Agents shall have the same rights and powers, duties and liabilities under the Credit Documents as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an
Agent and the terms Lender and Lenders shall include each Agent in its individual capacities. 

11.9
Successor Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent. Any Agent and the FILO Administrative Agent may resign as Agent upon thirty (30) days notice to the Lenders. If the Administrative Agent shall resign as Administrative
Agent under the Credit Documents, then the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders which successor agent shall be approved by the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld,
provided that no such consent shall be required upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default) and which appointment shall be agreed by such successor agent, whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the rights,
powers and duties of the Administrative Agent and the term Administrative Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon its appointment, and the former Administrative Agents rights, powers and duties as
Administrative Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. If the Collateral Agent shall resign as Collateral Agent under the Credit
Documents, then the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders which successor agent shall be approved by the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) and which appointment shall be
agreed by such successor agent, whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of a Collateral Agent and the term Collateral Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon its
appointment, and the former Collateral Agents rights, powers and duties as Collateral Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Collateral Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement.
After any retiring Agents resignation hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this Article 11 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under the Credit Documents. 

Any resignation by Eclipse as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute resignation by each then applicable L/C
Issuer as an L/C Issuer hereunder, unless otherwise confirmed in writing by such L/C Issuer. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all
of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer as a retiring L/C Issuer, (ii) any retiring L/C Issuer shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations in such capacities hereunder or under the other Credit Documents and
(iii) a successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, issued by any retiring L/C Issuer outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to each retiring
L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of such retiring L/C Issuer as issuer of such Letters of Credit. 

130 

11.10 L/C Issuer as Issuer of Letters of Credit. Each
Lender hereby acknowledges that the provisions of this Article 11 shall apply to each L/C Issuer, in its capacity as issuer of any Letter of Credit, in the same manner as such provisions are expressly stated to apply to the Administrative Agent.

11.11 CertainERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from
the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and its respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of
the Company, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets
(within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement; 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a
class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions
involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect
to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, and the conditions for exemptive relief thereunder are and will continue to be
satisfied in connection therewith; 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified
Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in,
administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement
satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection
(a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this
Agreement; or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative
Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

131 

(b) In addition, unless clause (i) in the immediately preceding paragraph (a) is
true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in clause (iv) in the immediately preceding paragraph (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date
such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and its respective
Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company, that none of the Administrative Agent or any of its respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders
entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this
Agreement, any Credit Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

(c) The Administrative Agent and Lead Arranger hereby informs
the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions
contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Credit Documents, (ii) may recognize
a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other
payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Credit Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees,
administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees,
breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 

11.12 Credit Bidding. The Secured Parties hereby
irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations
pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the
Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Credit Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of
debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the
Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent
interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or
assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase);provided, that, notwithstanding anything to the

132 

contrary set forth in this Agreement other than the following paragraph, the consent of the FILO Administrative Agent shall be required to credit bid any or all of the FILO Credit Obligations. In
connection with any such bid, (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (ii) each of the Secured Parties
ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be
authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the
assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the
governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in
Section 12.1 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Obligations which were credit bid,
interests, whether as equity, partnership interests, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or
acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the
amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata with their
original interest in such Obligations and the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition
vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute
such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and/or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the foregoing paragraph, each of the Secured Parties hereby agrees that the
Administrative Agent may, on behalf of itself and the other Revolving Credit Secured Parties, credit bid the Revolving Credit Obligations in accordance with Section 363(k) of the United States Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision of other
applicable Law, including the Uniform Commercial Code), and each FILO Credit Secured Party agrees not to object to (and shall be deemed to consent to) such credit bid, so long as such credit bid does not exceed the amount of the Revolving Credit
Obligations. Each of the Secured Parties hereby agrees that the FILO Administrative Agent may direct the Administrative Agent to, on behalf of the FILO Credit Secured Parties, credit bid the FILO Credit Obligations in accordance with
Section 363(k) of the United States Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision of other applicable Law, including the Uniform Commercial Code), and the Administrative Agent agrees to take such direction from the FILO Administrative Agent

133 

and to not object thereto (and shall be deemed to consent thereto), in each case, so long as such credit bid does not exceed the amount of the FILO Credit Obligations and all Revolving Credit
Obligations shall be Paid in Full in cash upon the effectiveness of any such sale under Section 363 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision of other applicable Law) (and any such credit bid of the FILO Credit Obligations
shall provide for the same). The Secured Parties hereby agree that, in the event the Administrative Agent takes any action to credit bid the FILO Credit Obligations upon the direction of the FILO Administrative Agent on behalf of the FILO Credit
Secured Parties, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to all of the benefits of Article 11in connection with such action. 

11.13 Acknowledgments of Lenders and L/C Issuers. 

(a) (i) Each Lender and each L/C Issuer hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender or such L/C
Issuer that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender or such L/C Issuer from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of
principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Lender or such L/C Issuer (whether or not known to such Lender or such L/C Issuer), and demands the
return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing),
return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in
respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or such L/C Issuer to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by
the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall not assert, and hereby waives, as
to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments
received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or L/C Issuer under this Section 11.13(a) shall be conclusive, absent
manifest error. 

(ii) Each Lender and each L/C Issuer hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the
Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a
Payment Notice) or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer
agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the
Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any
such Payment (or portion 

134 

thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and
including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or such L/C Issuer to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in
accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

(iii) The Company hereby
agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender or any L/C Issuer that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all
the rights of such Lender or such L/C Issuer with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Company or any other Credit Party, except, in each
case, to the extent that such erroneous Payment (or any portion thereof) is, and solely with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds of the Company or any other Credit Party. 

(iv) Each partys obligations under this Section 11.13(a) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the
Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or L/C Issuer, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Credit Document. 

(b) Each Lender represents that, in participating as a Lender, it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing
other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or L/C Issuer, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of investing in the general performance or operations of the Company, or for the purpose of
purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument such as a security (and each Lender and each L/C Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing, such as a claim under the federal or state securities
laws). 

11.14 Collateral Matters. 

(a) The Collateral Agent is authorized on behalf of the Secured Parties, without the necessity of any notice to or further consent from the
Secured Parties, from time to time, to take any actions with respect to any Collateral or Collateral Documents which may be necessary to perfect and maintain the Liens upon the Collateral granted pursuant to the Collateral Documents. The Collateral
Agent is further authorized (but not obligated) on behalf of the Secured Parties, without the necessity of any notice to or further consent from the Secured Parties, from time to time, to take any action (other than enforcement actions requiring the
consent of, or request by, the Required Lenders) in exigent circumstances as may be reasonably necessary to preserve any rights or privileges of the Lenders under the Credit Documents or applicable laws. 

135 

(b) The Lenders hereby, and any other Secured Party by accepting the benefit of the Liens
granted pursuant to the Collateral Documents, irrevocably authorize the Collateral Agent to (i) release any Lien granted to or held by the Collateral Agent upon any Collateral (a) upon payment in full of the Obligations;
(b) constituting Property sold or to be sold or disposed of as part of or in connection with any disposition permitted under this Agreement or any other Credit Document; (c) constituting Property in which no Credit Party owned an interest
at the time the Lien was granted or at any time thereafter; or (d) constituting Property leased to any Credit Party under a lease which has expired or has been terminated in a transaction permitted under this Agreement or is about to expire and
which has not been, and is not intended by such Credit Party to be, renewed or extended; (ii) release a Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty and any other applicable Credit Document if such Person ceases to be a
Restricted Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under this Agreement; and (iii) enter into the Intercreditor Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall have the benefit of
the provisions of Article 11 of this Agreement with respect to all actions taken by it pursuant to this Section 11.14(b) or in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement to the full extent thereof. In addition, each of the
Secured Parties hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and/or any successor agent (A) to execute or to enter into amendments of or supplements to, amendments and restatements of, waivers or other modifications of the
Collateral Documents, the Intercreditor Agreement and any additional or replacement intercreditor agreements, in each case, in order to effect the subordination of, and to provide for certain additional rights, obligations and limitations in respect
of, any Liens that are intended to be junior to the Liens securing the Obligations and incurred as permitted by the Credit Documents, (B) to establish certain relative rights as between the holders of the Obligations and the holders of the
Indebtedness secured by such Liens that are junior to the Liens securing the Indebtedness and (C) any amendments, supplements or other modifications of any Collateral Document to add or remove any legend that may be required pursuant to the
Intercreditor Agreement. Each of the Secured Parties hereby irrevocably (1) consents to the treatment of Liens provided for under the Intercreditor Agreement, (2) agrees that, upon the execution and delivery thereof, such Secured Party
will be bound by the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement as if it were a signatory thereto and will take no actions contrary to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, (3) agrees that no Secured Party shall have any right of action
whatsoever against the any Agent as a result of any action taken by such Agent pursuant to this Section 11.14(b) or in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and (4) authorizes and directs the Agents to carry out the
provisions and intent of the Intercreditor Agreement. 

(c) Upon request by the Collateral Agent at any time, the Secured Parties will
confirm in writing the Collateral Agents authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of Property, or to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under its Guaranty pursuant to this
Section 11.14. Neither Agent shall be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the
Collateral Agents Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Credit Party in connection therewith, nor shall any Agent be responsible or liable to the Secured Parties for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral.

(d) Notwithstanding anything contained in any of the Credit Documents to the contrary, the Credit Parties, the Agents, and each Secured
Party hereby agree that no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce the Guaranty, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Guaranty and under the
Collateral Documents may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms hereof and the other Credit Documents. 

136 

12. MISCELLANEOUS 

12.1 Amendments and Waivers. 

(a) No Credit Document nor any terms thereof may be amended, supplemented, waived or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 12.1. With the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the respective Credit Parties may, from time to time, enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications to any Credit Document for the
purpose of adding any provisions to such Credit Document to which they are parties or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or of any such Credit Party or any other Person thereunder or waiving, on such terms and conditions as the
Administrative Agent may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of any such Credit Document or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided, however, that: 

(i) no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall (A) extend the Revolving Credit Termination
Date, the FILO Credit Termination Date or the scheduled maturity of any Loan or extend the expiry date of any Letter of Credit beyond the Revolving Credit Termination Date, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest on any Loan or
Letter of Credit, or change the method of calculating interest on any Loan or Letter of Credit, or reduce the amount or extend the time of payment of any fee payable to the Lenders hereunder, or reduce or forgive the principal amount thereof, or
increase the amount of, or postpone the scheduled date of expiry of, any Commitment of any Lender, without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, or (B) amend, modify or waive any provision of this Section 12.1 or the
definition of Required Lenders, Required FILO Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders, or alter the manner in which payments of principal, interest, or other amounts hereunder shall be applied as among the Lenders in the respective Facility (in which
case, the written consent of each Lender in the respective Facility shall be required), or change the percentage of the Lenders required to waive a condition precedent under Sections 7.1, 7.2 or 7.3, or amend, modify, eliminate or waive a condition
precedent under or waive or amend any other provision in any of the Credit Documents which by their terms require all Lenders consent or consent to the assignment or transfer by any Credit Party of any of its rights and obligations under any
Credit Document, or release all or substantially all of the Collateral or subordinate Collateral Agents Lien (other than a subordination in connection with a
debtor-in-possession financing and, for the avoidance of doubt, a subordination pursuant to Section 9.2(g)(vi) of this Agreement) on any material portion of the
Collateral in any transaction or series of transactions, or subordinate the payment priority of the Obligations (other than in connection with a debtor-in-possession
financing) or release all or substantially all of the value of the guarantees granted (or required to be granted) pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender (unless otherwise specified in sub-clause (B) of this clause (i)); 

(ii) no such waiver and no such amendment,
supplement or modification shall amend, modify or waive any provision of Article 11 without (A) the written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each L/C Issuer or (B) with respect to any provision affecting the
FILO Administrative Agent in its capacity as such, the written consent of the FILO Administrative Agent; 

137 

(iii) no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall
amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 5.18(a) or Section 5.18(d) in a manner that would alter the manner in which payments are shared, without the written consent of each Lender; 

(iv) other than in connection with the provision of a Conforming Post-Petition Financing to implement the Insolvency Increase
Amount, no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall increase the advance rates set forth in the definition of (A) Borrowing Base or add new categories of eligible assets or making other changes to the
definition of Borrowing Base or any component definition thereof if as a result thereof the amounts available to be borrowed by the Company would be increased, without the prior written consent of each Revolving Credit Lender (other than
any Defaulting Lender) or (B) FILO Borrowing Base or add new categories of eligible assets or making other changes to the definition of FILO Borrowing Base or any component definition thereof if as a result thereof the
amounts available to be borrowed by the Company would be increased, without the prior written consent of each FILO Credit Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender); 

(v) except in connection with, and solely with respect to, a Conforming Post-Petition Financing, no such waiver and no such
amendment, supplement or modification shall add new tranches of Indebtedness under any Credit Document that, in the case of this clause, are senior in right of repayment to, or pari passu in right of repayment with, the FILO Credit Loans without the
written consent of each FILO Credit Lender; 

(vi) no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall
(1) change the definition of FILO Deficiency Reserve (or any component definition thereof) or any modification that ceases to deduct from the Borrowing Base (or fails to establish or maintain) the FILO Deficiency Reserve, (2) amend, modify
or waive any of the provisions of Section 2.9(c), (3) change the definitions of Carve Out, Conforming Post-Petition Financing, Post-Petition Financing, Insolvency Increase Amount or Maximum Revolving Insolvency Amount (or any component
definitions thereof) or changes, modifies or waives any of the provisions of Article 13, (4) change, modify or waive (A) any of the provisions of Section 8.2(f) or of Annex I, in each case, in a manner which is more favorable to the Credit
Parties, or (B) any of the provisions of Section 5.25 in a manner which is more favorable to the Credit Parties, (5) change the definitions of FILO Credit Specified Event of Default or FILO Standstill Period (or any component
definitions thereof), (6) change, modify or waive any of the provisions of Article 10 in any manner which would also constitute a waiver of any existing FILO Credit Specified Event of Default, or (7) change the definition of
Assignee (or any component definition thereof), or changes, modifies or waives any of the provisions of Section 12.6, in a manner which would directly make assignments of the FILO Credit Loans more restrictive or would permit the
Credit Parties or their Affiliates to be Assignees, in each case without the written consent of each FILO Credit Lender; 

138 

(vii) no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall
(1) change, modify or waive any of the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement in a manner that is adverse to the FILO Credit Lenders as a class (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, any waiver, amendment, supplement or modification that
treats the FILO Credit Lenders in the same manner as the Revolving Credit Lenders) or (2) change the definitions of FILO Credit Obligations, Obligations, Reserves or Revolving Credit Obligations (or any component definitions thereof),in each
case without the written consent of the Required FILO Lenders; and 

(viii) the Administrative Agent and the Company acting
together may, without the consent of any other Person, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement and any other Credit Document to cure any typographical error, mistake or defect, to comply with local law or the advice of local counsel or to cause
one or more Credit Documents to be consistent with other Credit Documents. 

(b) Notwithstanding this Section 12.1 or anything else to
the contrary in this Agreement or any other Credit Document, each FILO Credit Secured Party agrees that it will not raise any objection to, or oppose, and shall be deemed to have consented to, the release of any Credit Party from its obligations
under any Credit Document or to any private or public sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral (and any post-petition or post-filing assets subject to adequate protection Liens or comparable Liens under any applicable Law in
favor of the Agents) free and clear of any Liens and other claims (a) at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under this Agreement if the Administrative Agent has consented to such release or such sale
or other disposition; provided, however, that after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under this Agreement and prior to the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws with respect to any Credit
Party, any such release and/or any such sale or other disposition by the Agents shall be made in accordance with applicable Law and the Administrative Agent shall provide not less than five (5) Business Days prior written notice to the
FILO Administrative Agent of any proposed release and/or sale or other disposition, or (b) under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code (or other similar provision of any applicable Law), in each case under the foregoing clauses (a) and
(b), if the Administrative Agent has consented to such release any/or such sale or other disposition, and in connection with each of the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), each FILO Credit Secured Party shall be deemed to have consented to such
release any/or such sale or other disposition and hereby irrevocably authorizes the Agents to release any Lien on any of the Collateral in connection therewith; provided that any Lien of the Collateral Agent on such Collateral attaches to the
net proceeds of such release and/or such sale or other disposition of the Collateral received by the Agents and that all proceeds of the Collateral received by the Agents from such release and/or such sale or other disposition are, after application
to any Conforming Post-Petition Financing, applied in accordance with Section 5.18(d). 

(c) Any such waiver and any such amendment,
supplement or modification described in this Section 12.1 shall apply equally to each of the Lenders and shall be binding upon each Credit Party, the Lenders, each Agent and all future holders of the Loans. No waiver, amendment, supplement or
modification of any Letter of Credit shall extend the expiry date thereof without the written consent of the Participating Lenders. In the case of any waiver, the Company, the Lenders and each Agent shall be restored to their former position and
rights hereunder and under the outstanding Loans, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right
consequent thereon. 

139 

(d) If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent
of , as applicable, each Lender or each Lender affected thereby and the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, each Revolving Credit Lender or each Revolving Credit Lender affected thereby and
the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders is obtained, or each FILO Credit Lender or each FILO Credit Lender affected thereby and the consent of the Required FILO Lenders is obtained, but in any such case the consent of
other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but has not been obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting Lender), then the Company
may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, the Administrative Agent and any applicable L/C Issuer shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant
to an assignment under Section 12.6 and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply
with the requirements of Section 12.6, and (ii) the Company shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in Same Day Funds on the day of such replacement all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued
but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by the Company hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such
Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 5.20 or Section 5.23. 

12.2 Notices. 

(a) All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including by telecopy),
and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered by hand, or three (3) Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or, in the case of telecopy notice, when
sent, confirmation of receipt received, addressed as follows in the case of each Credit Party and the Administrative Agent, and to the address on record with the Administrative Agent in the case of any Lender, or to such other address as may be
hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto and any future holders of the Loans: 

The Company: 

KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc.

3040
Post Oak Blvd., Suite 1500

Houston, TX 77056

Attention:
Keefer Lehner

Email: [*]

The Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent: 

Eclipse Business Capital LLC

333 W
Wacker Suite 950

Chicago, IL 60606

Attention: Jim Gurgone

Email: [*]

140 

The FILO Administrative Agent: 

Eclipse Business Capital LLC

333 W
Wacker Suite 950

Chicago, IL 60606

Attention: John
Whetstone

Email: [*]

provided, further, that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Administrative Agent or the Lenders
pursuant to Sections 2.3, 2.7, 5.1, 5.4, 5.5, and 5.6 shall not be effective until received; provided, further, that the failure to provide the copies of notices to the Company provided for in this Section 12.2 shall not result in
any liability to any Agent or any Lender. 

(b) The Administrative Agent and each of its Affiliates is authorized to transmit, post or
otherwise make or communicate, in its sole discretion (but shall not be required to do so), by Approved Electronic Communications in connection with this Agreement or any other Credit Document and the transactions contemplated therein. The
Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to establish procedures to provide access to and to make available or deliver, or to accept, notices, documents and similar items by posting to ABLSoft. All uses of ABLSoft and other Approved Electronic
Communications shall be governed by and subject to, in addition to the terms of this Agreement, the separate terms, conditions and privacy policy posted or referenced in such system (or such terms, conditions and privacy policy as may be updated
from time to time, including on such system) and any related contractual obligations executed by the Administrative Agent and the Credit Parties in connection with the use of such system. Each of the Credit Parties, the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent hereby acknowledges and agrees that the use of ABLSoft and other Approved Electronic Communications is not necessarily secure and that there are risks associated with such use, including risks of interception, disclosure and
abuse and each indicates it assumes and accepts such risks by hereby authorizing the Administrative Agent and each of its Affiliates to transmit Approved Electronic Communications. ABLSoft and all Approved Electronic Communications shall be provided
as is and as available. None of the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates or related persons warrants the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of ABLSoft or any
other electronic platform or electronic transmission and disclaims all liability for errors or omissions therein. No warranty of any kind is made by the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates or related persons in connection with ABLSoft or
any other electronic platform or electronic transmission, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other
code defects. The Company and each other Credit Party executing this Agreement agrees that the Administrative Agent has no responsibility for maintaining or providing any equipment, software, services or any testing required in connection with
ABLSoft, any Approved Electronic Communication or otherwise required for ABLSoft or any Approved Electronic Communication. Prior to the Execution Date, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a complete and executed Client User Form
regarding the Companys use of ABLSoft in the form of Exhibit K annexed hereto. No Approved Electronic Communications shall be denied legal effect merely because it is made electronically. Approved Electronic Communications that are not
readily capable of bearing either a signature or a reproduction of a signature may be signed, and shall be deemed signed, by attaching to, or logically associating with such Approved Electronic Communication, an Electronic Signature, upon which the
Administrative Agent and the Credit Parties may rely and assume the authenticity thereof. Each Approved Electronic Communication containing a signature, a reproduction of a signature or an Electronic Signature shall, for all intents

141 

and purposes, have the same effect and weight as a signed paper original. Each Electronic Signature shall be deemed sufficient to satisfy any requirement for a
signature and each Approved Electronic Communication shall be deemed sufficient to satisfy any requirement for a writing, in each case including pursuant to this
Agreement, any other Credit Document, the UCC, the Federal Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and any substantive or procedural law governing such subject matter. Each party or
beneficiary hereto agrees not to contest the validity or enforceability of an Approved Electronic Communication or Electronic Signature under the provisions of any applicable Law requiring certain documents to be in writing or signed;
provided, that nothing herein shall limit such partys or beneficiarys right to contest whether an Approved Electronic Communication or Electronic Signature has been altered after transmission. 

(c) All notices, requests, demands and other communications under or in respect of this Agreement or any transactions hereunder, other than
those approved for or required to be delivered by Approved Electronic Communications (including via ABLSoft or otherwise pursuant to Section 12.2(b)), shall be in writing and shall be personally delivered or mailed (by prepaid registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested), sent by prepaid recognized overnight courier service, or by email to the applicable party at its address or email address indicated above. 

12.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of any Agent or any Lender,
any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder, shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 

12.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any document,
certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Letters of Credit and the Loans. 

12.5 Payment of Expenses; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification. 

(a) The Company agrees: 

(i) to promptly pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for all of their reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, and for the reasonable and documented allocated costs of internal counsel for the Agents, incurred in connection with the development,
preparation, execution, delivery, administration, amendment, waiver and modification of, the Credit Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and the
syndication of the Loans under this Agreement, including, without limitation, (i) the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and (ii) appraisals and field examinations pursuant to Section 8.12 and the
insurance reviews and the collateral monitoring services performed by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, in each case subject to receipt of supporting documentation in reasonable detail; 

142 

(ii) to promptly pay or reimburse each Lender and each Agent for all their
costs and expenses incurred in connection with, and to pay, indemnify, and hold each Agent and each Lender harmless from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses
or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever arising out of or in connection with, the enforcement or preservation of any rights (including in any workout proceedings, restructuring, standstill or forbearance providing relief to the Credit
Parties) under any Credit Document and any such other documents, including, without limitation, reasonable out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of counsel to each Agent
and each Lender (including, but not limited to, reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel to the Administrative Agent, reasonable fees and costs allocated to internal counsel to the Administrative Agent, and one counsel to other Lenders taken
together, and one local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction and expenses incurred in connection with travel, courier, reproduction, printing and delivery expenses), incurred in connection with the foregoing and in connection with advising the
Administrative Agent with respect to its rights and responsibilities under this Agreement and the documentation relating thereto, subject to receipt of supporting documentation in reasonable detail (it being agreed that the Agents and the Lenders
shall have the right to employ separate counsel and the Company shall bear the reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs, and expenses of such separate counsel if
(A) the use of the selected counsel would present such counsel with a conflict of interest or (B) the actual or potential defendants in, or targets of, any such action include both the Company and the Agents and/or a Lender, and such Agent
or Lender shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or additional to those available to the Company or any other such Person); 

(iii) to promptly pay, indemnify, and to hold each Agent and each Lender harmless from, any and all recording and filing fees
and any and all liabilities with respect thereto, or resulting from any delay in paying such recording and filing fees, if any, which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of, or consummation of any
of the transactions contemplated by, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect of, any Credit Document and any such other documents; and 

(iv) to pay, indemnify, and hold each Agent, and each Lender (each, an Indemnified Person) and their
respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees, trustees, advisors and agents (the affiliates, officers, directors, employees, trustees, advisors and agents of any Indemnified Person are such Indemnified Persons Related
Parties) harmless from and against any and all other actual out-of-pocket liabilities, obligations, losses, damages (including punitive damages),
penalties, fines, claims (whether brought by a third party or by the Company or any other Credit Party or any of the Companys or such Credit Partys directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Indemnified Person is
a party thereto), actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, reasonable experts and consultants fees and reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel and
third party claims for personal injury or real or personal property damage) which may be incurred by or asserted against any Agent, the Lenders or the Related Parties (x) arising out of or in connection with any investigation, litigation or
proceeding related to this 

143 

Agreement, the other Credit Documents, the proceeds of the Loans, or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, whether or not any Agent or any of the Lenders is a party
thereto, (y) with respect to any environmental matters, any environmental compliance expenses and remediation expenses in connection with the presence, suspected presence, release or suspected release of any Materials of Environmental Concern
in or into the air, soil, groundwater, surface water or improvements at, on, about, under, or within the Properties, or any portion thereof, or elsewhere in connection with the transportation of Materials of Environmental Concern to or from the
Properties, or (z) without limiting the generality of the foregoing, by reason of or in connection with the execution and delivery or transfer of, or payment or failure to make payments under, Letters of Credit (it being agreed that nothing in
this Section 12.5(a)(iv)(z) is intended to limit the Companys obligations pursuant to Section 2.6); 

(all the foregoing, collectively, the
Indemnified Liabilities), provided that the Company shall have no obligation hereunder with respect to Indemnified Liabilities of any Indemnified Person or its Related Parties arising from the gross negligence or
willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person or its Related Parties as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Credit Party shall assert, and each Credit Party hereby waives, any claim against
any Indemnified Person and its Related Parties on any theory of liability for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any
other Credit Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. 

(c) The agreements in this Section 12.5 shall survive repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

(d) All amounts due under this Section 12.5 shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 

12.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations; Purchasing Lenders. 

(a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, the Lenders, the Agents, all future holders of the Loans,
and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Company may not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of each Lender. 

(b) Any Lender may, in the ordinary course of its business and in accordance with applicable law, at any time sell to one or more banks or
other financial institutions, Approved Funds or Lender Affiliates (Participants) participating interests in any Loan owing to such Lender, any participating interest of such Lender in the Letters of Credit, any Note held by
such Lender, any Commitment of such Lender or any other interest of such Lender hereunder and under the other Credit Documents. In the event of any such sale by a Lender of participating interests to a Participant, such Lenders obligations
under this Agreement to the other parties to this Agreement shall remain unchanged, such Lender shall remain solely responsible for the 

144 

performance thereof, such Lender shall remain the holder of any such Loan for all purposes under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, the Company and the Administrative Agent shall
continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents; provided, however, that such Lender shall not, without the consent of the
Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in Section 12.1(a)(i) that affects such Participant. The Company agrees that if amounts outstanding under this Agreement and the Loans are due and unpaid, or shall have
been declared or shall have become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, each Participant shall be deemed to have the right of setoff in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under this Agreement and any Loan
to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under this Agreement or any Loan; provided that such Participant shall only be entitled to such right of setoff if it shall have agreed in
the agreement pursuant to which it shall have acquired its participating interest to share with the Lenders the proceeds thereof, as provided in Section 12.7. The Company also agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of
Sections 5.12, 5.19, 5.20 and 5.23 with respect to its participation in the Letters of Credit and in the Commitments and the Loans outstanding from time to time; provided that (x) no Participant shall be entitled to receive any
greater amount pursuant to such Sections than the transferor Lender would have been entitled to receive in respect of the amount of the participation transferred by such transferor Lender to such Participant had no such transfer occurred,
(y) each Participant shall be subject to the provisions of paragraph (c) of Section 5.20 and (z) a Participant shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 5.23 unless the Company is notified of the participation
interest sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Company, to comply with Section 5.23(g) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or
other obligations under the Credit Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any
Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any Commitment, Loans, Notes or Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Credit Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to
establish that such Commitment, Loans, Notes or Letters of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the
Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any
notice to the contrary. 

(c) Any Lender (an Assignor) may, in the ordinary course of its business and in
accordance with applicable law, with the prior written consent of each applicable L/C Issuer (provided that no consent of an L/C Issuer shall be required if (x) an Event of Default occurs with respect to the Company under
Section 10.1(f) and (y) such L/C Issuer has no outstanding Letters of Credit at that time), at any time sell to any Lender, any Affiliate or Lender Affiliate thereof (including any Affiliate or Subsidiary of such transferor Lender) or any
Approved Fund and, with the prior written consent of the Company (provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented unless the Company shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business
Days after having received notice thereof, and in any case subject to the penultimate sentence of this paragraph (c)) and the Administrative Agent (which in each case shall 

145 

not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed), sell to one or more additional banks or financial institutions, as one or more assignees thereof (together, an
Assignee), all or any part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, the Notes and the other Credit Documents and, with respect to the Letters of Credit, such Lenders L/C Participating Interest, pursuant to
an Assignment and Assumption executed by such Assignee, such assigning Lender (and by the Company, the Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer, to the extent their consent is required), and delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance
and recording in the Register; provided that (A) each such sale pursuant to this Section 12.6(c) of a Lenders rights and obligations (I) to a Person which is not then a Lender or an Affiliate or Lender Affiliate of a
Lender shall be of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations or, if less than such entire remaining amount, of Commitments and/or Loans of $5,000,000 or more unless otherwise agreed by the Company and the
Administrative Agent; and (II) to a Person which is then a Lender or an Affiliate or Lender Affiliate of a Lender may be in any amount and shall not require the consent of the Company or the Administrative Agent, and (B) each Assignee
which is a Foreign Lender shall comply with the provisions of Section 5.23(g); and provided, further, that the foregoing shall not prohibit a Lender from selling participating interests in accordance with Section 12.6(b) in
all or any portion of its Commitments and/or Loans (without duplication). For purposes of sub-clauses (A) and (B) of the first proviso contained in the preceding sentence, the amount described therein
shall be aggregated in respect of each Lender and its Lender Affiliates, if any. Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date determined pursuant to such Assignment and Assumption, (x) the Assignee
thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder with the Commitments and Loans as set forth therein, and (y) the assigning Lender thereunder
shall, to the extent of the interest transferred, as reflected in such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all or the remaining portion of an
assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such assigning Lender shall cease to be a party hereto). Such Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to amend this Agreement to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to
reflect the addition of such Assignee and the resulting adjustment of Commitment Percentages arising from the purchase by such Assignee of all or a portion of the rights and obligations of such assigning Lender under this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary (and to the extent permitted by law), after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Specified Event of Default any Lender may sell all or any part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the
consent of the Company. 

(d) The Administrative Agent acting on behalf of and as an agent for the Company, shall maintain at the address
of the Administrative Agent referred to in Section 12.2 a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the
Commitment of, the principal amount (and stated interest) of any Revolving Credit Loans, if any owing to, and if such Lender has any Revolving Credit Commitment, the L/C Participating Interests of, each Lender from time to time. The entries in the
Register shall be conclusive, in the absence of manifest error, and the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of the Loans or L/C Participating Interests
recorded therein for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company or any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 

146 

(e) Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an
Assignee (and by the Company, each applicable L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent to the extent required hereby), together with payment to the Administrative Agent of a registration and processing fee of $3,500 (which fee the Company shall have
no obligation to pay and which fee may be waived by the Administrative Agent in its discretion), the Administrative Agent shall (i) promptly accept such Assignment and Assumption and (ii) on the effective date determined pursuant thereto,
record the information contained therein in the Register and give notice of such acceptance and recordation to the Lenders and the Company. 

(f) If, pursuant to this Section 12.6, any interest in this Agreement or any Loan or Letter of Credit is transferred to any Person (such
Person, a Transferee) which would be a Foreign Lender upon the effectiveness of such transfer, the assigning Lender shall cause such Transferee, concurrently with the effectiveness of such transfer, (i) to represent to
the assigning Lender (for the benefit of the assigning Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Company) that under applicable law and treaties no Taxes will be required to be withheld by the Administrative Agent, the Company or the assigning Lender
with respect to any payments to be made to such Transferee in respect of the Loans or L/C Participating Interests, (ii) to furnish to the assigning Lender (and, in the case of any Assignee registered in the Register, the Administrative Agent
and the Company) such Internal Revenue Service Forms required to be furnished pursuant to Section 5.23(g) and (iii) to agree (for the benefit of the assigning Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Company) to be bound by the provisions
of Section 5.23(g). 

(g) For avoidance of doubt, the parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the provisions of this Section
concerning assignments of Loans and Notes relate only to absolute assignments and that such provisions do not prohibit assignments creating security interests, including, without limitation, any pledge or assignment (i) by a Lender of any Loan
or Note to any Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank in accordance with applicable law and (ii) by a Lender or a Lender Affiliate which is a fund to its trustee in support of its obligations to its trustee; provided that any
transfer of Loans or Notes upon, or in lieu of, enforcement of or the exercise of remedies under any such pledge shall be treated as an assignment thereof which shall not be made without compliance with the requirements of this Section 12.6.

(h) The Company, upon receipt of written notice from the relevant Lender, agrees to issue Notes to any Lender requiring Notes to
facilitate transactions of the type described in paragraph (g) above. 

12.7 Adjustments;
Set-off; Cashless Settlement. 

(a) Except to the extent that this Agreement expressly provides
for payments to be allocated to a particular Lender or Lenders, if any Lender (a Benefitted Lender) shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of any of its Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Participating Interests,
as the case may be, or interest thereon, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in
Section 10.1(f), or otherwise) in a greater proportion than any such payment to and 

147 

collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of such other Lenders Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Participating Interests, as the case may be, or interest thereon, such
Benefitted Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders such portion of each such other Lenders Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Participating Interests, as the case may be, or shall provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any
such collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefitted Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral or proceeds ratably with each of the Lenders; provided, however, that if all or any
portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefitted Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. The Company agrees
that each Lender so purchasing a portion of another Lenders Loans and/or L/C Participating Interests may exercise all rights of payment (including, without limitation, rights of set-off) with respect to
such portion as fully as if such Lender were the direct holder of such portion. The Administrative Agent shall promptly give the Company notice of any set-off,provided that the failure to give such
notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off.

(b) Upon the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default specified in Section 10.1(a) or 10.1(f), each Agent and each Lender are hereby irrevocably authorized at any time and from time to time without notice to the Company, any such notice being hereby waived by the
Company, to set off and appropriate and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect,
absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Agent or such Lender to or for the credit or the account of the Company or any part thereof in such amounts as such Agent or such Lender may elect, on account of the
liabilities of the Company hereunder and under the other Credit Documents and claims of every nature and description of such Agent or such Lender against the Company in any currency, whether arising hereunder, or otherwise, under any other Credit
Document as such Agent or such Lender may elect, whether or not such Agent or such Lender has made any demand for payment and although such liabilities and claims may be contingent or unmatured. Each Agent and each Lender shall notify the Company
promptly of any such setoff made by it and the application made by it of the proceeds thereof, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. The rights of each Agent and each
Lender under this paragraph are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of setoff) which such Agent or such Lender may have. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all or a portion of
its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Company, the Administrative Agent and such
Lender. 

12.8 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution. 

(a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute
an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Credit Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent and the reductions of the
Letter of Credit Commitment of any L/C Issuer constitute the entire contract 

148 

among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as
provided in Section 7.1, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the
signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 

Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Credit Document and/or (z) any
document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 12.2), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any
other Credit Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document) that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that
reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Credit Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Credit Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the
keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or
enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic
Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic
Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Company without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the
appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company hereby agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and
the Company, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Credit Document and/or any
Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Credit Document
and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records
shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement,
any other Credit Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Credit Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature

149 

pages thereto and waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Lenders reliance on or use of
Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Company to use any
available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 

(b) This Agreement
may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set of the copies of this Agreement
signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Company and the Administrative Agent. 

(c) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a
signature page of this Agreement by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof
or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures
and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

12.9 [Reserved]. 

12.10 GOVERNING LAW; NO THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LOANS AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LOANS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THIS AGREEMENT IS SOLELY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, AND,
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 12.6, NO OTHER PERSONS SHALL HAVE ANY RIGHT, BENEFIT, PRIORITY OR INTEREST UNDER, OR BECAUSE OF THE EXISTENCE OF, THIS AGREEMENT. 

12.11 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVERS. 

(a) EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY: 

(i) SUBMITS FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER CREDIT
DOCUMENTS, OR FOR RECOGNITION AND ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT IN RESPECT THEREOF, TO THE EXCLUSIVE GENERAL JURISDICTION OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, THE COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND APPELLATE COURTS FROM ANY THEREOF; 

150 

(ii) CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE BROUGHT IN SUCH
COURTS, AND WAIVES ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT OR THAT SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING WAS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT COURT AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM THE SAME; 

(iii) AGREES THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE EFFECTED BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF BY REGISTERED
OR CERTIFIED MAIL (OR ANY SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR FORM OF MAIL), POSTAGE PREPAID, TO SUCH PARTY AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 12.2 OR AT SUCH OTHER ADDRESS OF WHICH THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT SHALL HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED PURSUANT THERETO; AND 

(iv) AGREES THAT NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT TO EFFECT SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY
LAW OR SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT TO SUE IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 

(b) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH
PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND
(B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

12.12 No Fiduciary Duty, etc. 

(a) The Company acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Agent or Lender will have any
obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Credit Documents and each Agent and Lender is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length contractual counterparty to the Company with respect to the Credit
Documents and the transactions contemplated herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Company or any other person. The Company agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Agent or Lender based
on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Agent or Lender in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, the Company acknowledges and agrees that no Agent or

151 

Lender is advising the Company as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Company shall consult with its own advisors concerning such
matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Credit Documents, and the Agents and Lenders shall have no responsibility or liability to the Company
with respect thereto. 

(b) The Company further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each
Agent and Lender, together with its respective Affiliates, in addition to providing or participating in commercial lending facilities such as that provided hereunder, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and
brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Agent or Lender may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its
own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Company and other companies with which the Company may have commercial or other
relationships. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Agent or Lender or any of their respective customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be
exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 

(c) In addition, the Company acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its
Subsidiaries understanding, that each Agent and Lender and its respective affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Company
may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Agent or Lender will use confidential information obtained from the Company by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents or its other
relationships with the Company in connection with the performance by such Agent or Lender of services for other companies, and no Agent or Lender will furnish any such information to other companies. The Company also acknowledges that no Agent or
Lender has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents, or to furnish to the Company, confidential information obtained from other companies. 

12.13 Confidentiality. 

(a) Each of the Administrative Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer (as a result of any issuance of a Letter of Credit under
this Agreement) and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including
accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the
extent requested by any regulatory authority, (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iv) to any other party to this Agreement, (v) in connection with the exercise
of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (A) any
Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (B) any actual or prospective 

152 

counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction or securitization relating to the Company and its obligations, (vii) with the consent of the Company or (viii) to
the extent such Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (B) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender on a
nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company. In addition, the Administrative Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data
collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Company relating to
the Company or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the FILO Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company; provided
that, in the case of information received from the Company after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential; provided, further, that, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii)
(other than in connection with routine regulatory examinations), unless specifically prohibited by applicable law, court order or the applicable regulatory authority, each Lender, the Administrative Agent and the FILO Administrative Agent shall use
its commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Company of any such non-public information prior to disclosure hereof. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this
Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

(b) EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 12.13(a) FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. 

(c) ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE COMPANY OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY, THE OTHER CREDIT PARTIES AND THEIR
RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE COMPANY AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN
MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW. 

153 

12.14 USA Patriot Act. Each Lender hereby notifies the Company that pursuant to the
requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act), it may be required to obtain, verify and record information that
identifies the Company, which information includes the name and address of the Company and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Company in accordance with the Patriot Act. 

12.15 Flood Insurance Provisions. In no event is any Building (as defined in the applicable Flood Insurance
Regulation) or Manufactured (Mobile) Home (as defined in the applicable Flood Insurance Regulation) included in the definition of Collateral or ABL First Priority Collateral and no Building or Manufactured (Mobile) Home is
hereby encumbered by this Agreement or any other Credit Document. 

12.16 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or
any other Credit Document is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (i) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and
(ii) the parties hereto shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or
unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

12.17 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Credit Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any
Credit Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full
or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or
other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in
lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Credit Document; or 

(iii) the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any the applicable Resolution Authority. 

154 

12.18 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the
Credit Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Contracts or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported
QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that
the Credit Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property
securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and
any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S.
Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Credit Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than
such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Credit Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is
understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

13. CERTAIN ADDITIONAL MATTERS PERTAINING TO FILO CREDIT LOANS. 

13.1 Post-Petition Financing; Insolvency Proceedings. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or
any other Credit Document, if any Credit Party shall be subject to any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws, the Lenders hereby agree as follows: 

(a) Conforming Post-Petition Financings. If the Administrative Agent or any Revolving Credit Lenders shall seek to provide any Credit
Party with, or consent to a third party providing, any Post-Petition Financing, with such Post-Petition Financing to be secured by all or any portion of the Collateral (including assets that, but for the application of Section 552 of the United
States Bankruptcy Code or other applicable Law, would be Collateral), each of the FILO Credit Secured Parties agrees and confirms that it shall be deemed to have consented to such Post-Petition Financing and to the Liens securing the same (or
securing any claim for diminution in value in connection therewith) and that it shall not object to any such Post-Petition Financing or to the Liens securing the same (or securing any claim for diminution in value in connection therewith) (nor
support any other Person objecting to such Post-Petition Financing or to the Liens securing the same (or securing any claim for diminution in value in connection therewith) or 

155 

request the Administrative Agent make any such objection), on any grounds whatsoever so long as (i) the Administrative Agent retains its Lien on the Collateral to secure the FILO Credit
Obligations, subordinate to the Liens securing such Post-Petition Financing which satisfies the terms and conditions of this Section 13.1 (and any Lien securing any claim for diminution in value in connection therewith), but otherwise with the
same relative priority vis-a-vis other liens in the Collateral as existed immediately prior to the commencement of such proceeding; provided that, if in
connection with any Post-Petition Financing provided, or consented to, by the Administrative Agent or any Revolving Credit Lender, any Liens on the Collateral held by the Collateral Agent, or any Liens securing such Post-Petition Financing, are
subject to a surcharge or are subject to a Carve Out, court ordered charge, fee or other similar interest or right, and so long as the amount of such surcharge, Carve Out, court ordered charge, fee or other similar interest or right is reasonable
under the circumstances, then the Liens of the Collateral Agent on the Collateral securing the FILO Credit Obligations shall also be subordinated to such surcharge, claim, Carve Out, court ordered charge, fee or other similar interest or right to
the same extent as the Revolving Credit Obligations and/or Post-Petition Financing, as applicable, (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the unfunded commitments and loans and letter of credit accommodations outstanding under any such
Post-Petition Financing, together with the aggregate Revolving Credit Loans and the outstanding balance of any Letters of Credit (giving effect to any repayments), does not exceed the Maximum Revolving Insolvency Amount, (iii) the
Administrative Agent under such Post-Petition Financing shall implement, and maintain, at all times, a reserve against all Borrowing Bases under such Post-Petition Financing in the amount of the Carve Out, (iv) the Administrative Agent under
such Post-Petition Financing shall implement, and maintain, at all times, a reserve against all Borrowing Bases under such Post-Petition Financing in the amount of the FILO Deficiency Reserve, consistent with the terms of this Agreement,
(v) such Post-Petition Financing shall not compel any Credit Party to seek confirmation of a specific plan of reorganization, unless the FILO Credit Obligations shall be indefeasibly paid in full in cash on the effective date thereof, and
(vi) such Post-Petition Financing shall be subject to the same rights of the FILO Administrative Agent and the FILO Credit Lenders with respect to amendments, waivers and modifications as set forth in Section 12.1(a) with respect to this
Agreement and the other Credit Documents (a Post-Petition Financing complying with the provisions of this paragraph referred to herein as a Conforming Post-Petition Financing). 

(b) Other Post-Petition Financing Offers. The FILO Credit Secured Parties hereby agree that they shall not, and shall not permit any
Affiliate controlled by any of them to, (i) provide or offer to provide any Post-Petition Financing to the Credit Parties or (ii) except in the case of a Conforming Post-Petition Financing provided in accordance with Section 13.1(a),
endorse, or support any other Person in, the provision of any Post-Petition Financing to the Credit Parties in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws with respect to a Credit Party. 

(c) Adequate Protection. All adequate protection granted to the Agents in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws with respect to a
Credit Party, including all Liens granted to the Collateral Agent in any such proceeding as adequate protection, are intended to be for the benefit of all Secured Parties and shall be subject to Section 5.18, subject to any court order
affecting the rights and interests of the parties hereto not in conflict with the terms hereof. Without limiting the foregoing, the FILO Administrative Agent, on behalf of the FILO Credit Secured Parties, shall have the right to seek adequate
protection for the FILO Credit Loans solely in the form of payment of interest at the then applicable interest rate for the FILO Credit Loans and 

156 

reimbursement of reasonable expenses of the FILO Administrative Agent; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Revolving Credit Secured Parties, may contest (or
support any other Person contesting) any request by any FILO Credit Secured Parties for such adequate protection from proceeds of Collateral unless each of the following conditions is satisfied: (i) such payments are approved by a final order
of the applicable U.S. Bankruptcy Court (or other court of competent jurisdiction) approving a Post-Petition Financing consented to by the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties (other than the FILO
Credit Secured Parties) are also receiving adequate protection payments covering their interest, fees and expenses, (iii) the amount of all such payments is added to the Maximum Revolving Insolvency Amount, and (iv) the FILO Credit Secured
Parties agree to pay over an amount not to exceed the payments so received if the Revolving Credit Obligations and all obligations under such Post-Petition Financing are not Paid in Full in such Proceeding. 

(d) Relief from Stay. Each of the FILO Credit Secured Parties agrees not to (i) seek (or support any other Person seeking) relief
from the automatic stay or any other stay in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws with respect to a Credit Party, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, or (ii) oppose any request by the Administrative Agent, any
other Secured Party (other than any FILO Credit Secured Party), or, in the case of any Conforming Post-Petition Financing, any Person providing such Post-Petition Financing, for relief from the automatic stay or any other stay in any such
proceeding. 

(e) Judgment Liens. Each of the FILO Credit Secured Parties agrees that, in the event that any FILO Credit Secured
Party becomes a judgment Lien creditor in respect of Collateral as a result of its enforcement of its rights and remedies with respect to the FILO Credit Obligations, such judgment Lien shall be subject to the terms of
this Agreement for all purposes. 

(f) Intercreditor Agreement Controls. For the avoidance of doubt in the event of any
inconsistency between this Article 13 and the Intercreditor Agreement, the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. 

13.2 Separate Classifications. Whether or not it is held that the Revolving Credit Obligations and the FILO Credit Obligations
together constitute only one secured claim (rather than separate classes of secured claims), the FILO Credit Secured Parties hereby agree that in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws with respect to a Credit Party, all payments and
distributions shall be applied as if the Revolving Credit Obligations and the FILO Credit Obligations were separate classes of secured claims against the Credit Parties in respect of the Collateral with the effect that the Revolving Credit Secured
Parties and the FILO Credit Secured Parties shall be entitled to receive payment of all amounts owing to them as set forth pursuant to the priorities in Section 5.18 (whether or not allowed in such proceeding, and including in respect of
post-petition interest and expenses) that would be owing to them as if the Revolving Credit Obligations and the FILO Credit Obligations were so classified as a separate claim and secured by a separate Lien, and any payments or proceeds of Collateral
otherwise received or receivable shall be turned over to the appropriate Secured Party to the extent necessary to effectuate the intent of this Section 13.2. 

157 

13.3 Avoidance and Reinstatement. If a Secured Party or a FILO Credit Secured
Party receives payment or property on account of any Revolving Credit Obligations or FILO Credit Obligations, respectively, and the payment is subsequently invalidated, avoided, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or otherwise
required to be transferred to a trustee, receiver or the estate of any Credit Party (in each instance, to the extent required by applicable Law, a Recovery), then, to the extent of the Recovery, the applicable Obligations
intended to have been satisfied by the payment will be reinstated as Revolving Credit Obligations or FILO Credit Obligations, as applicable, as of the date of such payment, and no payment with respect to, or discharge of the Revolving Credit
Obligations or FILO Credit Obligations, as applicable, will be deemed to have occurred for all purposes hereunder. If this Agreement is terminated prior to a Recovery, this Agreement will be reinstated in full force and effect, and such prior
termination will not diminish, release, discharge, impair, or otherwise affect the obligations of the Credit Parties from the date of reinstatement. Upon such reinstatement of any Obligations, each applicable Secured Party will disgorge and deliver
to the Administrative Agent any Collateral or proceeds thereof received in payment of, or to discharge, such Obligations to effect the reinstatement required pursuant to the terms hereof. No Secured Party may benefit from a Recovery, and any
distribution made to a Secured Party as a result of a Recovery will be paid over to the Administrative Agent for application to the Obligations in accordance with Section 5.18 (after application to any Post-Petition Financing that is a
Conforming Post-Petition Financing or is otherwise consented to by the FILO Administrative Agent). 

13.4 Payments Over. In
the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Article 13, payments or proceeds of Collateral shall be received by any Secured Party in violation of the priorities set forth herein, such payments or proceeds of Collateral shall be held in
trust for the benefit of and shall be paid over to or delivered to the Administrative Agent upon the Administrative Agents or the Required Lenders written demand. 

13.5 Subrogation. Until the Revolving Credit Obligations are Paid in Full, the FILO Credit Secured Parties shall have no right
of subrogation to the rights of the Revolving Credit Secured Parties to receive payments or distributions of cash or property applicable to the Revolving Credit Obligations. For purposes of such subrogation, no payments or distributions to the
Revolving Credit Secured Parties of any cash or property to which the FILO Credit Secured Parties would be entitled except for the provisions of this Agreement, and no payment over to the Revolving Credit Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement
by the FILO Credit Secured Parties, as between any Credit Party, its creditors (other than the Revolving Credit Secured Parties), and the FILO Credit Secured Parties, shall be deemed to be a payment by the Credit Parties to or on account of the FILO
Credit Obligations. 

13.6 FILO Purchase Option. 

(a) If any Purchase Option Event shall occur, the FILO Credit Lenders shall have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase all, but not
less than all, of the Revolving Credit Obligations; provided that such option shall expire if the FILO Administrative Agent on behalf of the electing FILO Credit Lenders fails to deliver a written notice (a Purchase
Notice) to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days following the date the FILO Administrative Agent obtains knowledge of the occurrence of a Purchase Option Event (or, in the case of a Purchase Option Event arising
under clause (g) of such defined term, five (5) Business Days), which Purchase Notice shall (i) identify the applicable FILO Credit Lenders committing to such purchase (the Purchasing Creditors) and indicate
the percentage of the Revolving Credit 

158 

Obligations to be purchased by each Purchasing Creditor (which aggregate commitments must add up to one hundred percent (100%) of the Revolving Credit Obligations) and (ii) confirm that the
offer contained therein is irrevocable. Upon receipt of such Purchase Notice by the Administrative Agent, the Purchasing Creditors shall have from the date of delivery thereof to and including the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the
Purchase Notice was received by the Administrative Agent (or such later date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) to purchase all (but not less than all) of the Revolving Credit Obligations (the date of such purchase,
the Purchase Date). 

(b) On the Purchase Date, the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Credit Secured Parties
shall, subject to any required approval of any Governmental Authority, if any, sell to the Purchasing Creditors all (but not less than all) of the Revolving Credit Obligations. On such Purchase Date, the Purchasing Creditors shall (i) pay to
the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Secured Parties, as directed by the Administrative Agent, in immediately available funds the full amount of all Revolving Credit Obligations, together with all accrued and unpaid
interest and fees, all in the amounts specified by the Administrative Agent and determined in good faith in accordance with the Credit Documents or other applicable documents, (ii) furnish such amount of cash collateral in immediately available
funds as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary to secure the Revolving Credit Lenders on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in connection with any (x) asserted indemnification claims, and
(y) all Revolving Credit Obligations in respect of or relating to Letters of Credit but not in any event in an amount greater than 105% thereof, and (iii) agree to reimburse the Revolving Credit Lenders for any loss, cost, damage or
expense resulting from the granting of provisional credit for any checks, wire or ACH transfers that are reversed or not final or other payments provisionally credited to the Revolving Credit Obligations and as to which the Administrative Agent and
the other Revolving Credit Lenders have not yet received final payment as of the Purchase Date. Such purchase price shall be remitted by wire transfer in immediately available funds to such bank account of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit
of the applicable Secured Parties) as the Administrative Agent shall have specified in writing to the FILO Administrative Agent. Interest and fees shall be calculated to but excluding the Purchase Date if the amounts so paid by the applicable
Purchasing Creditors to the bank account designated by the Administrative Agent are received in such bank account prior to 2:00 p.m., and interest shall be calculated to and including such Purchase Date if the amounts so paid by the Purchasing
Creditors to the bank account designated by the Administrative Agent are received in such bank account after 2:00 p.m. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Credit Documents, the Credit Parties hereby consent to and approve the
assignment of the Revolving Credit Obligations contemplated by this Section 13.6(b). 

(c) Any purchase pursuant to the purchase
option described in this Section 13.6 shall, except as provided below, be expressly made without representation or warranty of any kind by the Administrative Agent or the other Revolving Credit Secured Parties as to the Revolving Credit
Obligations, the Collateral or otherwise, and without recourse to the Administrative Agent and the other Revolving Credit Secured Parties as to the Revolving Credit Obligations, the Collateral or otherwise, except that the Administrative Agent and
each of the other Revolving Credit Secured Parties, as to itself only, shall represent and warrant only as to (i) the principal amount of the Revolving Credit Obligations being sold by it, (ii) that such Person has not created any Lien on,
or sold any participation in, any Revolving Credit Obligations being sold by it, and (iii) that such Person has the right to assign the Revolving Credit Obligations being assigned by it. 

159 

(d) In connection with any purchase of Revolving Credit Obligations pursuant to this
Section 15.6, each Revolving Credit Secured Party agrees to enter into and deliver to the Purchasing Creditors on the Purchase Date, as a condition to closing, an assignment agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 to this Agreement or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and, at the expense of the Credit Parties, each of the Revolving Credit Secured Parties shall deliver all possessory Collateral (if any),
together with any necessary endorsements and other documents (including any applicable stock powers or note powers), then in such Secured Partys possession or in the possession of its agent or bailee, or turn over control as to any Pledged
Collateral, deposit accounts or securities accounts of which such Secured Party or its agent or bailee then has control, as the case may be, to the FILO Administrative Agent to act as the successor Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent and
otherwise take such actions as may be reasonably appropriate to effect an orderly transition to the FILO Administrative Agent to act as the successor Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Upon the consummation of the purchase of the Revolving
Credit Obligations pursuant to this Section 13.6, the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have resigned as an agent or administrative agent or collateral agent (or any similar role) for the Secured
Parties, under the Credit Documents; provided the Administrative Agent (and all other agents under this Agreement) shall be entitled to all of the rights and benefits of a former agent or administrative agent or
collateral agent under this Agreement. 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing purchase of the Revolving Credit Obligations by the
Purchasing Creditors, the Revolving Credit Secured Parties shall continue to have recourse to the Credit Parties for those contingent indemnification obligations and other obligations under the Credit Documents which by their terms would survive any
repayment of the Obligations. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

160 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the FILO
Administrative Agent and each Lender have signed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent:

ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL LLC

By: /s/ Robert Richardson

Name: Robert Richardson

Its: Authorized
Signatory

Revolving Credit Lenders:

ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL SPV, LLC

By: /s/ Robert Richardson

Name: Robert Richardson

Its: Authorized
Signatory

FILO Administrative Agent:

ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL LLC

By: /s/ Robert Richardson

Name: Robert Richardson

Its: Authorized
Signatory

FILO Credit Lenders:

ECLIPSE BUSINESS CAPITAL SPV, LLC

By: /s/ Robert Richardson

Name: Robert Richardson

Its: Authorized
Signatory

Signature Page to ABL
Credit Agreement 

The Company:

KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Max Bouthillette

Name: Max Bouthillette

Its: Executive Vice
President,

General Counsel, Chief

Compliance Officer and

Secretary

Signature Page to ABL
Credit Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d889500dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

NEWS RELEASE

Contacts: KLX Energy Services

Keefer M. Lehner, EVP & CFO

(832) 930-8066

IR@klx.com

Dennard Lascar Investor Relations

Ken Dennard / Zach Vaughan

(713) 529-6600

KLXE@dennardlascar.com

KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. Enters Into New Credit Agreement 

to Refinance Existing Senior Secured Notes Due 2025 

New $232 Million Senior Secured Notes to mature March 2030 

KLX also enters into new $125 Million ABL Credit Facility 

Company To Hold 2024 Fourth Quarter/Year End Conference Call on March 14, 2025 

HOUSTON March 7, 2025 KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: KLXE) (KLX, the Company, we,
us or our) announced today that it has entered agreements to refinance its existing 2025 senior secured notes by issuing approximately $232 million of senior secured notes due March 2030. The Company also announced it
has entered into a new ABL credit facility due March 2028 with a $125 million commitment, a first-in-last-out facility with
a $10 million commitment, and a committed incremental loan option with a $25 million commitment. The closing of the refinancing is expected to occur on or about March 11, 2025, subject to certain closing conditions. 

Additionally, KLX expects 2024 fourth quarter revenue to come in at the midpoint of previously disclosed guidance, and Adjusted EBITDA margin to exceed the high-end of previously disclosed guidance. I am pleased to announce that we finished the year strong despite typical seasonal headwinds and fourth quarter budget exhaustion driven by customer frac
holidays, said Chris Baker, KLX President and Chief Executive Officer. Our continued focus on cost controls combined with favorable mix shifts in product service line contribution enabled us to significantly increase our 2024 fourth
quarter Adjusted EBITDA margin compared to last years fourth quarter. Despite the U.S. rig count being down approximately 5% over the same period, our weighting to completion and production and intervention business lines and technologies,
which is primarily post frac weighted, sustained KLXs strong performance deep into the fourth quarter in the face of industry headwinds. We look forward to communicating our results and much more on March 14th. 

Keefer Lehner, EVP and Chief Financial Officer, added, We are pleased to announce the refinancing of
our bonds and ABL, which marks a significant milestone in our ongoing efforts to continue to strengthen KLXs financial position. This refinancing not only extends our debt maturity profile but also provides us with enhanced financial
flexibility to execute our strategic initiatives, including accretive, deleveraging M&A via a supportive lender group along with enhanced liquidity features in the ABL. 

With this improved capital structure, we are well-positioned to capitalize on opportunities to delever and grow while delivering value to our
shareholders. We look forward to discussing the refinancing when we report Q4 2024 results next week, concluded Lehner. 

The Company was advised on
the refinancing transactions by TPH&Co., the energy business of Perella Weinberg Partners, and Vinson & Elkins LLP. 

2024 Fourth Quarter/Year
End Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule 

KLX will report 2024 fourth quarter and year end financial results prior to the Companys live
conference call, which can be accessed via dial-in or webcast, on Friday, March 14, 2025 at 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time (8:30 a.m. Central Time). 

What: 

KLX Energy Services 2024 Fourth Quarter/Year End Earnings Conference Call 

When: 

Friday, March 14, 2025 at 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time / 8:30 a.m. Central Time 

How: 

Live via phone By dialing 1-201-389-0867 and asking for the 

KLX call at least 10 minutes prior to
the start time, or 

Live Webcast By logging onto the webcast at the address below 

Where: 

https://investor.klx.com/events-and-presentations/events

For those who cannot listen to the live call, a replay will be available through March 28, 2025 and may be accessed by dialing 1-201-612-7415 and using passcode 13751933#. Also, an archive of the webcast will be available shortly after the call at https://investor.klx.com/events-and-presentations/events for 90 days. Please submit any questions for management prior to the call via email to
KLXE@dennardlascar.com. 

About KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. 

KLX is a growth-oriented provider of diversified oilfield services to leading onshore oil and natural gas exploration and production companies operating in
both conventional and unconventional plays in all of the active major basins throughout the United States. The Company delivers mission critical oilfield services focused on drilling, completion, production, and intervention activities for
technically demanding wells from over 50 service and support facilities located throughout the United States. KLXs complementary suite of proprietary products and specialized services is supported by technically skilled personnel and a broad
portfolio of innovative in-house manufacturing, repair and maintenance capabilities. More information is available at www.klx.com. 

Forward Looking Statements 

This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Exchange Act. This presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations, projections and goals relating to our future results, performance and prospects. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are
not historical in nature and are not current facts. When used in this presentation, the words believe, expect, plan, intend, anticipate, estimate, predict,
potential, continue, may, might, should, could, will or the negative of these terms or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements,
although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions about future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome
and timing of future events with respect to, among other things: our operating cash flows; the availability of capital and our liquidity; our ability to renew and refinance our debt; our future or expected revenue, income and operating performance;
our ability to sustain and improve our utilization, revenue and margins; our ability to maintain acceptable pricing for our services; future capital expenditures; our ability to finance equipment, working capital and capital expenditures; our
ability to execute our long-term growth strategy and to integrate our acquisitions; our ability to successfully develop our research and technology capabilities and implement technological developments and enhancements; and the timing and success of
strategic initiatives and special projects. The Companys actual experience and results may differ materially from the experience and results anticipated in such statements. Forward-looking statements are not assurances of future performance
and actual results could differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. Although we believe the expectations and assumptions reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when
made, no assurance can be given that these assumptions are accurate or that any of these expectations will be achieved (in full or at all). Our forward-looking statements involve significant risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are
difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Known material factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, risks associated with the
following: a decline in demand for our services, declining commodity prices, overcapacity and other competitive factors affecting our industry; the cyclical nature and volatility of the oil and gas industry, which impacts the level of exploration,
production and development activity and spending patterns by oil and natural gas exploration and production companies; a decline in, or substantial volatility of, crude oil and gas commodity prices, which generally leads to decreased spending
by our customers and negatively impacts drilling, completion and production activity; inflation; increases in interest rates; the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and its continuing effects on global trade; the
on-going conflict in Israel; supply chain issues; and other risks and uncertainties listed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Current Reports on Form 8-K that we file from time to time, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Information Regarding Preliminary Results 

The preliminary estimated financial information contained in this news release reflects managements estimates based solely upon information available to
it as of the date of this news release and is not a comprehensive statement of the Companys financial results for the three months ended December 31, 2024. The information presented herein should not be considered a substitute for full
unaudited financial statements for the three months ended December 31, 2024, or audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, once they become available and should not be regarded as a representation by the
Company or its management as to its actual financial results for the three months ended December 31, 2024. The ranges for the preliminary estimated financial results described above constitute forward-looking statements. The preliminary
estimated financial information presented herein is subject to change, and the Companys actual financial results may differ from such preliminary estimates and such differences could be material. Accordingly, you should not place undue
reliance upon these preliminary estimates. 

###
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>klxe-20250307.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>klxe-20250307_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>klxe-20250307_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g889500g95u55.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001738827

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 07, 2025

Entity Registrant Name KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38609

Entity Tax Identification Number 36-4904146

Entity Address, Address Line One 3040 Post Oak Boulevard

Entity Address, Address Line Two 15th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77056

City Area Code (832)

Local Phone Number 844-1015

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value

Trading Symbol KLXE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.klx.com//20250307/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d889500d8k.htm 
klxe-20250307.xsd 
klxe-20250307_lab.xml 
klxe-20250307_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-049126-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d889500d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001738827 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

false 
0001738827 
8-K 
2025-03-07 
KLX ENERGY SERVICES HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
001-38609 
36-4904146 
3040 Post Oak Boulevard 
15th Floor 
Houston 
TX 
77056 
(832) 
844-1015 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 Par Value 
KLXE 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>