<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-029444.txt : 20250328
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-029444.hdr.sgml : 20250328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250328170323
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-029444
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001863990
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPTICAL INSTRUMENTS & LENSES [3827]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				863962954
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40916
		FILM NUMBER:		25787461

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2105 WEST CARDINAL DRIVE
		CITY:			BEAUMONT
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77705
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(866) 861-0788

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2105 WEST CARDINAL DRIVE
		CITY:			BEAUMONT
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77705

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Infrared Cameras Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20231219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sportsmap Tech Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210524
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2510580d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000186399000018639902025-03-282025-03-280001863990MSAI:CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember2025-03-282025-03-280001863990MSAI:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember2025-03-282025-03-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 28, 2025

MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) 

001-40916

(Commission File Number) 

86-3938682

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2105 West Cardinal Drive

Beaumont, Texas77705

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(866) 861-0788

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class 

Trading
Symbol(s) 

Name
of each exchange

on which registered

Common
stock, $0.0001 par value per share MSAI The NASDAQStock Market LLC

Warrants
to purchase common stock MSAIW The NASDAQStock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 28, 2025, MultiSensor
AI Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) entered into an at market issuance sales agreement (the Sales
Agreement) with B. Riley Securities, Inc., as sales agent or principal (the Agent), under which the Company may offer
and sell shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, having an aggregate market value of up to $8,625,000
from time to time through the Agent.

Sales of common stock under
the Sales Agreement, if any, will be in at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, including, without limitation, sales made directly on or through The Nasdaq Capital Market or on any other existing trading
market for the Companys common stock, as applicable, or to or through a market maker or any other method permitted by law, including,
without limitation, negotiated transactions and block trades. The Agent is not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of
securities, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, on mutually agreed
terms between the Agent and the Company. The Sales Agreement sets parameters for the sale of shares of our common stock, including the
maximum number or amount of shares to be sold, the time period during which sales may be made, any limitation on the number or amount
of shares that may be sold in any one trading day, and any minimum price below which sales may not be made. The Company intends to use
the net proceeds from sales of common stock under the Sales Agreement, if any, for working capital and general corporate purposes.

The Sales Agreement contains
customary representations and warranties of the Company and indemnification and contribution provisions under which the Company has agreed
to indemnify the Agent against certain specified liabilities. The Company will pay the Agent a commission at a mutually agreed rate of
up to 3% of the gross sales proceeds from sales of common stock under the Sales Agreement. The offering of common stock pursuant to the
Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (i) the sale of all shares of common stock subject to the Sales Agreement or (ii) the
termination of the Sales Agreement by the Agent or the Company in accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement.

Offers and sales of shares
of common stock by the Company, if any, under the Sales Agreement, will be made through a prospectus supplement, dated March 28, 2025,
and an accompanying base prospectus, dated January 30, 2025, contained therein (the Prospectus Supplement), which together
form a part of the Companys shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284437), initially filed by the Company with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 23, 2025, and declared effective by the SEC on January
30, 2025. The aggregate market value of the shares of common stock eligible for sale under the Prospectus Supplement is currently $8,625,000,
which is based on the limitations of General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3.

The foregoing description
of the Sales Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement, a copy of which
is filed herewith as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

This Current Report on Form
8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities discussed herein, nor shall there be any
sale of such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

A copy of the legal opinion
of Haynes and Boone, LLP regarding the legality of the shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to the Sales Agreement is attached
to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 5.1.

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial
Condition.

On March 28, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing its financial results for the fourth fiscal quarter and the twelve months ended December 31, 2024. A
copy of the press release is furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The information in this Item
2.02 of Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section and is not incorporated
by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Exchange
Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

The information contained in Item 2.02 of this
Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Exhibits and Financial Statements.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit

1.1 At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated March 28, 2025, by and between MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. and B. Riley Securities, Inc., as sales agent.

5.1 Opinion of Haynes and Boone, LLP.

23.1 Consent of Haynes and Boone, LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 Press Release of MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc., dated March 28, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.

Date: March 28, 2025 By: 

/s/ Robert Nadolny

Name: Robert Nadolny

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2510580d1_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

MULTISENSOR AI HOLDINGS, INC.

Common Stock

(par value $0.0001 per share)

At Market Issuance Sales Agreement

March 28, 2025

B.
Riley Securities, Inc.

299 Park Avenue, 21st Floor

New York, NY 10171

Ladies and Gentlemen:

MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with B. Riley
Securities, Inc. (the Agent) as follows:

1. Issuance
and Sale of Shares. The Company agrees that, from time to time during the term of this Agreement, on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, it may issue and sell through or to the Agent, as sales agent or principal, shares (the Placement
Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock); provided
however, that in no event shall the Company issue or sell through the Agent such number of Placement Shares that (a) exceeds
the number of shares or dollar amount of Common Stock registered on the effective Registration Statement (as defined below) pursuant
to which the offering is being made or (b) exceeds the number of shares or dollar amount registered on the Prospectus Supplement
(as defined below) (the lesser of (a) or (b) the Maximum Amount) and provided further, however,
that in no event shall the aggregate number of Placement Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement exceed the number of authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto agree that compliance with the
limitations set forth in this Section 1 on the number of Placement Shares issued and sold under this Agreement shall be the
sole responsibility of the Company and that the Agent shall have no obligation in connection with such compliance. The issuance and sale
of Placement Shares through the Agent will be effected pursuant to the Registration Statement (as defined below), although nothing in
this Agreement shall be construed as requiring the Company to use the Registration Statement to issue any Placement Shares.

The Company has filed, in
accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Securities
Act), with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission), a registration statement on Form S-3
(File No. 333-284437), including a base prospectus, relating to certain securities including the Placement Shares to be issued from
time to time by the Company, and which incorporates by reference documents that the Company has filed or will file in accordance with
the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Exchange
Act). The Company has prepared a prospectus supplement to the base prospectus included as part of such registration statement
specifically relating to the Placement Shares (the Prospectus Supplement). The Company will furnish to the Agent,
for use by the Agent, copies of the base prospectus included as part of such registration statement, as supplemented by the Prospectus
Supplement, relating to the Placement Shares. Except where the context otherwise requires, such registration statement, and any post-effective
amendment thereto, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and including any information
contained in a Prospectus (as defined below) subsequently filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities
Act or deemed to be a part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act, or any subsequent registration
statement on Form S-3 filed pursuant to Rule 415(a)(6) under the Securities Act by the Company to cover any Placement
Shares, is herein called the Registration Statement. The base prospectus, including all documents incorporated or
deemed incorporated therein by reference to the extent such information has not been superseded or modified in accordance with Rule 412
under the Securities Act (as qualified by Rule 430B(g) of the Securities Act), included in the Registration Statement, as it
may be supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, in the form in which such base prospectus and/or Prospectus Supplement have most recently
been filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act is herein called the Prospectus.
Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to refer to
and include the documents incorporated by reference therein, and any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment
or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the
filing after the execution hereof of any document with the Commission incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated Documents).

For purposes of this Agreement,
all references to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or to any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to include the
most recent copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System, or if applicable,
the Interactive Data Electronic Application system when used by the Commission (collectively, EDGAR).

2. Placements.
Each time that the Company wishes to issue and sell Placement Shares hereunder (each, a Placement), it will notify
the Agent by electronic mail (or other method mutually agreed to in writing by the parties) of the number of Placement Shares, the time
period during which sales are requested to be made, any limitation on the number of Placement Shares that may be sold in any one day
and any minimum price below which sales may not be made (a Placement Notice), the form of which is attached hereto
as Schedule 1. The Placement Notice shall originate from any of the individuals from the Company set forth on Schedule 3
(with a copy to each of the other individuals from the Company listed on such schedule) and shall be addressed to each of the individuals
from the Agent set forth on Schedule 3, as such Schedule 3 may be amended from time to time. The Placement Notice shall
be effective immediately upon receipt by the Agent unless and until (i) the Agent declines in writing to accept the terms contained
therein for any reason, in its sole discretion, which declination will be conveyed to the Company as promptly as practicable, (ii) the
entire amount of the Placement Shares thereunder has been sold, (iii) the Company amends, supersedes, suspends or terminates the
Placement Notice, which amendment, supersession, suspension and termination rights may be exercised by the Company at any time in its
sole discretion, or (iv) this Agreement has been terminated under the provisions of Section 13. The amount of any discount,
commission or other compensation to be paid by the Company to the Agent in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares shall be
calculated in accordance with the terms set forth in Schedule 2. It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that neither the Company
nor the Agent will have any obligation whatsoever with respect to a Placement or any Placement Shares unless and until the Company delivers
a Placement Notice to the Agent and the Agent does not decline (and the Company does not suspend or terminate) such Placement Notice
pursuant to the terms set forth above, and then only upon the terms specified therein and herein. In the event of a conflict between
the terms of Sections 2 or 3 of this Agreement and the terms of a Placement Notice, the terms of the Placement Notice will
control.

3. Sale
of Placement Shares by the Agent. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the period specified in a Placement
Notice, the Agent will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable
state and federal laws, rules and regulations and the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange),
to sell the Placement Shares up to the amount specified in, and otherwise in accordance with the terms of, such Placement Notice. The
Agent will provide written confirmation to the Company no later than the opening of the Trading Day (as defined below) immediately following
the Trading Day on which it has made sales of Placement Shares hereunder setting forth the number of Placement Shares sold on such day,
the compensation payable by the Company to the Agent pursuant to Section 2 with respect to such sales, and the Net Proceeds
(as defined below) payable to the Company, with an itemization of the deductions made by the Agent (as set forth in Section 5(b))
from the gross proceeds it receives from such sales. Subject to the terms of a Placement Notice, the Agent may sell Placement Shares
by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act.
Trading Day means any day on which shares of Common Stock are purchased and sold on the Exchange.

4. Suspension
of Sales. The Company or the Agent may, upon notice to the other party in writing (including by email correspondence to each of the
individuals of the other party set forth on Schedule 3, if receipt of such correspondence is actually acknowledged by any of the
individuals to whom the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply) or by telephone (confirmed immediately by verifiable facsimile transmission
or email correspondence to each of the individuals of the other party set forth on Schedule 3), suspend any sale of Placement
Shares (a Suspension); provided, however, that such suspension shall not affect or impair any partys
obligations with respect to any Placement Shares sold hereunder prior to the receipt of such notice. While a Suspension is in effect,
any obligation under Sections 7(l), 7(m), and 7(n) with respect to the delivery of certificates, opinions,
or comfort letters to the Agent, shall be waived. Each of the parties agrees that no such notice under this Section 4 shall
be effective against any other party unless it is made to one of the individuals named on Schedule 3 hereto, as such Schedule
may be amended from time to time.

- 2 -

5. Sale
and Delivery to Agent; Settlement.

a. Sale
of Placement Shares. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions
herein set forth, upon the Agents acceptance of the terms of a Placement Notice, and unless the sale of the Placement Shares described
therein has been amended, supplemented, declined, suspended, or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
the Agent, for the period specified in the Placement Notice, will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal
trading and sales practices and applicable state and federal laws, rules and regulations and the rules of the Exchange to sell
such Placement Shares up to the amount specified in, and otherwise in accordance with the terms of, such Placement Notice. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that the Agent will be successful in selling Placement Shares, (ii) the
Agent will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other person or entity if it does not sell Placement Shares for any
reason other than a failure by the Agent to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices
and applicable state and federal laws, rules and regulations and the rules of the Exchange to sell such Placement Shares as
required under this Agreement and (iii) the Agent shall be under no obligation to purchase Placement Shares on a principal basis
pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise agreed by the Agent and the Company.

b. Settlement
of Placement Shares. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Placement Notice, settlement for sales of Placement Shares will
occur on the first (1st) Trading Day (or such earlier day as is industry practice for regular-way trading) following the date
on which such sales are made (each, a Settlement Date). The Agent shall notify the Company of each sale of Placement
Shares no later than the opening of the Trading Day immediately following the Trading Day that the Agent has sold Placement Shares. The
amount of proceeds to be delivered to the Company on a Settlement Date against receipt of the Placement Shares sold (the Net
Proceeds) will be equal to the aggregate sales price received by the Agent, after deduction for (i) the Agents
commission, discount or other compensation for such sales payable by the Company pursuant to Section 2 hereof, and (ii) any
transaction fees imposed by any governmental or self-regulatory organization in respect of such sales.

c. Delivery
of Placement Shares. On or before each Settlement Date, the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer
the Placement Shares being sold by crediting the Agents or its designees account (provided the Agent shall have given the
Company written notice of such designee and such designees account information at least one Trading Day prior to the Settlement
Date) at The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may
be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto which in all cases shall be freely tradeable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable
form. On each Settlement Date, the Agent will deliver the related Net Proceeds in same day funds to an account designated by the Company
on, or prior to, the Settlement Date. Upon request by the Company, the Agent will provide DWAC instructions or other instructions for
delivery by other means with respect to the transfer of the Placement Shares being sold. The Company agrees that if the Company, or its
transfer agent (if applicable), defaults in its obligation to deliver Placement Shares on a Settlement Date through no fault of the Agent,
then in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Section 11(a) hereto, it will (i) hold
the Agent harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or reasonable, documented expense (including reasonable and documented legal fees
and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company or its transfer agent (if applicable) and
(ii) pay to the Agent (without duplication) any commission, discount, or other compensation to which it would otherwise have been
entitled absent such default.

d. Limitations
on Offering Size. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Placement Shares if, after giving
effect to the sale of such Placement Shares, the aggregate number of Placement Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement would exceed the
lesser of (A) together with all sales of Placement Shares under this Agreement, the Maximum Amount and (B) the amount authorized
from time to time to be issued and sold under this Agreement by the Companys board of directors, a duly authorized committee thereof
or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified to the Agent in writing. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request
the offer or sale of any Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement at a price lower than the minimum price authorized from time to
time by the Companys board of directors, a duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified
to the Agent in writing.

- 3 -

6. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement or Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
the Incorporated Documents), the Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with the Agent that as of the date of this Agreement
and as of each Applicable Time (as defined below), unless such representation, warranty or agreement specifies a different date or time:

a. Registration
Statement and Prospectus. The transactions contemplated by this Agreement, assuming no act or omission on the part of the Agent that
would make such statement untrue, meet the requirements for and comply with the conditions for the use of Form S-3 under the Securities
Act. The Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission and has been declared effective under the Securities Act. The Prospectus
Supplement will name the Agent as the Agent in the section entitled Plan of Distribution. The Company has not received,
and has no notice of, any Order of the Commission preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, or threatening or instituting
Proceedings for that purpose. The Registration Statement and the offer and sale of Placement Shares as contemplated hereby meet the requirements
of Rule 415 under the Securities Act and comply in all material respects with said Rule. Any statutes, regulations, contracts or
other documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration
Statement have been so described or filed, as applicable. Copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, and any such amendments
or supplements and all Incorporated Documents therein that were filed with the Commission on or prior to the date of this Agreement have
been delivered, or are available through EDGAR, to the Agent and its counsel. The Company has not distributed and, prior to the later
to occur of each Settlement Date and completion of the distribution of the Placement Shares, will not distribute any offering material
in connection with the offering or sale of the Placement Shares other than the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) to which the Agent has consented, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed, or that is required by applicable law or the listing maintenance requirements of the Exchange. The Common Stock is currently
listed on the Exchange under the trading symbol MSAI. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from the Exchange to the effect that the Company is
not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of the Exchange. To the Companys knowledge, it is in compliance
with all such listing and maintenance requirements of the Exchange in all material respects.

b. No
Misstatement or Omission. At each Settlement Date, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as of such date, will conform in
all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. The Registration Statement, when it became or becomes effective, did
not, and will not, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus and any amendment and supplement thereto, on the date thereof and at each
Applicable Time (defined below), did not or will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Incorporated
Documents did not, and any further documents filed and incorporated by reference therein will not, when filed with the Commission, contain
an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated in such document or necessary to make the
statements in such document, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing shall not apply
to statements in, or omissions from, any such document made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, information furnished to the Company
by the Agent specifically for use in the preparation thereof.

c. Conformity
with Securities Act and Exchange Act. The Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment
or supplement thereto, and the Incorporated Documents, when such documents were or are filed with the Commission under the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act or became or become effective under the Securities Act, as the case may be, conformed or will conform in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable.

- 4 -

d. Financial
Information. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus, together with the related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and changes
in stockholders equity of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods specified (subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal year-end audit adjustments which will not be material, either individually or in the aggregate) and have been prepared in all
material respects in compliance with the published requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis (except
(i) for such adjustments to accounting standards and practices as are noted therein and (ii) in the case of unaudited interim
statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) during the periods involved. The other
financial, statistical and market-related data with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries contained or incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, if any, are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes, after reasonable
inquiry, to be reliable and accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived
from such sources. There are no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that are required to be included or incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that are not included or incorporated by reference as required. All disclosures contained
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, if any, regarding non-GAAP financial measures
(as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission) comply in all material respects with Regulation G of the
Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent applicable.

e. Conformity
with EDGAR Filing. The Prospectus delivered to the Agent for use in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares pursuant to
this Agreement will be identical to the versions of the Prospectus created to be transmitted to the Commission for filing via EDGAR,
except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

f. Organization.
The Company and any subsidiary that is a significant subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated
by the Commission) (each, a Subsidiary, collectively, the Subsidiaries), are, and will be, duly incorporated
or organized, as the case may be, validly existing as a corporation or limited liability company, as applicable , are and will be in
good standing (where such concept exists) under the laws of their respective jurisdictions of organization. The Company and the Subsidiaries
are duly licensed or qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity for the transaction of business and in good standing under the
laws of each other jurisdiction in which their respective ownership or lease of property or the conduct of their respective businesses
requires such license or qualification, and have all corporate or limited liability company power and authority necessary to own or hold
their respective properties and to conduct their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing or have such power or authority would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the assets, business, operations, earnings, properties, condition (financial
or otherwise), stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or prevent or
materially interfere with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (a Material Adverse Effect).

g. Subsidiaries.
The Company owns directly or indirectly, all of the equity interests of the Subsidiaries free and clear of any lien, charge, security
interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal or other restriction, and all the equity interests of the Subsidiaries are validly issued
and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive and similar rights. The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly,
any corporation, association or other entity other than the subsidiaries listed in Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the most recently ended fiscal year and other than those subsidiaries not required to be listed on Exhibit 21.1
by Item 601 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act.

h. No
Violation or Default. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is (i) in violation of its charter or by-laws or similar organizational documents; (ii) in default, and no event has occurred
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such a default, in the due performance or observance of any term, covenant
or condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other similar agreement or instrument to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or to which any of the property or assets of
the Company or any Subsidiary is subject; or (iii) in violation of any law or statute or any judgment, Order, rule or regulation
of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Company, except, in the case of each
of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such violation or default that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys knowledge, no other party under any material contract or other
material agreement to which it or any Subsidiary is a party is in default in any respect thereunder where such default would have a Material
Adverse Effect.

- 5 -

i. No
Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, since
the most recently completed fiscal year end: (i) the Company has not experienced or suffered any Material Adverse Effect, and there
exists no current state of facts, condition or event which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) there
has not occurred any material adverse change, or any development that would reasonably be expected to result in a prospective material
adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business or operations of the Company from that set forth
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

j. Solvency.
The Company has not taken any steps, and does not currently expect to take any steps, to seek protection pursuant to any Bankruptcy Law,
nor, to the Companys knowledge, does any of its creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any Bankruptcy Law. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement
and Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries are financially solvent and are generally able to pay their respective debts as they
become due.

k. Capitalization.
The authorized capital stock of the Company and the shares thereof issued and outstanding were as set forth in the Registration Statement
or the Prospectus as of the dates reflected therein. All of the outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly
issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or this Agreement, there
are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company is obligated to register the sale of any securities under the Securities Act.
Except as set forth in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, no shares of Common Stock are entitled to preemptive rights and
there are no outstanding debt securities and no contracts, commitments, understandings, or arrangements by which the Company is or may
become bound to issue additional shares of the capital stock of the Company or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls
or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for, any shares of capital
stock of the Company other than those issued or granted in the ordinary course of business pursuant to the Companys equity incentive
and/or compensatory plans or arrangements. Except for customary transfer restrictions contained in agreements entered into by the Company
to sell restricted securities or as set forth in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, the Company is not a party to, and it
has no knowledge of, any agreement restricting the voting or transfer of any shares of the capital stock of the Company. Except as set
forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions
that will be triggered by this Agreement. The Company has filed with the Commission true and correct copies of the Companys Second
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended) as in effect on the date of this Agreement, and the Companys Second
Amended and Restated Bylaws as in effect on the date of this Agreement.

l. S-3
Eligibility. (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement and (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto
for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment,
incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus), the Company met or will
meet the then applicable requirements for the use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, including, but not limited to, General Instruction
I.B.6 of Form S-3, if applicable. As of the close of trading on the Exchange on March 27, 2025, the aggregate market value
of the outstanding voting and non-voting common equity (as defined in Rule 405) of the Company held by persons other than affiliates
of the Company (pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act, those that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
control, or are controlled by, or are under common control with, the Company) (the Non-Affiliate Shares), was approximately
$25,971,359 (calculated by multiplying (x) the price at which the common equity of the Company was last sold on the Exchange on
February 18, 2025 times (y) the number of Non-Affiliate Shares). The Company is not a shell company (as defined in Rule 405
under the Securities Act) and has not been a shell company for at least 12 calendar months previously and if it has been a shell company
at any time previously, has filed current Form 10 information (as defined in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3) with the
Commission at least 12 calendar months previously reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

m. Authorization;
Enforceability. The Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform the transactions contemplated
hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a legal, valid and binding agreement of
the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that (i) enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable
principles and (ii) the indemnification and contribution provisions of Section 11 hereof may be limited by federal or
state securities laws and public policy considerations in respect thereof.

- 6 -

n. Authorization
of Placement Shares. The Placement Shares, when issued and delivered pursuant to the terms approved by the board of directors of
the Company or a duly authorized committee thereof, or a duly authorized executive committee, against payment therefor as provided herein,
will be duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of any pledge, lien, encumbrance, security
interest or other claim (other than any pledge, lien, encumbrance, security interest or other claim arising from an act or omission of
the Agent or a purchaser), including any statutory or contractual preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal or other
similar rights, and will be registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. The Placement Shares, when issued, will conform
in all material respects to the description thereof set forth in or incorporated into the Prospectus.

o. No
Consents Required. No consent, approval, authorization, Order, registration or qualification of or with any court or arbitrator or
any governmental or regulatory authority is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, and
the issuance and sale by the Company of the Placement Shares as contemplated hereby, except for such consents, approvals, authorizations,
Orders and registrations or qualifications (i) as may be required under applicable state securities laws or by the by-laws and rules of
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) or the Exchange, including any notices that may be required
by the Exchange, in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares by the Agent, (ii) as may be required under the Securities
Act, (iii) as have been previously obtained by the Company and (iv) to the extent the failure to obtain such consents, approvals,
authorizations, orders, registrations, or qualifications would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

p. No
Preferential Rights. (i) Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, no person, as such term is defined
in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act (each, a Person), has the right, contractual
or otherwise, to cause the Company to issue or sell to such Person any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities
of the Company (other than upon the exercise of options or warrants to purchase Common Stock or securities exercisable for, or convertible
into, Common Stock or upon the vesting of restricted stock units or exercise of options that may be granted from time to time under the
Companys equity incentive plans), (ii) no Person has any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal, or any other rights
(whether pursuant to a poison pill provision or otherwise) to purchase any Common Stock or shares of any other capital
stock or other securities of the Company from the Company which have not been duly waived with respect to the offering contemplated hereby,
(iii) no Person has the right to act as an underwriter or as a financial advisor to the Company in connection with the offer and
sale of the Placement Shares, except as contemplated by this Agreement, and (iv) no Person has the right, contractual or otherwise,
to require the Company to register under the Securities Act any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities
of the Company, or to include any such shares or other securities in the Registration Statement or the offering contemplated thereby,
whether as a result of the filing or effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the sale of the Placement Shares as contemplated
thereby or otherwise, except in each case for such rights as have been waived on or prior to the date hereof.

q. Independent
Public Accountant. Deloitte & Touche LLP (the Accountant), whose report on the consolidated financial
statements of the Company is filed with the Commission as part of the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the Commission and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, is and, during the periods covered by their report,
was an independent public accountant within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). To the Companys knowledge, the Accountant is not in violation of the auditor independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) with respect to the Company and with respect to the periods covered by its
report.

r. Enforceability
of Agreements. All agreements between the Company and third parties that are filed as exhibits and incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement or the Prospectus, other than such agreements that have expired by their terms or whose termination is disclosed
in documents filed by the Company on EDGAR, are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company and, to the Companys knowledge,
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except to the extent that (i) enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles
and (ii) the indemnification provisions of certain agreements may be limited by federal or state securities laws or public policy
considerations in respect thereof, and except for any unenforceability that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material
Adverse Effect.

- 7 -

s. No
Litigation. There are no Proceedings pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to which the Company or any Subsidiary
is a party or to which any of the properties of the Company or any Subsidiary is subject other than Proceedings accurately described
in all material respects in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus and Proceedings that would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or on the power or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this
Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Prospectus and there are no statutes, regulations, contracts or
other documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration
Statement that are not described or filed as required.

t. Licenses
and Permits. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, the Company and the Subsidiaries possess or have
obtained, all licenses, certificates, consents, Orders, approvals, permits and other authorizations issued by, and have made all declarations
and filings with, the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authorities that are necessary for the
ownership or lease of their respective properties or the conduct of their respective businesses as currently conducted, as described
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (the Permits), except where the failure to possess, obtain or make
the same would not be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus or as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
(i) each Permit is in full force and effect in accordance with its terms, (ii) no written notice of revocation, cancellation
or termination of any Permit has been received by the Company and (iii) there are, and have been, no Proceedings pending or, to
the Companys knowledge, threatened relating to the suspension, revocation or material and adverse modification of any of such
Permit. This Section 6(r) does not relate to environmental matters, such items being the subject of Section 6(aa).

u. No
Material Defaults. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary are (i) in violation of its charter or bylaws or similar organization
document or (ii) has defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases,
which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not
filed a report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act since the filing of its last Annual Report on Form 10-K,
indicating that it (i) has failed to pay any dividend or sinking fund installment on preferred stock or (ii) has defaulted
on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually
or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

v. Certain
Market Activities. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any of their respective directors,
officers or controlling persons has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed, or that has constituted or would reasonably be
expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of
the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Placement Shares.

w. Broker/Dealer
Relationships. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary or any related entities (i) is required to register as a broker
or dealer in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Act or (ii) directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls or is a person associated with a member or associated person of a member (within
the meaning set forth in the FINRA Manual).

x. No
Reliance. The Company has not relied upon the Agent or legal counsel for the Agent for any legal, tax or accounting advice in connection
with the offering and sale of the Placement Shares.

y. Taxes.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, the Company and the Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state,
local and foreign tax returns which have been required to be filed, or have properly requested extensions thereof, and paid all taxes
shown thereon through the date hereof, to the extent that such taxes have become due and are not being contested in good faith, except
where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus, no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company or any Subsidiary which has had, or would
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no knowledge of any federal, state or other governmental
tax deficiency, penalty or assessment which has been or might be asserted or threatened against the Company which would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

- 8 -

zz. Title
to Real and Personal Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and valid title to all items of real property and good
and valid title to all personal property described in the Registration Statement or Prospectus as being owned by them that are material
to the businesses of the Company or such Subsidiary, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and claims, except those
that (i) do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries
or (ii) would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property
described in the Registration Statement or Prospectus as being leased by the Company and the Subsidiaries is held by them under valid,
existing and enforceable leases, except those that (A) do not materially interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such
property by the Company or the Subsidiaries or (B) would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect.

aa. Intellectual
Property. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company and the Subsidiaries own or possess adequate
enforceable rights to use all patents, patent applications, trademarks (both registered and unregistered), trade names, trademark registrations,
service marks, service mark registrations, Internet domain name registrations, copyrights, copyright registrations, licenses and
know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures)
(collectively, the Intellectual Property), necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as conducted
as of the date hereof, except to the extent that the failure to own or possess adequate rights to use such Intellectual Property would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and the Subsidiaries have
not received any written notice of any claim of infringement or conflict which asserted Intellectual Property rights of others, which
infringement or conflict would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There are no pending, or to the Companys
knowledge, threatened judicial proceedings or interference proceedings challenging the Companys or any Subsidiarys rights
in or to or the validity of the scope of any of the Companys or its Subsidiaries patents, patent applications or proprietary
information. No other entity or individual has any right or claim in any of the Companys or any of its Subsidiarys patents,
patent applications or any patent to be issued therefrom by virtue of any contract, license or other agreement entered into between such
entity or individual and the Company or any Subsidiary or by any non-contractual obligation, other than by written licenses granted by
the Company or any Subsidiary. The Company has not received any written notice of any claim challenging the rights of the Company or
its Subsidiaries in or to any Intellectual Property owned, licensed or optioned by the Company or any Subsidiary which claim, if the
subject of an unfavorable decision, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

bb. Compliance
with Applicable Laws. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:

(i) The
Company has not been advised, and has no reason to believe, that it and each of its subsidiaries are not conducting business in compliance
in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdictions in which it is conducting business.

(ii) The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries (i) conducts its business in accordance in all material respects with all Laws applicable to
the Company or such Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, is not in violation in any material respect of any such Law, and
(ii) has not received any written communications or, to the Companys knowledge, any other communications from a Governmental
Entity that alleges that the Company or such Subsidiary is not in compliance in all material respects with any such Law.

No Products have been seized, withdrawn, recalled, detained or subject
to a suspension, other than in the ordinary course of business, and no Proceedings in the United States or any other jurisdiction seeking
the withdrawal, recall, revocation, suspension, import detention or seizure of any Product are pending or, to the Companys knowledge,
have been threatened in writing against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

- 9 -

cc. Environmental
Laws. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company and the Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance
with any and all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations, decisions and orders relating to the protection
of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (collectively, Environmental
Laws); (ii) have received and are in compliance with all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable
Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; and (iii) have
not received notice of any actual or potential liability for the investigation or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous
or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, except, in the case of any of clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above,
for any such failure to comply or failure to receive required permits, licenses, other approvals or liability as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

dd. Disclosure
Controls. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company maintains a system of internal accounting
controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general
or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general
or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. Except as set forth in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus, since the date of the latest audited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus, there has been no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Except as set forth in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company has established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated
the effectiveness of the Companys controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of the Form 10-K
for the fiscal year most recently ended (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its Form 10-K
for the fiscal year most recently ended the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures based on their evaluations as of the most recent Evaluation Date and, except as set forth in such Form 10-K or any
Registration Statement and the Prospectus filed with the Commission for a period subsequent to the period covered by such Form 10-K,
the disclosure controls and procedures are effective.

ee. Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of the Companys
directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Each of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer
of the Company (or each former principal executive officer of the Company and each former principal financial officer of the Company
as applicable) has made all certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to all reports, schedules,
forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it or furnished by it to the Commission during the past 12 months. For
purposes of the preceding sentence, principal executive officer and principal financial officer shall have
the meanings given to such terms in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15.

ff. Compliance
with Exchange Rules. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus there has been no failure on the part of
the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of the Companys officers, directors or director nominees, in their capacities
as such,to comply with (as and when applicable), the applicable requirements of the rules of the Exchange that individually or in
the aggregate could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Further, there is and has been no failure on the part
of the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of the Companys officers, directors or director nominees, in their capacities
as such, to comply with (as and when applicable) the phase-in requirements and all other applicable provisions of corporate governance
requirements set forth in the rules of the Exchange that individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

- 10 -

gg. Finders
Fees. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has incurred any liability for any finders fees, brokerage commissions or similar
payments in connection with the transactions herein contemplated, except as may otherwise exist with respect to the Agent pursuant to
this Agreement.

hh. Labor
Disputes. No labor disturbance by or dispute with employees of the Company or any Subsidiary exists or, to the knowledge of the Company,
is threatened which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

ii. Investment
Company Act. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is or, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Placement Shares,
will be required to register as an investment company or an entity controlled by an investment company,
as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

jj. Operations.
The operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in the last five (5) years in compliance
with applicable financial record keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions to which the Company or the Subsidiaries are subject, the rules and
regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental
agency having jurisdiction over the Company (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), except where the failure
to be in such compliance would not result in a Material Adverse Effect; and no Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency,
authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

kk. Underwriter
Agreements. Other than with respect to this Agreement, and except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
the Company is not a party to any agreement with an agent or underwriter for any other at the market or continuous equity
transaction.

ll. ERISA.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each material employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA) that is maintained, administered or contributed
to by the Company or the Subsidiaries for employees or former employees, directors or independent contractors of the Company, has been
maintained in material compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable federal, state, local and foreign Laws, including
but not limited to ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); no prohibited transaction,
within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred which would result in a material liability
to the Company with respect to any such plan excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption; for
each such plan that is subject to the funding rules of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, no accumulated
funding deficiency as defined in Section 412 of the Code has been incurred, whether or not waived, and the fair market value
of the assets of each such plan that is subject to the funding rules of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA
(excluding for these purposes accrued but unpaid contributions) equals or exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such
plan determined using reasonable actuarial assumptions.

mm. Forward-Looking
Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act) (a Forward-Looking Statement) contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed
without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

nn. Margin
Rules. Neither the issuance, sale and delivery of the Placement Shares nor the application of the proceeds thereof by the Company
as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System.

oo. Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in
such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not
limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing
insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue
its business without a significant increase in cost.

- 11 -

pp. No
Improper Practices. (i) No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or, to the Companys knowledge,
the Subsidiaries or any affiliate of any of them, on the one hand, and the directors, officers and stockholders of the Company or, to
the Companys knowledge, the Subsidiaries, on the other hand, that is required by the Securities Act to be described in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus that is not so described; (ii) no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company
or the Subsidiaries or any affiliate of them, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders or directors of the Company
or, to the Companys knowledge, the Subsidiaries, on the other hand, that is required by the rules of FINRA to be described
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that is not so described; (iii) there are no material outstanding loans or advances
or material guarantees of indebtedness by the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, the Subsidiaries to or for the benefit of
any of their respective officers or directors or any of the members of the families of any of them; (iv) the Company has not offered,
or caused any placement agent to offer, Common Stock to any person with the intent to influence unlawfully (A) a customer or supplier
of the Company or the Subsidiaries to alter the customers or suppliers level or type of business with the Company or the
Subsidiaries or (B) a trade journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or the Subsidiaries
or any of their respective products or services, and (v) neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys knowledge,
any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company or the Subsidiaries has made any payment of funds of the Company or the Subsidiaries
or received or retained any funds in violation of any law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977), which payment, receipt or retention of funds is of a character required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement
or the Prospectus.

qq. Status
Under the Securities Act. The Company is not currently, and has not been since December 19, 2023, a shell company as defined
in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The Company has filed current Form 10 information (as defined in Rule 144(i)(3) under
the Securities Act) with the Commission on December 28, 2023 reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

rr. No
Misstatement or Omission in an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, if any, as of its issue date
and as of each Applicable Time (as defined in Section 25 below), did not, does not and will not, through the completion of
the Placement or Placements for which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus is issued, include any information that conflicted, conflicts
or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, including any Incorporated Document
that has not been superseded or modified. The foregoing sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein.

ss. No
Conflicts. Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor the issuance, offering or sale of the Placement Shares, nor the consummation
of any of the transactions contemplated herein, nor the compliance by the Company with the terms and provisions hereof will conflict
with, or will result in a breach of, any of the terms and provisions of, or has constituted or will constitute a default under, or has
resulted in or will result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company
pursuant to the terms of any contract or other agreement to which the Company may be bound or to which any of the property or assets
of the Company is subject, except (i) such conflicts, breaches or defaults as may have been waived and (ii) such conflicts,
breaches and defaults that would not have a Material Adverse Effect; nor will such action result (x) in any violation of the provisions
of the organizational or governing documents of the Company, or (y) in any material violation of the provisions of any statute or
any Order, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or of any court or of any federal, state or other regulatory authority or
other government body having jurisdiction over the Company, except where such violation would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

- 12 -

tt. Compliance
with International Trade & Anti-Corruption Laws. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:

(i) None
of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any of their respective officers, directors, managers or, to the Companys knowledge,
any of their employees or other representatives, or any other Persons acting for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, is, or has been,
within the past five (5) years, (i) a Sanctioned Person; (ii) located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country;
(iii) an entity 50% or more owned, directly or indirectly, by one or more Sanctioned Persons or a Person described in clause (ii);
(iv) otherwise engaging in dealings with or for the benefit of any Person described in clauses (i) through (iii) in violation
of Sanctions and Export Control Laws; or (v) otherwise in violation of any applicable Sanctions and Export Control Laws.

(ii) None
of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any of their respective officers, directors, managers or, to the knowledge of the Company, any
of their employees or agents, is in violation of the Sanctions and Export Control Laws, or in the last five (5) years has violated
the Sanctions and Export Control Laws.

(iii) None
of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any of their respective officers, directors, managers or, to the Companys knowledge,
any of their employees or other representatives, or any other Persons acting for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, has within the
past five (5) years, (i) made, authorized, offered, promised, paid, solicited or received any unlawful bribes, kickbacks or
other similar payments to or from any Person, (ii) made, authorized, offered, promised, paid, solicited or received any contributions,
payment of money, or other thing of value (including any fee, gift, sample, travel expense, or entertainment), bribe, unlawful rebate,
payoff, influence payment, or kickback, directly or knowingly indirectly, to a domestic or foreign political party or candidate, each
in violation of Anti-Corruption Laws, or (iii) otherwise made, authorized, offered, promised, paid, solicited or received any unlawful
gifts, entertainment, hospitality, travel, unlawful expenses, or any improper payment, each in violation of Anti-Corruption Laws.

(iv) There
are not now, nor have there been in the past five (5) years, any Proceedings, Orders, or governmental investigations alleging any
violations of Anti-Corruption Laws or Sanctions and Export Control Laws by the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its
representatives or any other Persons, in each case to the extent acting for or on behalf of any of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and, to the Companys knowledge, no such Proceedings, Orders, or governmental investigations have been threatened or are pending.

(v) The
Company and its Subsidiaries currently maintain, and within the past five (5) years have maintained, policies and procedures reasonably
designed to promote compliance with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws.

(vi) Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries engages in (i) the design, fabrication, development, testing, production or manufacture
of one or more critical technologies within the meaning of Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended,
including all implementing regulations thereof (the DPA), other than critical technology classified under export
control classification number 1C010; (ii) the ownership, operation, maintenance, supply, manufacture, or servicing of covered
investment critical infrastructure within the meaning of the DPA (where such activities are covered by column 2 of Appendix A
to 31 C.F.R. Part 800); or (iii) the maintenance or collection, directly or indirectly, of sensitive personal data
of U.S. citizens within the meaning of the DPA. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any intention to engage in the above
activities in the future.

uu. Stock
Transfer Taxes. On each Settlement Date, all material stock transfer or other taxes (other than income taxes) which are required
to be paid in connection with the sale and transfer of the Placement Shares to be sold hereunder will be, or will have been, fully paid
or provided for by the Company and all laws imposing such taxes will be or will have been fully complied with by the Company in all material
respects.

vv. IT
Systems. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company or one of its Subsidiaries owns
or has a valid right to use the IT Systems as necessary to operate the business of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries as currently
conducted, except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge
of the Company, the IT Systems owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries are: (a) free from any material defect, bug, virus or programming,
design or documentation error; and (b) in good working condition to perform all material information technology operations necessary
for the operation of the business of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted (except for ordinary wear and tear)
in all material respects. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries
have taken commercially reasonable steps designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of the IT Systems, Personal
Data, and all material information stored or contained therein or transmitted thereby from any theft, corruption, loss or unauthorized
use, access, interruption or modification by any Person. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
to the Companys knowledge, since January 1, 2023, there have not been any material failures or continued substandard performance
of any IT Systems that have caused a material failure of the IT Systems. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintains commercially reasonable disaster recovery and security plans,
procedures and facilities.

- 13 -

ww. Data
Privacy and Security. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or as would not be reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are, and since
January 1, 2023, has been, in compliance with all applicable Privacy and Security Requirements. Except as otherwise disclosed in
the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has, where appropriate to the risk level, implemented
technical, administrative and organizational measures, including policies relating to the lawful Processing of Personal Data, data privacy
and data security, as and to the extent required by applicable Privacy Law (Privacy and Data Security Policies).
Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, since January 1, 2023, there has been no Proceeding,
and to the Companys knowledge, there is no Proceeding currently pending against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries initiated
by any Person (including (i) the United States Federal Trade Commission, any state attorney general or similar state official, or
(ii) any other Governmental Entity, foreign or domestic) that, in each case, alleged that any Processing of Personal Data by or
on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary is or was in material violation of any Privacy and Security Requirements or any Privacy and
Data Security Policies. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is under any Order issued by any Governmental Entity, foreign or domestic, related to Privacy and Security Requirements.
Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, to the Companys knowledge, since January 1,
2023, (i) there have been no incidents of unauthorized Processing of Personal Data that have adversely affected the business or
operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in a material way, and (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has notified, or has been required by applicable Privacy Laws or agreement to notify, any Person of any (A) loss, theft or damage
of, or (B) other unauthorized access to, acquisition of, or use, disclosure, or other Processing of Personal Data.

xx. Business
Reporting Language. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement and Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with
the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

Any certificate signed by
an officer of the Company and delivered to the Agent or to counsel for the Agent pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement shall
be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company, as applicable, to the Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

7. Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with the Agent that:

a. Registration
Statement Amendments. After the date of this Agreement and during any period in which a prospectus relating to any Placement Shares
is required to be delivered by the Agent under the Securities Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied
pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act) (the Prospectus Delivery Period) (i) the Company will notify
the Agent promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Registration Statement, other than the Incorporated Documents or
amendments not related to any Placement, has been filed with the Commission and/or has become effective or any subsequent supplement
to the Prospectus, other than the Incorporated Documents, has been filed and of any request by the Commission for any amendment or supplement
to the Registration Statement or Prospectus related to the Placement or for additional information related to the Placement, (ii) the
Company will prepare and file with the Commission, promptly upon the Agents reasonable request, any amendments or supplements
to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that, upon the advice of the Companys legal counsel, may be necessary or advisable
in connection with the distribution of the Placement Shares by the Agent (provided, however, that the failure of the Agent
to make such request shall not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Agents right to rely
on the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement and provided, further, that the only remedy the Agent shall
have with respect to the failure to make such filing shall be to cease making sales under this Agreement until such amendment or supplement
is filed); (iii) the Company will not file any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus relating to the
Placement Shares or a security convertible into the Placement Shares (other than an Incorporated Document) unless a copy thereof has
been submitted to the Agent within a reasonable period of time before the filing and the Agent has not reasonably objected thereto (provided,
however, that (A) the failure of the Agent to make such objection shall not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability
hereunder, or affect the Agents right to rely on the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement and
(B) the Company has no obligation to provide the Agent any advance copy of such filing or to provide the Agent an opportunity to
object to such filing if the filing does not name the Agent or does not relate to the transaction herein provided; and provided, further,
that the only remedy the Agent shall have with respect to the failure by the Company to obtain such consent shall be to cease making
sales under this Agreement) and the Company will furnish to the Agent at the time of filing thereof a copy of any document that upon
filing is deemed to be incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement or Prospectus, except for those documents available
via EDGAR; and (iv) the Company will cause each amendment or supplement to the Prospectus to be filed with the Commission as required
pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act or, in the case of any document to be incorporated
therein by reference, to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the Exchange Act, within the time period prescribed (the
determination to file or not file any amendment or supplement with the Commission under this Section 7(a), based on the Companys
reasonable opinion or reasonable objections, shall be made exclusively by the Company).

- 14 -

b. Notice
of Commission Stop Orders. The Company will advise the Agent, promptly after it receives notice or obtains knowledge thereof, of
the issuance or threatened issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, of
the suspension of the qualification of the Placement Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening
of any Proceeding for any such purpose; and it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order
or to obtain its withdrawal if such a stop order should be issued. The Company will advise the Agent promptly after it receives any request
by the Commission for any amendments to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplements to the Prospectus or any Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus or for additional information related to the offering of the Placement Shares or for additional information related
to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus other than any such request related to Exchange Act
filings incorporated by reference into such document.

c. Delivery
of Prospectus; Subsequent Changes. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to
comply in all material respects with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act, as from time to time in force, and to file
on or before their respective due dates all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company
with the Commission pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, 15(d) or any other provision of or under the Exchange Act. If the Company
has omitted any information from the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, it will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to comply with the provisions of and make all requisite filings with the Commission pursuant to said Rule 430B
and to notify the Agent promptly of all such filings. If during the Prospectus Delivery Period any event occurs as a result of which
the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances then existing, not misleading, or if during such Prospectus
Delivery Period it is necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act, the
Company will promptly notify the Agent to suspend the offering of Placement Shares during such period and the Company will promptly amend
or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus (at the expense of the Company) so as to correct such statement or omission or
effect such compliance; provided, however, that the Company may delay the filing of any amendment or supplement, if in
the judgment of the Company, it is in the best interest of the Company.

d. Listing
of Placement Shares. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the
Placement Shares to be listed on the Exchange and to qualify the Placement Shares for sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions
in the United States as the Agent reasonably designates and to continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution
of the Placement Shares; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith to qualify as
a foreign corporation or dealer in securities, file a general consent to service of process, or subject itself to taxation in any jurisdiction
if it is not otherwise so subject.

- 15 -

e. Delivery
of Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company will furnish to the Agent and its counsel (at the reasonable expense of the
Company) copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (including all Incorporated Documents therein) and all amendments and supplements
to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that are filed with the Commission during the Prospectus Delivery Period (including all documents
filed with the Commission during such period that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein), in each case as soon as reasonably
practicable and in such quantities as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request and, at the Agents request, will also
furnish copies of the Prospectus to each exchange or market on which sales of the Placement Shares may be made; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be required to furnish any document (other than the Prospectus) to the Agent to the extent such document is
available on EDGAR.

f. Earnings
Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than
15 months after the end of the Companys current fiscal quarter, an earnings statement covering a 12-month period that satisfies
the provisions of Section 11(a) and Rule 158 of the Securities Act. B. Riley and the Company acknowledge and agree that
the Companys ordinary, timely-filed periodic filings with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act may be used to satisfy this
obligation to the extent consistent with the requirements set forth herein.

g. Use
of Proceeds. The Company will use the Net Proceeds as described in the Prospectus in the section entitled Use of Proceeds.

h. Notice
of Other Sales. Without the prior written consent of the Agent, the Company will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell, sell,
contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Stock (other than the Placement Shares offered pursuant
to this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire, Common
Stock during the period beginning on the date on which any Placement Notice is delivered to the Agent hereunder and ending on the second
(2nd) Trading Day immediately following the final Settlement Date with respect to Placement Shares sold pursuant to such Placement Notice
(or, if the Placement Notice has been terminated or suspended prior to the sale of all Placement Shares covered by a Placement Notice,
the date of such suspension or termination); and will not directly or indirectly in any other at the market or continuous
equity transaction offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Stock (other than
the Placement Shares offered pursuant to this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, warrants or
any rights to purchase or acquire, Common Stock prior to the termination of this Agreement; provided, however, that such
restrictions will not apply in connection with the Companys issuance or sale of (i) Common Stock, options to purchase Common
Stock, restricted stock units or Common Stock issuable upon the vesting or exercise of restricted stock units or options, pursuant to
any stock option, or benefits plan, stock ownership plan or dividend reinvestment plan (but not Common Stock subject to a waiver to exceed
plan limits in its dividend reinvestment plan) of the Company whether now in effect or hereafter implemented; (ii) Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of securities or the exercise of warrants, options or other rights in effect or outstanding, and disclosed in
filings by the Company available on EDGAR or otherwise in writing to the Agent, (iii) Common Stock, or securities convertible into
or exercisable for Common Stock, offered and sold in a privately negotiated transaction to vendors, customers, strategic partners or
potential strategic partners or other investors conducted in a manner so as not to be integrated with the offering of Common Stock hereby
and (iv) Common Stock in connection with any acquisition, strategic investment, commercial transaction or other similar transaction
(including any joint venture, strategic alliance or partnership), (v) Common Stock in connection with the purchase agreement dated
April 16, 2024 between B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC and the Company, and (vi) Common Stock in connection with any fees
payable to or compensatory arrangements with consultants. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, nothing herein shall be construed
to restrict the Companys ability, or require the consent of B. Riley, to file a registration statement under the Securities Act
with the Commission.

i. Change
of Circumstances. The Company will, at any time during the pendency of a Placement Notice advise the Agent promptly after it shall
have received notice or obtained knowledge thereof, of any information or fact that would alter or affect in any material respect any
opinion, certificate, letter or other document required to be provided to the Agent pursuant to this Agreement.

j. Due
Diligence Cooperation. During the term of this Agreement, the Company will cooperate with any reasonable and customary due diligence
review conducted by the Agent or its representatives in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation,
providing information and making available documents and senior corporate officers, during regular business hours and at the Companys
principal offices, as the Agent may reasonably request.

- 16 -

k. Required
Filings Relating to Placement of Placement Shares. The Company agrees that on such dates as the Securities Act shall require, the
Company will (i) file a prospectus supplement with the Commission under the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) under
the Securities Act (each and every date a filing under Rule 424(b) is made, a Filing Date), which prospectus
supplement will set forth, within the relevant period, the amount of Placement Shares sold through the Agent, the Net Proceeds to the
Company and the compensation payable by the Company to the Agent with respect to such Placement Shares (provided that the Company
may satisfy its obligations under this Section 7(k) by making a filing in accordance with the Exchange Act including
such information), and (ii) deliver such number of copies of each such prospectus supplement to each exchange or market on which
such sales were effected as may be required by the rules or regulations of such exchange or market.

l. Representation
Dates; Certificate. Each time during the term of this Agreement that the Company:

(i) amends
or supplements (other than a prospectus supplement relating solely to an offering of securities other than the Placement Shares) the
Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares by means of a post-effective amendment, sticker, or supplement
but not by means of incorporation of documents by reference into the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement
Shares;

(ii) files
an annual report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act (including any Form 10-K/A containing amended audited financial information
or a material amendment to the previously filed Form 10-K);

(iii) files
its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act; or

(iv) files
a current report on Form 8-K containing amended financial information (other than information furnished pursuant to
Items 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K or to provide disclosure pursuant to Item 8.01 of Form 8-K relating to the reclassification
of certain properties as discontinued operations in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144) under the
Exchange Act;

(Each date of filing of one or more of the documents
referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) shall be a Representation Date.)

the Company shall furnish the Agent (but in the
case of clause (iv) above only if the Agent reasonably determines that the information contained in such Form 8-K is material)
with a certificate, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(1). The requirement to provide a certificate under this Section 7(1) shall
be waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Placement Notice is pending, which waiver shall continue until
the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers a Placement Notice hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall be considered
a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation Date on which the Company files its annual report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, (i) upon the delivery of the first Placement Notice hereunder and (ii) if the Company subsequently decides to
sell Placement Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not provide the Agent with a certificate
under this Section 7(1), then before the Agent sells any Placement Shares, the Company shall provide the Agent with a certificate,
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(1), dated the date of the Placement Notice.

- 17 -

m. Legal
Opinions. On or prior to the date of the first Placement Notice given hereunder the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent
the written opinion and negative assurance letter of Haynes and Boone, LLP, counsel for the Company (Company Counsel),
or other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel.
Thereafter, within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a
certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(l) for which no waiver is applicable (but in the case of Section 7(l)(iv),
only if requested by the Agent in its sole discretion), the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent a negative assurance letter
of Company Counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent; provided that, in lieu of such negative assurance letter
for subsequent periodic filings under the Exchange Act, Company Counsel may furnish the Agent with a letter (a Reliance Letter)
to the effect that the Agent may rely on the opinion or negative assurance letter previously delivered under this Section 7(m) to
the same extent as if it were dated the date of such letter (except that statements in such prior letter shall be deemed to relate to
the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented as of the date of the Reliance Letter). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the requirement to provide a written opinion or negative assurance letter under this Section 7(m) shall be waived
for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Placement Notice is pending or a suspension is in effect, which waiver shall
continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers a Placement Notice hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall
be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation Date on which the Company files is Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) upon the delivery of the first Placement Notice hereunder and (ii) if the Company subsequently
decides to sell Placement Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not provide the Agent
with a written opinion or negative assurance letter under this Section 7(m), then before the Agent sells any Placement Shares, the
Company shall provide the Agent such written opinion or negative assurance letter dated the date of the Placement Notice.

n. Comfort
Letter. On or prior to the date of the first Placement Notice given hereunder and within five (5) Trading Days after each subsequent
Representation Date (except in connection with a Representation Date pursuant to Section 7(l)(iii), for which the Company
shall not cause its independent accountants to furnish the Agent a Comfort Letter) with respect to which the Company is obligated to
deliver a certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(l) for which no waiver is applicable, the Company shall
cause its independent accountants to furnish the Agent letters (each, a Comfort Letter), dated the date the Comfort
Letter is delivered, which shall meet the requirements set forth in this Section 7(n). The Comfort Letter from the Companys
independent accountants shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, (i) confirming that they are independent
public accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States), (ii) stating, as of such date, the conclusions and findings of such firm with respect to the financial information
and other matters ordinarily covered by accountants comfort letters to underwriters in connection with registered
public offerings (the first such Comfort Letter, the Initial Comfort Letter) and (iii) updating the Initial
Comfort Letter with any information that would have been included in the Initial Comfort Letter had it been given on such date and modified
as necessary to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such letter.

o. CFO
Certificate. On or prior to the date the first Placement Notice is given hereunder and, if requested by the Agent in its sole discretion,
within five (5) Trading Days after each subsequent Representation Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver
a certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(l) for which no waiver is applicable, the Company shall furnish
the Agent with a certificate, signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Financial Officer, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(o),
dated the date that the applicable certificate is delivered, and revised as appropriate to relate to the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such certificate, and/or any Incorporated Documents therein (a CFO Certificate).

p. Market
Activities. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes
or would reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of Common Stock or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase Common Stock in violation of Regulation M, or pay anyone any
compensation for soliciting purchases of the Placement Shares other than the Agent.

q. Investment
Company Act. The Company will conduct its affairs in such a manner so as to reasonably ensure that neither it nor the Subsidiaries
will be or become, at any time prior to the termination of this Agreement, an investment company, as such term is defined
in the Investment Company Act.

r. No
Offer to Sell. Other than an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus approved in advance by the Company and the Agent in its capacity as agent
hereunder pursuant to Section 23, neither of the Agent nor the Company (including its agents and representatives, other than
the Agent in its capacity as such) will make, use, prepare, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as defined in Rule 405),
required to be filed with the Commission, that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy Placement Shares hereunder.

- 18 -

s. Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. The Company and its Subsidiaries will use their reasonable best efforts to comply in all material respects with any applicable
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

8. Representations
and Covenants of the Agent. The Agent represents and warrants that it is duly registered as a broker-dealer under FINRA, the Exchange
Act and the applicable statutes and regulations of each state in which the Placement Shares will be offered and sold, except such states
in which the Agent is exempt from registration or such registration is not otherwise required. The Agent shall continue, for the term
of this Agreement, to be duly registered as a broker-dealer under FINRA, the Exchange Act and the applicable statutes and regulations
of each state in which the Placement Shares will be offered and sold, except such states in which it is exempt from registration or such
registration is not otherwise required, during the term of this Agreement. The Agent shall comply with all applicable law and regulations
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the issuance and sale through the Agent of the Placement
Shares.

9. Payment
of Expenses. The Company will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, including (i) the
preparation, filing, including any fees required by the Commission, and printing of the Registration Statement (including financial statements
and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment and supplement thereto and each Free Writing Prospectus, in such number as the
Agent shall deem reasonably necessary, (ii) the printing and delivery to the Agent of this Agreement and such other documents as
may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Shares, (iii) the preparation,
issuance and delivery of the certificates, if any, for the Placement Shares to the Agent, including any stock or other transfer taxes
and any capital duties, stamp duties or other duties or taxes payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Shares to
the Agent, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the counsel, accountants and other advisors to the Company, (v) the reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of counsel to the Agent not to exceed $40,000 upon the execution of this Agreement,
and an additional amount not to exceed $5,000 per calendar quarter for the Agents out-of-pocket expenses associated with ongoing
due diligence (inclusive of any reasonable fees and disbursements of the Agents counsel in connection therewith) so long as this
Agreement remains in effect and the Agent performs standard quarterly due diligence with the Company for such Representation Dates and
excluding any period during which a Suspension is in place pursuant to Section 4 (provided that such additional fee shall
be paid upon the resumption of sale upon the ending of any Suspension), (vi) the fees and expenses of the transfer agent and registrar
for the Common Stock, (vii) the filing fees incident to any review by FINRA of the terms of the sale of the Placement Shares (subject
to the cap set forth in clause (v) above), and (viii) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the
Placement Shares on the Exchange.

10. Conditions
to the Agents Obligations. The obligations of the Agent hereunder with respect to a Placement will be subject to the continuing
accuracy and completeness of the representations and warranties made by the Company herein (other than those representations and warranties
made as of a specified date or time), to the due performance in all material respects by the Company of its obligations hereunder, to
the completion by the Agent of a due diligence review satisfactory to it in its reasonable judgment, and to the continuing reasonable
satisfaction (or waiver by the Agent in its sole discretion) of the following additional conditions:

a. Registration
Statement Effective. The Registration Statement shall remain effective and shall be available for the sale of all Placement Shares
contemplated to be issued by any Placement Notice.

b. No
Material Notices. None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) receipt by the Company of any request
for additional information from the Commission or any other Governmental Entity during the period of effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, the response to which would require any post-effective amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
(other than immaterial amendments or supplements to the Incorporated Documents therein) if such post effective amendments or supplements
have not been made and become effective; (ii) the issuance by the Commission or any other Governmental Entity of any stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or receipt by the Company of notification of the initiation of any Proceedings
for that purpose; (iii) receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption
from qualification of any of the Placement Shares for sale in any jurisdiction or receipt by the Company of notification of the initiation
of, or a threat to initiate, any Proceeding for such purpose; or (iv) the occurrence of any event that makes any material statement
made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any material Incorporated Document untrue in any material respect or that requires
the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any material Incorporated Document so that, in the case of
the Registration Statement, it will not contain any materially untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and, that in the case of the Prospectus or any
material Incorporated Document, it will not contain any materially untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading.

- 19 -

c. No
Misstatement or Material Omission. The Agent shall not have advised the Company that the Registration Statement or Prospectus, or
any amendment or supplement thereto, contains an untrue statement of fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion, in consultation
with their counsel, is material, or omits to state a fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion is material and is required to
be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

d. Material
Changes. Except as contemplated in the Prospectus, or disclosed in the Companys reports filed with the Commission, there shall
not have been any Material Adverse Effect, or any development that would cause a Material Adverse Effect, or a downgrading in or withdrawal
of the rating assigned to any of the Companys securities (other than asset backed securities) by any nationally recognized
statistical rating organization, as such term is defined by the Commission for purposes of Rule 436(g)(2) under the
Securities Act (a Rating Organization), or a public announcement by any Rating Organization that it has under surveillance
or review its rating of any of the Companys securities (other than asset backed securities), the effect of which, in the case
of any such action by a Rating Organization described above, in the reasonable judgment of the Agent (without relieving the Company of
any obligation or liability it may otherwise have), is so material as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering
of the Placement Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Prospectus.

e. Company
Counsel Legal Opinion. The Agent shall have received the written opinion and negative assurance (or Reliance Letter, as applicable)
of Company Counsel required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(m) on or before the date on which such delivery of
such written opinion and negative assurance (or Reliance Letter, as applicable) are required pursuant to Section 7(m).

f. Agent
Counsel Legal Opinion. Agent shall have received from Reed Smith LLP, counsel for the Agent, such written opinion or opinions and
negative assurance letter, on or before the date on which the delivery of the written opinion of Company Counsel is required pursuant
to Section 7(m), with respect to such matters as the Agent may reasonably require, and the Company shall have furnished to
such counsel such documents as they may request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

g. Comfort
Letter. The Agent shall have received the Comfort Letter required to be delivered pursuant Section 7(n) on or before
the date on which such delivery of such letter is required pursuant to Section 7(n).

h. Representation
Certificate. The Agent shall have received the certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(1) on
or before the date on which delivery of such certificate is required pursuant to Section 7(1).

i. Secretarys
Certificate. On or prior to the first Representation Date, the Agent shall have received a certificate, signed on behalf of the Company
by its corporate Secretary, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel.

j. CFO
Certificate. The Agent shall have received the CFO Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(o) on
or before the date on which delivery of such CFO Certificate is required pursuant to Section 7(o).

k. No
Suspension. Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended on the Exchange and the Common Stock shall not have been delisted
from the Exchange.

- 20 -

l. Other
Materials. On each date on which the Company is required to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(1), the Company
shall have furnished to the Agent such appropriate further information, certificates and documents as the Agent may reasonably request
and which are usually and customarily furnished by an issuer of securities in connection with a securities offering of the type contemplated
hereby. All such opinions, certificates, letters and other documents will be in compliance with the provisions hereof.

m. Securities
Act Filings Made. All filings with the Commission required by Rule 424 under the Securities Act to have been filed prior to
the issuance of any Placement Notice hereunder shall have been made within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by Rule 424.

n. Approval
for Listing. The Placement Shares shall either have been approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to notice of issuance,
or the Company shall have filed an application for listing of the Placement Shares on the Exchange at, or prior to, the issuance of any
Placement Notice.

o. No
Termination Event. There shall not have occurred any event that would permit the Agent to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 13(a).

p. FINRA
No Objections. FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the underwriting terms and arrangements
set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

11. Indemnification
and Contribution.

a. Company
Indemnification. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, its partners, members, directors, officers, employees
and agents and each person, if any, who controls the Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20
of the Exchange Act as follows:

(i) against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, arising out of or based upon any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or the omission
or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any related Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(ii) against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, to the extent of the aggregate amount
paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or Proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened,
or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided
that (subject to Section 11(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company, which
consent shall not unreasonably be delayed or withheld; and

(iii) against
any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of counsel),
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or Proceeding by any governmental
agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged
untrue statement or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) above,

provided,
however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising
out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made solely in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by the Agent expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or in any
related Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).

- 21 -

b. Indemnification
by the Agent. Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its directors and officers, and each person, if any, who
(i) controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act or (ii) is
controlled by or is under common control with the Company against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in
the indemnity contained in Section 11(a), as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged
untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendments thereto) or in any related Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to
the Agent and furnished to the Company in writing by the Agent expressly for use therein.

c. Procedure.
Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 11 will, promptly after receipt of notice
of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party or parties under
this Section 11, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy of all papers served,
but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability that it might
have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 11 and (ii) any liability that it may have to any indemnified
party under the foregoing provisions of this Section 11 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the
forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party and
it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent
that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action
from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of the action, with counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election
to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any legal or other expenses except as provided
below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense.
The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such
counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (1) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been
authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (2) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel)
that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available
to the indemnifying party, (3) a conflict or potential conflict of interest exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified
party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct
the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party) or (4) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to
assume the defense of such action within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action, in each of which
cases the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying
party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any Proceeding or related Proceedings
in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of more than
one separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly after the indemnifying
party receives a written invoice relating to fees, disbursements and other charges in reasonable detail. An indemnifying party will not,
in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No indemnifying party shall,
without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending
or threatened claim, action or Proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 11 (whether or not any indemnified
party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (1) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified
party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, Proceeding or claim and (2) does not include a statement
as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

- 22 -

d. Contribution.
In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs
of this Section 11 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable or insufficient
from the Company or the Agent, the Company and the Agent will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages
(including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of,
any action, suit or Proceeding or any claim asserted, but after deducting any contribution received by the Company from persons other
than the Agent, such as persons who control the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, officers of the
Company who signed the Registration Statement and directors of the Company, who also may be liable for contribution) to which the Company
and the Agent may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the
one hand and the Agent on the other hand. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Agent on the other hand
shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total Net Proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares (before deducting expenses)
received by the Company bear to the total compensation received by the Agent (before deducting expenses) from the sale of Placement Shares
on behalf of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the
allocation of contribution shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in
the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, with respect to
the statements or omission that resulted in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as
any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among
other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact
relates to information supplied by the Company or the Agent, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable
if contributions pursuant to this Section 11(d) were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method
of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified
party as a result of the loss, claim, liability, expense, or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 11(d) shall
be deemed to include, for the purpose of this Section 11(d), any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified
party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 11(c) hereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11(d), the Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount
in excess of the commissions received by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such
fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 11(d), any person who controls a party to this Agreement within
the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, and any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Agent, will
have the same rights to contribution as that party, and each officer who signed the Registration Statement and director of the Company
will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution,
promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be
made under this Section 11(d), will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission
to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have
under this Section 11(d) except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced the
substantive rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last
sentence of Section 11(c) hereof, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled
without its written consent if such consent is required pursuant to Section 11(c) hereof.

12. Representations
and Agreements to Survive Delivery. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in Section 11 of this Agreement and
all representations and warranties of the Company herein or in certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive, as of their respective
dates, regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent, any controlling persons, or the Company (or any of
their respective officers, directors or controlling persons), (ii) delivery and acceptance of the Placement Shares and payment therefor
or (iii) any termination of this Agreement.

13. Termination.

a. The
Agent may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, as hereinafter specified at any time (1) if there has been, since
the time of execution of this Agreement or since the date as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any Material Adverse Effect,
or any development that would have a Material Adverse Effect that, in the sole judgment of the Agent, is material and adverse and makes
it impractical or inadvisable to market the Placement Shares or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Placement Shares, (2) if
there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or the international financial markets,
any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change
in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case the effect of which is such as to make it, in
the judgment of the Agent, impracticable or inadvisable to market the Placement Shares or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Placement
Shares, (3) if trading in the Common Stock has been suspended or limited by the Commission or the Exchange, or if trading generally
on the Exchange has been suspended or limited, or minimum prices for trading have been fixed on the Exchange, (4) if any suspension
of trading of any securities of the Company on any exchange or in the over-the-counter market shall have occurred and be continuing,
(5) if a major disruption of securities settlements or clearance services in the United States shall have occurred and be continuing,
or (6) if a banking moratorium has been declared by either U.S. Federal or New York authorities. Any such termination shall be without
liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 9 (Payment of Expenses), Section 11
(Indemnification and Contribution), Section 12 (Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery), Section 18
(Governing Law and Time; Waiver of Jury Trial) and Section 19 (Consent to Jurisdiction) hereof shall remain in full force
and effect notwithstanding such termination. If the Agent elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section 13(a),
the Agent shall provide the required notice as specified in Section 14 (Notices).

- 23 -

b. The
Company shall have the right, by giving five (5) days notice as hereinafter specified to terminate this Agreement in its
sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other
party except that the provisions of Section 9 (Payment of Expenses), Section 11 (Indemnification and Contribution),
Section 12 (Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery), Section 18 (Governing Law and Time; Waiver of
Jury Trial) and Section 19 (Consent to Jurisdiction) hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

c. The
Agent shall have the right, by giving five (5) days notice as hereinafter specified to terminate this Agreement in its sole
discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party
except that the provisions of Section 9 (Payment of Expenses), Section 11 (Indemnification and Contribution),
Section 12 (Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery), Section 18 (Governing Law and Time; Waiver of
Jury Trial) and Section 19 (Consent to Jurisdiction) hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

d. Unless
earlier terminated pursuant to this Section 13, this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the issuance and sale of
all of the Placement Shares through the Agent on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein except that the provisions
of Section 9 (Payment of Expenses), Section 11 (Indemnification and Contribution), Section 12 (Representations
and Agreements to Survive Delivery), Section 18 (Governing Law and Time; Waiver of Jury Trial) and Section 19
(Consent to Jurisdiction) hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

e. This
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to Sections 13(a), (b), (c), or (d) above
or otherwise by mutual agreement of the parties; provided, however, that any such termination by mutual agreement shall
in all cases be deemed to provide that Section 9 (Payment of Expenses), Section 11 (Indemnification and Contribution),
Section 12 (Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery), Section 18 (Governing Law and Time; Waiver of
Jury Trial) and Section 19 (Consent to Jurisdiction) shall remain in full force and effect. Upon termination of this Agreement,
the Company shall not have any liability to the Agent for any discount, commission or other compensation with respect to any Placement
Shares not otherwise sold by the Agent under this Agreement.

f. Any
termination of this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided, however,
that such termination shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by the Agent or the Company,
as the case may be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of Placement Shares, such Placement Shares
shall settle in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

14. Notices.
All notices or other communications required or permitted to be given by any party to any other party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement
shall be in writing, unless otherwise specified, and if sent to the Agent, shall be delivered to:

B. Riley Securities, Inc. 

299 Park Avenue, 21st Floor 

New York, NY 10171 

Attention: General
Counsel 

Telephone: (212)
457-9947 

Email: atmdesk@brileyfin.com

- 24 -

with a copy to:

Reed Smith LLP 

599 Lexington Avenue 

New York, NY 10022 

Attention: Anthony
J. Marsico, Esq. 

Telephone: (212)
549 0285 

Email: amarsico@reedsmith.com

and if to the Company, shall be delivered
to:

2105 West Cardinal Drive

Beaumont, Texas 77705

Attention: Robert Nadolny 

Telephone: (346)
535-0143 

Email: Robert.nadolny@multisensorai.com

with a copy to:

Haynes and Boone, LLP 

30 Rockefeller Plaza 

New York, NY 10112

Attention: Alok A. Choksi, Esq. 

Telephone: (212)
835-4810 

Email: alok.choksi@haynesboone.com

Each party to this Agreement may change such
address for notices by sending to the parties to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose. Each such notice or
other communication shall be deemed given (i) when delivered personally, by email, or by verifiable facsimile transmission on or
before 4:30 p.m., New York City time, on a Business Day or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day, (ii) when
delivered by email, upon confirmation of receipt by the receiving party, (iii) on the next Business Day after timely delivery to
a nationally-recognized overnight courier and (iii) on the Business Day actually received if deposited in the U.S. mail (certified
or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid). For purposes of this Agreement, Business Day shall
mean any day on which the Exchange and commercial banks in the City of New York are open for business.

An electronic communication (Electronic
Notice) shall be deemed written notice for purposes of this Section 14 if sent to the electronic mail address
specified by the receiving party under separate cover. Electronic Notice shall be deemed received at the time the party sending Electronic
Notice receives confirmation of receipt by the receiving party. Any party receiving Electronic Notice may request and shall be entitled
to receive the notice on paper, in a nonelectronic form (Nonelectronic Notice) which shall be sent to the requesting
party within ten (10) days of receipt of the written request for Nonelectronic Notice.

15. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Agent and their respective successors
and the affiliates, controlling persons, officers and directors referred to in Section 11 hereof. References to any of the
parties contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the successors and permitted assigns of such party. Nothing in this Agreement,
express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and permitted assigns
any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.
Neither the Company nor the Agent may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the
other party.

16. Adjustments
for Stock Splits. The parties acknowledge and agree that all share-related numbers contained in this Agreement shall be adjusted
to take into account any share consolidation, stock split, stock dividend, corporate domestication or similar event effected with respect
to the Placement Shares.

- 25 -

17. Entire
Agreement; Amendment; Severability. This Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits attached hereto and Placement Notices issued
pursuant hereto) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings, both
written and oral, among the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be
amended except pursuant to a written instrument executed by the Company and the Agent. In the event that any one or more of the provisions
contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable as written by a court of
competent jurisdiction, then such provision shall be given full force and effect to the fullest possible extent that it is valid, legal
and enforceable, and the remainder of the terms and provisions herein shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable
term or provision was not contained herein, but only to the extent that giving effect to such provision and the remainder of the terms
and provisions hereof shall be in accordance with the intent of the parties as reflected in this Agreement.

18. GOVERNING
LAW AND TIME; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME. THE COMPANY AND THE
AGENT EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

19. CONSENT
TO JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE
CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY, AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY
SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT, THAT SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM OR THAT THE VENUE
OF SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS IMPROPER. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS
BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF (CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED)
TO SUCH PARTY AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND
SUFFICIENT SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS
IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW.

20. Use
of Information. The Agent may not use or disclose any information gained in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, including due diligence, for any purpose except in connection with entering into this Agreement and providing services
as Agent hereunder, except as expressly approved in writing by the Company.

21. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed Agreement by one party to the other may be made by facsimile transmission
or email of a .pdf format data file, including any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com,
www.echosign.adobe.com, etc., which shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same
force and effect as if the signature were an original signature.

22. Effect
of Headings. The section, Schedule and Exhibit headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction
hereof.

23. Permitted
Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents, warrants and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent of the Agent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, and the Agent represents, warrants and agrees that, unless it obtains
the prior consent of the Company, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Placement Shares that would constitute
an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405,
required to be filed with the Commission. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Agent or by the Company, as the case may
be, is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents and warrants that it has
treated and agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined
in Rule 433, and has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus,
including timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. For the purposes of clarity, the parties hereto
agree that all free writing prospectuses, if any, listed in Exhibit 23 hereto are Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses.

- 26 -

24. Absence
of Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that:

a. The
Agent is acting solely as agent in connection with the public offering of the Placement Shares and in connection with each transaction
contemplated by this Agreement and the process leading to such transactions, and no fiduciary or advisory relationship between the Company
or any of its affiliates, stockholders (or other equity holders), creditors or employees or any other party, on the one hand, and the
Agent, on the other hand, has been or will be created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective
of whether or not the Agent has advised or is advising the Company on other matters, and the Agent has no obligation to the Company with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement;

b. it
is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement;

c. the
Agent has not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and it has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate;

d. it
is aware that the Agent and its affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions that may involve interests that differ from those
of the Company and the Agent has no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Company by virtue of any fiduciary,
advisory or agency relationship or otherwise; and

e. it
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Agent for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach
of fiduciary duty in connection with the sale of Placement Shares under this Agreement and agrees that the Agent shall not have any liability
(whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise) to it in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting
a fiduciary duty claim on its behalf or in right of it or the Company, employees or creditors of Company, other than in respect of the
Agents obligations under this Agreement and to keep information provided by the Company to the Agent and its counsel confidential
to the extent not otherwise publicly-available.

25. Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below:

Anti-Corruption
Laws means, collectively, (a) the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, (b) the UK Bribery Act 2010 and (c) any
other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption Laws or Orders related to combatting bribery, corruption and money laundering.

Applicable Time
means (i) each Representation Date and (ii) the time of each sale of any Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

Companys
knowledge knowledge of the Company and similar expressions mean the actual knowledge of an executive
officer of the Company after reasonably inquiry of all officers, directors and employees of the Company under such persons direct
supervision who would reasonably be expected to have such knowledge or information with respect to the matter in question.

- 27 -

Governmental Entity
means any United States or non-United States (a) federal, state, regional, provincial, local, municipal or other government, (b) governmental
or quasi-governmental entity of any nature (including any governmental agency, branch, department, official, or entity and any court
or other tribunal) or (c) body exercising or entitled to exercise any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police,
regulatory, or taxing authority or power of any nature, including any arbitral tribunal (public or private).

Hazardous Substance
means (a) any material, substance or waste that is listed, defined, or regulated as a hazardous substance, hazardous
waste, toxic substance, hazardous material, or word of similar import or regulatory effect under Environmental
Laws; and (b) petroleum products or byproducts, including derivatives and fraction thereof, asbestos, lead-based paint, polychlorinated
biphenyls, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, radioactive materials, and toxic mold.

Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act, relating
to the Placement Shares that (1) is required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (2) is a road show
that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) whether or not required to be filed with
the Commission, or (3) is exempt from filing pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Placement
Shares or of the offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission
or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g) under the Securities
Act.

IT Systems
means all computer systems, Software and hardware, communication systems, equipment, network equipment, electronic data processing, communication
equipment, networks, platforms, peripherals and other systems and related documentation, in each case, used or owned by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries.

Law
means any federal, state, provincial, local, foreign, national or supranational statute, law (including common law), act, statute, ordinance,
treaty, rule, code, regulation or other binding directive issued, promulgated or enforced by a Governmental Entity having jurisdiction
over a given matter.

Order
means any outstanding writ, order, judgment, injunction, binding decision or determination, award, ruling, subpoena, verdict or decree
entered, issued or rendered by any Governmental Entity.

Personal Data
means any data or information controlled by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that identifies any natural Person and/or any such
information as may be defined as constituting personal data, personal information, nonpublic personal
information, as they are used in applicable Privacy Laws.

Privacy and Security
Requirements means any of the following to the extent relating to the Processing of Personal Data, privacy, data protection:
(a) all applicable Laws related to data privacy or data security of Personal Data, including Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d - d-8), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009
(42 U.S.C. 17935) (Privacy Laws); and (b) material provisions of Contracts concerning data privacy or
data security of Personal Data to which the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is legally bound.

Proceeding
means any material lawsuit, litigation, action, audit, investigation, examination, claim, complaint, charge, proceeding, suit, arbitration,
investigation, or mediation (in each case, whether civil, criminal or administrative and whether public or private) pending by or before
or otherwise involving any Governmental Entity.

Product
means all products or services, including (a) machines, systems, raw materials and consumable materials, (b) Software products,
tools, or applications, in the case of each of clauses (a) and (b), from which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is currently
deriving revenue from the sale, license, subscription, provision, support or maintenance thereof.

Release
means any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing,
depositing, dispersing, or migrating in, into or through the environment, or in, into from or through any building or structure.

- 28 -

representatives
means with respect to a Person, such Persons directors, officers, employees, and legal, financial, internal and independent accounting
and other advisors and representatives.

Rule 172,
Rule 405, Rule 415, Rule 424, Rule 424(b),
Rule 430B, and Rule 433 refer to such rules under the Securities Act.

Sanctioned Country
means any country or region that is the subject or target of country-wide or territory-wide Sanctions and Export Control Laws (as of
the date of this Agreement: Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic,
and the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic).

Sanctioned Person
means (a) a Person who is on the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the U.S. Department of the Treasurys
List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or any other list of Persons who are the subject of U.S. sanctions administered
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control or any other U.S. federal agency, including but not limited to OFACs Non-SDN Chinese Military-Industrial
Complex Companies List; (b) OFACs Sectoral Sanctions Identifications List, (c) any legal entity that is, directly or
indirectly, 50%-or-more owned by one or more Persons identified in the foregoing subparagraph (a) or (c); (d) the government
of Crimea, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, and the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, Cuba, Iran, North Korea,
or Syria or any Person who is a national or resident thereof or domiciled or headquartered therein; or (e) a Person on the Bureau
of Industry and Security Denied Persons List, Entity List, Military End Use, or Unverified List; (f) a Person acting or purporting
to act, directly or indirectly, on behalf of, or a legal entity 50% or more owned or controlled by, any of the Persons identified in
any of the foregoing subparagraphs (a), (b), (c), or (d).

Sanctions and Export
Control Laws means any applicable U.S. or non-U.S. Law (except to the extent inconsistent with U.S. Law) related to (a) import
and export controls, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, the ITAR, the EU Dual-Use Regulation (428/2009), the UKs
Export Control Order 2008, or such other controls administered by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection or the Bureau of Industry and
Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce, (b) economic or trade sanctions administered by the U.S. government, including those
administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the U.S. Department of State, the European
Union, any European Union Member State, the United Nations, or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, or (c) anti-boycott
measures.

Software
shall mean any and all (a) computer programs, applications and software, including any and all software implementations of algorithms,
models and methodologies, whether in source code or object code or executable code; (b) databases and compilations, including any
and all data and collections of data, whether machine readable or otherwise; (c) descriptions, flowcharts and other work product
used to design, plan, organize and develop any of the foregoing, screens, user interfaces, report formats, firmware, development tools,
templates, menus, buttons and icons; and (d) all documentation, including user manuals and other training documentation, related
to any of the foregoing.

All references in this Agreement
to financial statements and schedules and other information that is contained, included or stated
in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such
financial statements and schedules and other information that is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus,
as the case may be.

All references in this Agreement
to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include the copy
filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR; all references in this Agreement to any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (other than any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectuses that, pursuant to Rule 433, are not required to be filed with the Commission) shall be deemed to include
the copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR; and all references in this Agreement to supplements to the
Prospectus shall include, without limitation, any supplements, wrappers or similar materials prepared in connection with
any offering, sale or private placement of any Placement Shares by the Agent outside of the United States.

26. Waiver.
A waiver of any right, power or remedy under this Agreement must be in writing signed by the party granting it. A waiver only affects
the particular obligation or breach for which it is given. It is not an implied waiver of any other obligation or breach or an implied
waiver of that obligation or breach on any other occasion.

[Remainder of the page intentionally left
blank]

- 29 -

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding
between the Company and the Agent, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute
a binding agreement between the Company and the Agent.

Very truly yours,

MULTISENSOR AI HOLDINGS, INC.

By:
/s/
Stuart V Flavin III 

Name:
Stuart V Flavin III 

Title:
Interim Chief Executive Officer 

ACCEPTED as of the date first-above written:

B. RILEY SECURITIES, INC.

By: /s/
Seth Appel 

Name:
Seth Appel 

Title:
Senior Managing Director 

- 30 -

SCHEDULE 1

FORM OF PLACEMENT NOTICE

From: MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.

To: B. Riley Securities, Inc.

Attention: []

Subject: At Market Issuance--Placement Notice

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Pursuant to the terms and
subject to the conditions contained in the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement between MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and B. Riley Securities, Inc. (the Agent), dated March 28,
2025, the Company hereby requests that the Agent sell up to [____] of the Companys Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
at a minimum market price of $ per share, during the time period
beginning [month, day, time] and ending [month, day, time].

- 31 -

SCHEDULE 2

Compensation

The Company shall pay to
the Agent in cash, upon each sale of Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement, an amount up to 3.0% of the gross proceeds from each
sale of Placement Shares.

- 32 -

SCHEDULE 3

Notice Parties

The Company

Robert Nadolny Robert.nadolny@multisensorai.com

Daniel Borchelt daniel.borchelt@multisensorai.com

Matthew Tancredo matthew.tancredo@multisensorai.com

B. Riley Securities, Inc.

Seth Appel sappel@brileyfin.com

Craig Krinbring ckrinbring@brileyfin.com

Scott Ammaturo sammaturo@brileyfin.com

with a copy to atmdesk@brileyfin.com

- 33 -

EXHIBIT 7(1)

Form of Representation Date Certificate

___________, 2025

This
Representation Date Certificate (this Certificate) is executed and delivered in connection with Section 7(1) of
the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the Agreement), dated March [], 2025,
and entered into between MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. (the Company) and B. Riley Securities, Inc. All
capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Agreement.

The undersigned, a duly appointed
and authorized officer of the Company, hereby certifies, in the undersigneds capacity as an officer of the Company and not in
the undersigneds individual capacity, as follows:

1. Each
of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in the Agreement were, when originally made, and are, as of the date of
this Certificate, true and correct in all material respects, except for those representations and warranties that speak solely as of
a specific date and which were true and correct as of such date.

2. Except
as waived by the Agent in writing, each of the covenants required to be performed by the Company in the Agreement on or prior to the
date of the Agreement, this Representation Date, and each such other date prior to the date hereof as set forth in the Agreement, has
been duly, timely and fully performed in all material respects and each condition required to be complied with by the Company on or prior
to the date of the Agreement, this Representation Date, and each such other date prior to the date hereof as set forth in the Agreement
has been duly, timely and fully complied with in all material respects.

3. Subsequent
to the date of the most recent financial statements in the Registration Statement, Prospectus and Incorporated Documents, there has been
no Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Prospectus and the Incorporated Documents

4. No
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice objecting to its use has been issued, and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, are pending or threatened by any securities regulator or
other Governmental Entity (including, without limitation, the Commission).

Haynes and Boone, LLP, counsel
to the Company, and Reed Smith LLP, counsel to the Agent are entitled to rely on this Certificate in connection with the opinion each
counsel is rendering to the Agent.

By: 

Name: 

Title:

- 34 -

EXHIBIT 7(o)

Form of CFO Certificate

___________, 2025

Reference
is made to that certain At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the Agreement), dated March [],
2025, and entered into between MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (the Company) and B. Riley
Securities, Inc. (the Agent). This certificate (this Certificate) is being furnished to
the Agent pursuant to Section 7(o) of the Agreement solely to assist the Agent in conducting its due diligence investigation
of the Company in connection with the public offering of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, pursuant to the
Agreement, and may be relied upon by the Agent for this purpose. All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
given to such terms in the Agreement.

In
connection with the foregoing, I, [], Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby certify
on behalf of the Company, and not in my individual capacity, as follows:

7. I
have reviewed the Registration Statement, including the Prospectus, and all reports, statements, filings, and other documents incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein, including, without limitation, the Companys annual report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the Commission on [], 2025 and the Companys
quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended [] (filed with the Commission on [])
(collectively, the Offering Documents), including the circled information contained or incorporated by reference in the
Offering Documents set forth in Annex A attached hereto (the Circled Information).

8. Either
I, or one or more employees of the Company who are responsible for the Companys financial and accounting matters and report directly
to me and whom I directly supervise, have reviewed and supervised the preparation of the financial statements and other financial data
included in the Offering Documents.

9. Nothing
has come to my attention that caused me to believe that each item of Circled Information was not accurate in all material respects as
of the date of this Certificate, except for any item of Circled Information that speaks solely as of a specific date, in which case as
of such other date.

[Signature page follows]

- 35 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this certificate as of the date first written above.

By: 

Name:
[] 

Title:
Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Chief Financial Officers
Certificate]

- 36 -

ANNEX A

Offering Documents

- 37 -

EXHIBIT 23

Permitted Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses

None.

- 38 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2510580d1_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

March 28, 2025

MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.

2105 West Cardinal Drive

Beaumont, Texas 77705

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to
MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), with respect to certain matters in connection
with the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284437) (the Registration Statement) filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Act), the related prospectus dated January 30, 2025 included within the Registration Statement (the Base
Prospectus) and the prospectus supplement, dated March 28, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement),
relating to the issuance and sale from time to time by the Company of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock) with an aggregate offering price of up to $8,625,000 (the Shares). The Shares are to
be issued and sold by the Company pursuant to an at market issuance sales agreement, dated March 25, 2025 (the Sales Agreement),
between the Company and B. Riley Securities, Inc. The Sales Agreement will be filed with the Commission as Exhibit 1.1 to the Companys
Current Report on Form 8-K, dated March 28, 2025.

In rendering the opinion set
forth herein, we have examined the originals, or photostatic or certified copies, of (i) the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of
the Company, each as amended and/or restated as of the date hereof, (ii) certain unanimous written consents of the Company with respect
to the filing of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement and the entering into of the Sales Agreement, (iii) the Registration
Statement and all exhibits thereto, (iv) the Prospectus Supplement and all exhibits thereto, (v) the Sales Agreement and all exhibits
thereto, (vi) a certificate executed by an officer of the Company, dated as of the date hereof, and (vii) such other records, documents
and instruments as we deemed relevant and necessary for purposes of the opinion stated herein.

As to questions of fact material
to the opinion expressed below, we have, without independent verification of their accuracy, relied to the extent we deem reasonably appropriate
upon the representations and warranties of the Company contained in such documents, records, certificates, instruments or representations
furnished or made available to us by the Company.

In making the foregoing examination,
we have assumed (i) the genuineness of all signatures, (ii) the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, (iii) the
conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as certified or photostatic copies, (iv) that all agreements or instruments
we have examined are the valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the parties thereto, and (v) that all factual information on which
we have relied was accurate and complete.

We have also assumed that
(i) the Company will issue and deliver the Shares in the manner contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Prospectus Supplement
and the Sales Agreement; (ii) the Shares will be issued in compliance with applicable federal and state securities law; (iii) no stop
orders of the Commission preventing or suspending the use of the Prospectus Supplement will have been issued; and (iv) the Registration
Statement, Base Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement will have been delivered to the purchaser of the Shares as required in accordance
with applicable law, (v) the unanimous written consents of the Board of Directors of the Company referred to above will not have been
modified or rescinded; and (vi) the Company will receive consideration for the issuance of the Shares that is at least equal to the par
value of the Common Stock.

We have not considered, and
express no opinion herein as to, the laws of any state or jurisdiction other than the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
as currently in effect.

Based on the foregoing, and
subject to the qualifications, assumptions and limitations set forth herein, we are of the opinion that when issued and paid for in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, the Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

We hereby consent to the filing
of this letter as Exhibit 5.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of
the Shares in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act and to the reference to our
firm therein and in the Prospectus Supplement under the caption Legal Matters. In giving this consent, we do not hereby
admit we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of
the Commission thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Haynes and Boone, LLP

Haynes and Boone, LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2510580d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

MultiSensor AI Announces Fourth Quarter and
Full Year 2024 Results

Full Year Revenue Increased 36% to $7.4 million.
Software Revenue increased 30% to $1.0 million

Increased Liquidity Further Strengthens Balance
Sheet 

Houston, TX, March 28, 2025 MultiSensor
AI Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: MSAI) (the Company or MSAI), a pioneer in condition-based monitoring and predictive
maintenance enabling Industry 4.0, announced results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2024.

Trip Flavin, Interim CEO, commented: "This
was an important quarter for MSAI. We have started to take the necessary steps to reposition the Company for long-term success and navigate
our next phase of growth. We refined our strategy to focus on building our position as a SaaS leader in predictive maintenance and strengthened
our leadership team to support this new strategy. With our enhanced leadership team and a clear strategic vision, we believe that we are
better positioned than ever to drive innovation, expand our commercial reach, and deliver long-term value to our customers and stakeholders."

Robert Nadolny, CFO, continued, As we close
out Q4 2024, we are pleased to report strong revenue growth, a testament to the resilience and strategic execution of our team. We believe
the 360% growth in the number of sensors connected to our cloud software, MSAI Connect, and the 400% increase of sites where we are deployed
as compared to Q4 2023 illustrates the traction our solutions are getting within the market. We are also pleased to highlight our strengthened
balance sheet, which underscores our commitment to financial discipline.

Financial Highlights:

Full year 2024 revenue increased 36% to $7.4
million from $5.4 million in 2023. Software revenue increased 30% to $1.0 million from $0.8 million in 2023.

Net loss per share decreased 70% to $1.07 as
of December 31, 2024.

Overall liquidity increased as the Companys
cash position grew to $4.4 million as of December 31, 2024, from $1.6 million as of December 31, 2023. Total liabilities decreased to
$3.2 million as of December 31, 2024, from $16.6 million as of December 31, 2023.

Strategic Business Highlights:

As of December 31, 2024, the Company has approximately
460 active streaming sensors connected to our MSAI Connect platform as compared to approximately 100 as of December 31, 2023, a 360% increase
year over year. 

Our sensors are deployed at approximately 50
sites world-wide as of December 31, 2024, as compared to 10 as of December 31, 2023, a 400% increase year over year. 

Our platform is deployed in eight countries world-wide
and starting in April 2025, we expect our software will be available in multiple languages.

Our largest customer of MSAI Connect is achieving a greater than four times
return on investment to date and a payback period of less than one year through minimizing unplanned downtime and reducing process waste
through enhanced predictive maintenance.

Organization Transformation:

In the fourth quarter, the Company appointed
Trip Flavin as Interim CEO. With a commitment to accelerating MSAI's transformation into a leading SaaS provider in predictive maintenance,
Trip brings a wealth of expertise in innovation and operational excellence to spearhead our next growth phase.

To better align the executive team with strategic
objectives, the Company in January 2025 appointed Peter Baird as Chief Commercial Officer, tasked with driving commercial growth, and
Robert Nadolny as Chief Financial Officer, focused on strengthening financial strategy.

The Companys Annual Report is filed with
the SEC, and is available at www.sec.gov as well as in the Investor Relations section of the Companys website (www.multisensorai.com).

About MultiSensor AI

MultiSensor AI builds and deploys intelligent
multi-sensing platforms incorporating edge and cloud software solutions that leverage artificial intelligence. MSAI's integrated solutions
utilize data generated from an array of sensors and sensor modalities including high-resolution thermal imagers, visible and acoustic
imagers, as well as vibration and laser spectroscopy sensors, to protect customers' most critical assets. MSAI's platform combines condition-based
monitoring data with proprietary edge and cloud software to generate actionable insights that, we believe, minimize unplanned downtime,
reduce maintenance costs, prevent hazards, and extend asset life.

For more information, please visit https://www.multisensorai.com

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
and the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, forward-looking statements
can be identified by words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend,
plan, will, or their negatives or variations of these words, or similar expressions. All statements contained
in this press release that do not strictly relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including,
without limitation, statements regarding the Company management's expectations regarding its strategic priorities and objectives, future
plans and business prospects. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, some of which are
beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are not
a guarantee of future performance. Actual outcomes may differ materially from the information contained in the forward-looking statements
as a result of a number of factors, including the Risk Factors section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2024, as such factors may be updated from time to time in the Company's other filings with the SEC. Because forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of
future events. Any forward-looking statement made in this press release is based only on information currently available and speaks only
as of the date on which it is made. Except as required by applicable law, the Company expressly disclaims any obligations to publicly
update any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information,
future developments or otherwise.

Media & Investor Contact:

Alpha IR Group

Mike Cummings or Nick Teves

MSAI@alpha-ir.com

Source: MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.

MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.

Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Operations

(Amounts in thousands of U.S.
dollars, except share and per share data)

Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Revenue, net $ 7,402 $ 5,430 

Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation) 2,582 2,297 

Inventory impairment 2,272 1,689 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 15,655 8,044 

Share-based compensation expense 3,382 14,061 

Depreciation 1,140 872 

Loss (gain) on asset disposal 322 (56 )

Other Loss 930 

Total operating expenses 21,429 22,921 

Operating loss (18,881 ) (21,477 )

Interest expense 63 94 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 475 (970 )

Tariff refund (2,401 )

Change in fair value of warrants liabilities (39 ) (195 )

Loss on financing transaction 1,553 4,043 

Other expenses, net 1,027 12 

Loss before income taxes (21,960 ) (22,060 )

Income tax expense (benefit) (465 ) 208 

Net loss $ (21,495 ) $ (22,268 )

Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic 20,119,161 6,257,476 

Diluted 20,119,161 6,257,476 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Basic (1.07 ) (3.56 )

Diluted (1.07 ) (3.56 )
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>msai-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>msai-20250328_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>msai-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock 0. 0001 Par Value Per Share [Member] 

Warrants To Purchase Common Stock [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>msai-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm2510580d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>image_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 28, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40916

Entity Registrant Name MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001863990

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-3938682

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2105 West Cardinal Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Beaumont

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77705

City Area Code 866

Local Phone Number 861-0788

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock 0. 0001 Par Value Per Share [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol MSAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants To Purchase Common Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants
to purchase common stock

Trading Symbol MSAIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=MSAI_CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=MSAI_WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://infraredcameras.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

msai-20250328.xsd 
msai-20250328_def.xml 
msai-20250328_lab.xml 
msai-20250328_pre.xml 
tm2510580d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-029444-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>tm2510580d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001863990 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

0001863990 

MSAI:CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

0001863990 

MSAI:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001863990 
8-K 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. 
MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
DE 
001-40916 
001-40916 
86-3938682 
86-3938682 
2105 West Cardinal Drive 
Beaumont 
TX 
77705 
866 
861-0788 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
MSAI 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to purchase common stock 
MSAIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
true 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>