<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-003388.txt : 20250123
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-003388.hdr.sgml : 20250123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250123161206
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-003388
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250121
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RANGE IMPACT, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001438943
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEAVY CONSTRUCTION OTHER THAN BUILDING CONST - CONTRACTORS [1600]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				753268988
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53832
		FILM NUMBER:		25550225

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44122
		BUSINESS PHONE:		530-231-7800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MALACHITE INNOVATIONS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211012

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vitality Biopharma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160721

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Stevia First Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111020
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000143894300014389432025-01-212025-01-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 21, 2025

RANGE
IMPACT, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 000-53832 75-3268988

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S. Employer

of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

200 Park
Avenue, Suite 400 

Cleveland, Ohio 44122

(Address of principal executive
offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (216)304-6556

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class: Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered:

Common Stock RNGE OTCQB

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities
Purchase Agreement

On
January 21, 2025, Range Impact, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with Tower IV, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company (the Purchaser), providing for the issuance and sale by the
Company to the Purchaser of an aggregate of 3,333,333 shares of the Companys common stock (the Shares) at a price
of $0.15 per share. The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of the Shares are approximately $500,000.

The
Purchase Agreement contains the customary representations, warranties, indemnification rights, and obligations of the parties
in agreements of this type, including that the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), to register the Shares as soon as practicable following the
closing. The transaction represented by the Purchase Agreement closed on January 21, 2025.

The
foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the form of the Purchase Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 above is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02 in its entirety.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued 3,333,333 shares of the Companys common stock to the Purchaser on January 21, 2025.
The sale of the Shares was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving
a public offering under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act (Regulation
D). The Company made this determination based on the representations of the Purchaser in the Purchase Agreement, including, but
not limited to, that it is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D and that Purchaser had
access to full and complete information about the Company and its investment.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 21, 2025, between the Company and the Purchaser

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

RANGE IMPACT,
INC.

Dated: January 23, 2025 By: /s/
Michael Cavanaugh

Name: Michael Cavanaugh

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT
INDEX

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 21, 2025, between the Company and the Purchaser

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of January 21, 2025, between Range Impact, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation (the Company), and Tower IV, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company wishes to issue and sell to the Purchaser,
and the Purchaser wishes to purchase from the Company, the Securities (as defined below).

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement.

Closing
Date means, in connection with the Closing, the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and
delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription
Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means UB Greensfelder LLP, with offices located at 1660 West 2nd Street, Suite
1100, Cleveland, Ohio 44113.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company attached hereto and delivered concurrently herewith.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA
means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Knowledge
shall mean, with respect to the Company, the actual knowledge after due inquiry of Michael Cavanaugh.

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals the per share purchase price specified within Section 2.2, subject to adjustment for reverse and
forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date
of this Agreement, but prior to Closing.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Registration
Statement means a registration statement filed under the Securities Act covering the resale by the Purchaser of the Shares.

2

Related
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(r).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such rule.

Securities
means the Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB, OTCQX or OTC Pink Markets operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto, and any other documents or agreements executed
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Securities Transfer Corporation, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 2901 North
Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, Texas 75093, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES

2.1
The Closing Date. The closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities (Closing) shall occur on January
21, 2025 or such other date as shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Purchaser (the Closing Date).

3

2.2
Closing.

(a)
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and intended to be substantially concurrent with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the Purchaser: (i) the Company shall sell, and the Purchaser shall purchase,
such number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number obtained by dividing Five Hundred Thousand Dollars and Zero Cents ($500,000.00)
(the Subscription Amount) by Fifteen Cents ($0.15) (the Per Share Purchase Price) (the shares
of Common Stock to be purchased and sold under this Agreement, the Shares) and (ii) the Purchaser shall deliver
to the Company, via wire transfer in immediately available funds, the Subscription Amount.

(b)
Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3 and 2.4, the Closing shall occur at the corporate offices
of the Company or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree, including remotely via the delivery of electronic closing
documents.

2.3
Closing Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company; and

(ii) a
copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent,
on an expedited basis, to issue and hold in book entry the Shares bearing appropriate legends
referring to the fact that the Shares were sold in reliance upon an exemption from registration
under the Securities Act, registered in the name of the Purchaser, with any fractional number
of Shares rounded up to the next whole share.

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Purchaser; and

(ii) the
Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the Company.

2.4
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations
and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in
which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

4

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Purchaser required to be performed at or prior
to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the
delivery by the Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.3(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing
Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior
to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall
be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the
corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Purchaser
as of the date hereof:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly
or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary (if any) free and clear of any Liens, and all of
the issued and outstanding equity interests of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive
and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

5

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of each of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or
without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary
debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the
Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of
any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the
Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of
the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

6

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. Except for those that have already been obtained, the Company is not required to obtain any consent,
waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local
or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction
Documents, other than: (i) the filings required by the Commission related to the Securities in this offering and (ii) such filings as
are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company.

(g)
Capitalization. As of the date of this Agreement, the total authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 1,000,000,000
shares of Common Stock, of which 108,060,522 are issued and outstanding, and 18,855,879 are reserved for issuance pursuant to options
and warrants exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently
filed current report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys
stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans
and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic
report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right
to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in this Section 3.1(g) or as a result
of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments
of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or
giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and
sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the
Purchaser) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price
under any of such securities, and no Company securities are outstanding as of the date hereof which contain such price-based anti-dilution
or reset protections. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued
in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization
of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders
agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a
party or, to the Knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

7

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the
Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations
of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof, (i) there has been
no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the
Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial
statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting,
(iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed
or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities
to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before
the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this
Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur
or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, properties, operations, assets or financial
condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made
or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of
any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

8

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the Knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the Knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary
is in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or
non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority,
including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health
and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(n)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries, (ii) equipment liens resulting
from financing obtained in connection with the acquisition of equipment by the Company and its Subsidiaries, and (iii) liens for the
payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment
of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance.

9

(o)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights as described in the SEC Reports as necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses and
which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights).
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual
Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have, or reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement
by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures
to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their Intellectual Property Rights, except where failure to do so could not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p)
FDA and Related Matters. The Company and the Subsidiaries and, to the Companys Knowledge, others who perform services on
the Companys or a Subsidiarys behalf have been and are in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign
laws, rules, regulations, standards, orders and decrees governing their respective businesses, including without limitation, all regulations
promulgated by the FDA or any other federal, state, local or foreign agencies or bodies engaged in the regulation of pharmaceuticals
or biohazardous substances or materials, except where noncompliance would not, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect;
and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary received any notice citing action or inaction by the Company, any Subsidiary or others who
perform services on the Companys or any Subsidiarys behalf that would constitute non-compliance with any applicable federal,
state, local or foreign laws, rules, regulations or standards excepting, however, such actions that have heretofore been resolved to
the satisfaction of such governmental entity.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects
with all of their respective obligations under each insurance policy, and no written notice of cancellation or termination has been received
with respect to each insurance policy.

(r)
Transactions with Related Persons. To the Knowledge of the Company, no director, officer, employee, equity holder, Affiliate or
associate or members of any of their immediate family (as such terms are respectively defined in Rule 12b-2
and Rule 16a-1 of the Exchange Act) of the Company (each of the foregoing, a Related Person), other than in his
capacity as a director, officer, equity holder or employee of the Company, has any material interest in or other material business relationship
or arrangement with any Person that (i) does business with the Company, (ii) is engaged, directly or indirectly, in the conduct
of the business of the Company or (iii) owns any material property, asset or right that is used by the Company.

10

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated
by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain
a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act
(such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations
as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as
such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t)
Brokers Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary
to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, or investment banker with respect to the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)
Registration of Shares. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities
Act covering the resale of the Shares as soon as reasonably practicable following the Closing.

11

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its Knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established
clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing
corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser or its agents or counsel with
any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms
that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure
furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and
the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser does not
make nor has the Purchaser made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those
specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(y)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such
securities under the Securities Act.

(z)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

12

(aa)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising.

(bb)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the Knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(cc)
No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no material disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably
anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company
which could affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

(dd)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is acting
solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in
any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by the
Purchaser or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ee)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its Knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company.

(ff)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(gg)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan. No stock option granted under the Companys stock option plan has been
backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock
options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material
information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

13

(hh)
Real Property Holding Corporation. None of the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a U.S. real property holding corporation
within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(ii)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(jj)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(kk)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act)
connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer
Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii)
under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the
Purchaser a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(ll)
Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchaser in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

14

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the
Company as of the date hereof:

(a)
Organization; Authority. The Purchaser is an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar
power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry
out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by the Purchaser
of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of the Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has
been duly executed by the Purchaser, and when delivered by the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid
and legally binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general
equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. The Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or
indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation
and warranty not limiting the Purchasers right to sell the Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws). In connection with its decision to purchase the Securities, the Purchaser received and is relying only upon the Transaction Documents
and the documents incorporated by reference therein and has not relied on any other information provided by the Company or any individual
or entity acting on behalf of the Company.

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time the Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Purchaser. The Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an
investment in the Securities and is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
General Solicitation. The Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities pursuant to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at
any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(f)
No Company Advice. The Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented to the Purchaser
in connection with the purchase and sale of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice by the Company or any individual
or entity acting on behalf of the Company. The Purchaser has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion,
has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Securities.

15

(g)
Forward-Looking Information. The Purchaser understands that the Company may provide the Purchaser with certain projections and
other forward-looking information regarding the Company and the Securities. Projections and forward-looking information are inherently
uncertain and should not be, and the Purchaser acknowledges that they are not being, relied upon by the Purchaser in making the decision
to purchase the Securities. Actual results may vary significantly from such projections or forward-looking information.

(h)
Accredited Investor Questionnaire. At the Closing, the Purchaser has delivered to the Company an executed Accredited Investor
Questionnaire in the form provided by the Company to the Purchaser. Purchaser represents that the information provided by the Purchaser
in such questionnaire is true, complete and accurate in all respects.

(i)
Residence. For purposes of complying with state securities laws, the Purchaser is a resident of Ohio.

(j)
Brokers Fees. No Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, any valid
right, interest or claim against the Company or upon the Purchaser for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement,
arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of the Purchaser. The Purchaser shall pay, and hold the Company and the Subsidiaries
harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses)
arising in connection with any such claim for fees pursuant to any such agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on
behalf of the Purchaser.

(k)
Restricted Securities. The Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been
registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (i) pursuant to an exemption
from registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an effective registration statement in compliance with Section 5 under the
Securities Act and (ii) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and other jurisdictions.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect the Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

16

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Transfer Restrictions. The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection
with any transfer of Securities other than pursuant to an effective Registration Statement or Rule 144, the Company may require the transferor
thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form
and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration
of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be
bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement. The Purchaser agrees
to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in substantially the following form:

THIS
SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION
FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER
LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR
OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Shares to a financial institution that is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and, if required under
the terms of such arrangement, the Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Shares to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge
or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor
shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the Purchasers expense, the
Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Shares may reasonably request in connection
with a pledge or transfer of the Shares.

Certificates
evidencing the Shares, if issued, shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in this Section 4.1), (i) while a Registration
Statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Shares pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming the transferor is not an Affiliate of the Company), (iii) if such Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (provided
that Purchaser provides the Company with reasonable assurances that such Securities are eligible for sale, assignment or transfer under
Rule 144 which shall include an opinion of Purchasers counsel), (iv) in connection with a sale, assignment or other transfer (other
than under Rule 144), provided that Purchaser provides the Company with an opinion of counsel to Purchaser, in a generally acceptable
form, to the effect that such sale, assignment or transfer of the Securities may be made without registration under the applicable requirements
of the Securities Act; or (v) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial
interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) .

17

The
Purchaser agrees with the Company that the Purchaser will sell any Securities pursuant to either the registration requirements of the
Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold
pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges
that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon
the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of
the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior
to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.3
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that the Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that the Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchaser.

4.4
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf, will provide the Purchaser or
its agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto
the Purchaser shall have entered into a written agreement with the Company regarding the confidentiality and use of such information.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company.

18

4.5
Indemnification of Purchaser. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.5, the Company will indemnify and hold the Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls the Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Document or (b) any action instituted against any Purchaser Party in any capacity, or any
of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect
to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon a breach of such Purchaser Partys
representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may
have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser
Party which constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or malfeasance). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser
Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company
in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable
to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the
defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that
(i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable
period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the
Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be
liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim,
damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.5
shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received
or are incurred, subject to recoupment if the Purchaser Party is found to not be entitled to indemnification for such amount(s). The
indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the
Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.6
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and thereafter, the Company shall continue to reserve
and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling
the Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

4.7
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded
on any other Trading Market other than its current Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares, and will
take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as
possible. For so long as the Common Stock trades or is listed for quotation on a Trading Market, the Company agrees to maintain the eligibility
of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including,
without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection
with such electronic transfer.

19

4.8
Blue Sky Filings. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain
an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchaser at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky
laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of the Purchaser.

4.9
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. The Purchaser covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant
to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during
the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are first publicly announced. The Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly
disclosed by the Company, the Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information
included in the Transaction Documents and the Disclosure Schedules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained
in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Purchaser makes no representation, warranty
or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced, (ii) the Purchaser shall not be restricted or prohibited from effecting
any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced and (iii) the Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the
Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial disclosure of the transaction.

4.10
Form D. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Shares as required under Regulation D and to provide a
copy thereof, promptly upon request of the Purchaser.

4.11
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall, within four (4) business days following the date hereof, file a Current
Report on Form 8-K disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto. The Company and the Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other disclosures with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor the Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public
statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of the Purchaser, or without the prior consent
of the Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except
if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of
such public statement or communication.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by written mutual agreement between the Company and the Purchaser.

20

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice
delivered by the Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties
acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S.
nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.
The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchaser. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition
or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver
of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder
in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the Purchaser (other than by merger). The Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
the Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred
Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchaser.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

21

5.9
Governing Law; Venue. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective
affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and
federal courts sitting in the State of Ohio. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts sitting in the State of Ohio for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives,
and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court,
that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence
an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under
Section 4.5, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE
PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

5.11
Survival. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the representations and warranties of the Company and the Purchaser shall
survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Closing for a period of eighteen (18) months after the Closing, provided
that any claim made by the Company or the Purchaser with regard to such representations or warranties shall survive until resolved, and
shall in no way be affected by any investigation or knowledge of the subject matter thereof made by or on behalf of the Purchaser or
the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties made in Sections 3.1(a), 3.1(b), 3.1(c),
3.1(f), 3.2(a) and 3.2(b) shall survive indefinitely.

5.12
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

22

5.13
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
the Purchaser and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary
damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents
and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at
law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to the Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or the Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Business Day. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.18
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

23

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

RANGE IMPACT, INC. 

By: 

Name: Michael Cavanaugh 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Address
for Notice:

Range
Impact, Inc.

200
Park Avenue, Suite 400

Orange
Village, Ohio 44122

Attn:
Michael Cavanaugh, CEO

Email:
mrc@rangeimpact.com

TOWER IV, LLC 

By: 

Name: Joseph E. LoConti 

Title: Manager 

Address
for Notice:

Tower
IV, LLC

200
Park Avenue, Suite 400

Orange
Village, Ohio 44122

Attn:
Joseph E. LoConti, Manager

Email:
joeloconti@yahoo.com

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

DISCLOSURE
SCHEDULES

[attached
hereto]

Schedule
3.1(a)

SUBSIDIARIES

CLV
Azurite Land, LLC

Collins
Building & Contracting, Inc.

Range
Environmental Resources, Inc.

Range
Land, LLC

Range
Minerals, LLC

Range
Natural Resources, Inc.

Range
Reclaim, LLC

Range
Rock Creek Land, LLC

Range
Security, LLC

Range
Security Resources, LLC

Range
Sky View Land, LLC

Range
Water, LLC

Terra
Preta, LLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>rnge-20250121.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rnge-20250121_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rnge-20250121_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-003388-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001438943 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001438943 
8-K 
2025-01-21 
RANGE IMPACT, INC. 
NV 
000-53832 
75-3268988 
200 Park Avenue 
Suite 400 
Cleveland 
OH 
44122 
(216) 
304-6556 
Not Applicable 
Common Stock 
RNGE 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 000-53832

Entity Registrant Name RANGE
IMPACT, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001438943

Entity Tax Identification Number 75-3268988

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 200 Park
Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 400

Entity Address, City or Town Cleveland

Entity Address, State or Province OH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 44122

City Area Code (216)

Local Phone Number 304-6556

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol RNGE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Not
Applicable

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://rangeimpact.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
rnge-20250121.xsd 
rnge-20250121_lab.xml 
rnge-20250121_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>