<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-014987.txt : 20250219
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-014987.hdr.sgml : 20250219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250218195313
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-014987
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250211
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NorthView Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001859807
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				863437271
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41177
		FILM NUMBER:		25636840

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		207 WEST 25TH ST, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-494-9022

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		207 WEST 25TH ST, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0231358-8k425_north.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185980700018598072025-02-112025-02-110001859807NVAC:SharesOfCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-02-112025-02-110001859807NVAC:RightsEachEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnetenthOfOneShareOfCommonStockMember2025-02-112025-02-110001859807NVAC:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerWholeShareMember2025-02-112025-02-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

DATE
OF REPORT (DATE OF EARLIEST EVENT REPORTED): February
11, 2025

NORTHVIEW ACQUISITION CORP.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

delaware 001-41177 86-3437271

(State or Other Jurisdiction
of

Incorporation or Organization) (Commission File No.) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

207 WEST 25TH ST., 9TH FLOOR

NEW YORK, NY10001

(Address
of principal executive offices and zip code)

(212)
494-9022

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

(Former
name or former address, if changed from last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-14(c)).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol (s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Shares
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share NVAC OTC Pink
Open Market 

Rights,
each entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of one share of common stock NVACR OTC Pink Open Market 

Redeemable
warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per whole share NVACW OTC Pink Open Market 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Amendment
to Merger Agreement

As
previously disclosed, on November 7, 2022, NorthView Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (NorthView), entered into
an Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (as amended on September 12, 2023, January 12, 2024,
March 4, 2024, and as it may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement),
with Profusa, Inc., a California corporation (Profusa), and NV Profusa Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned
subsidiary of NorthView. The transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the Business Combination.

On
February 11, 2025, the parties to the Merger Agreement entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Merger Agreement (the Amendment)
pursuant to which the parties agreed to revise the Company Reference Value (as defined in the Merger Agreement) to adjust for financing
proceeds received by Profusa prior to the Business Combination, along with debt conversions and incentive shares to be issued. Additionally,
the Amendment (i) revised the definition of Milestone Event III such that the parties extended the period for Profusa to
consummate the APAC Joint Venture (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and receive the related funding from December 31, 2024 until December
31, 2025, and (ii) revised the definition of Milestone Event IV to change the earnout revenue target from $99,702,000
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 to an earnout revenue target of $11,864,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2026.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Amendment is not complete and is subject to and qualified in
its entirety by reference to the Amendment, a copy of which is filed with this Current Report
on Form 8-K as Exhibit 2.1, and the terms of which are incorporated by reference herein.

Securities
Purchase Agreement

Additionally,
on February 11, 2025, in a private transaction, NorthView entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA) with an
institutional investor (the Investor). Pursuant to the SPA, the Investor is expected, subject to the conditions relating
to such purchase set forth in the SPA, to purchase from NorthView senior secured convertible promissory notes in an aggregate principal
amount of up to $22,222,222 (the Convertible Notes) for a purchase price of up to $20,000,000, after a 10% original issue
discount (OID). The SPA contemplates that the Convertible Notes will be purchased in multiple tranches:

(i) The
initial closing amount (the Initial Closing Amount) of $9,000,000 will be purchased,
subject to the conditions set forth in the SPA, at the consummation (the Initial Closing
Date) of the Business Combination. The Convertible Notes to be issued by NorthView
on the Initial Closing Date will be in an aggregate principal amount of $10,000,000 (the
Initial Notes).

(ii) Prior
to the one-year anniversary of the Initial Closing Date, subject to the conditions set forth
in the SPA, NorthView may request that the Investor purchase additional Convertible Notes
having an aggregate principal amount of up to $12,222,222 at a purchase price of $11,000,000
(reflecting a 10% OID), as follows:

(a) Provided
a registration statement has been filed for the shares underlying the Initial Note, shares
of combined company common stock, par value $0.0001 (New Profusa Common Stock)
have traded a volume of at least 15,000,000 shares in the aggregate, and no default or event
of default has occurred, NorthView may call and thereby require the Investor to purchase
Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $2,222,222 for a purchase price of
$2,000,000 (reflecting a 10% OID) (Second Purchase);

1

(b) Provided
a registration statement is effective for the shares underlying the Initial Note, New Profusa
Common Stock has traded a volume of at least $35,000,000 in the aggregate after the $2,000,000
Second Purchase has closed, no default or event of default has occurred and the stock has
traded at a trading price of no less than $4.00 for a period of five trading days preceding
such purchase, NorthView may call and thereby require the Investor to purchase Convertible
Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $5,555,555 for a purchase price of $5,000,000
(reflecting a 10% OID); and

(c) The
Investor at its sole discretion may call from NorthView and thereby require NorthView to
sell an additional Convertible Note having an aggregate principal amount of $4,444,444 at
a purchase price of $4,000,000 (reflecting a 10% OID) to be purchased at any time within
12 months of the Initial Closing.

Form
of Convertible Note

Each
Convertible Note will mature on the date that is 18-months from its respective closing date (the Maturity Date) and is
convertible at any time at the holders option at the lower of $10 or 95% of the lowest daily volume-weighted average price per
share of New Profusa Common Stock in the 10 trading days prior to the original issue date for each Convertible Note and shall be adjusted,
without limitation, based on down-round and most-favored nation price and terms protections.

Interest
shall accrue on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Notes at a rate of 10% per annum and
increase upon an event of default to 24% per annum. Payments made in cash under the Convertible Notes shall be subject to a 5% fee which
shall be in addition to any amounts owing thereunder. The Convertible Notes provide for certain events of default that are typical for
a transaction of this type, including, among other things, any breach of the representations or warranties made by NorthView or its subsidiaries.
The Convertible Notes also provide for a 10% fee in case of late payments and mandatory prepayments upon Subsequent Offerings (as defined
in the form of Convertible Note) and, in the absence of an event of default, may be prepaid upon 10 business days prior notice,
subject to conversion rights.

The
Convertible Notes may not be converted by the Investor into shares of New Profusa Common Stock if such conversion would result in the
Investor and its affiliates owning in excess of 4.99% of the number of shares of New Profusa Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of all shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes.

Form
of Lock-Up Agreement

Pursuant
to the SPA, on the Initial Closing Date certain holders of NorthView common stock, including each officer and director of NorthView,
will enter into a lock-up agreement (the Lock-Up Agreement), pursuant to which they will agree not to, subject to certain
customary exceptions, offer, sell, contract to sell, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise dispose of any shares of NorthView common stock
or securities convertible, exchangeable or exercisable into, shares of NorthView common stock beneficially owned, held or acquired by
the person signing the Lock-Up Agreement. The period for such restrictions shall apply from the Initial Closing Date until the termination
of the Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms.

Additional
Ancillary Agreements

Pursuant
to the SPA and prior to or concurrent with the Initial Closing Date, NorthView and the Investor will enter into a Registration
Rights Agreement, a Security Agreement, and a Guaranty, respectively, each in a form to be agreed upon by NorthView and the
Investor. Pursuant to the SPA, New Profusa and its subsidiaries will be guarantors and parties to the Guaranty.

The
foregoing descriptions of the SPA, the form of Convertible Note, and the form of Lock-Up Agreement do not purport to be complete and
are qualified in their entirety by the terms and conditions of the SPA, the form of Convertible Note, and the form of Lock-Up Agreement,
respectively filed as Exhibit 10.1, Exhibit 10.2, and Exhibit 10.3 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

2

Additional
Information and Where to Find It

This
Current Report relates to a proposed business combination transaction among NorthView and Profusa pursuant to which Profusa would become
a wholly-owned subsidiary of NorthView, and NorthView would be renamed Profusa, Inc. In connection with the proposed transaction, NorthView
filed an initial registration statement/proxy statement on Form S-4 with the SEC on January 25, 2023 (as amended, the proxy statement/prospectus)
that will also constitute a prospectus of NorthView with respect to the NorthView common stock to be issued in the proposed transaction.
The definitive proxy statement/prospectus (if and when available) will be delivered to NorthViews stockholders. NorthView may
also file other relevant documents regarding the proposed transaction with the SEC. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING OR INVESTMENT DECISION,
INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF NORTHVIEW ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND ALL OTHER RELEVANT
DOCUMENTS THAT ARE FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION, INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS,
CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION.

Investors
and security holders may obtain free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus (if and when available) and other documents that are filed
or will be filed with the SEC by NorthView through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with
the SEC by NorthView will be available free of charge at NorthView Acquisition Corp., 207 West 25th St, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10001,
attention: Fred Knechtel.

Participants
in the Solicitation

NorthView
and its directors and executive officers are participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of NorthView in respect
of the proposed transaction. Information about NorthViews directors and executive officers and their ownership of NorthView common
stock is set forth in NorthViews Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February
26, 2024. Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests,
by security holdings or otherwise, is be contained in the proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the
SEC in respect of the proposed transaction when they become available. You may obtain free copies of these documents as described in
the preceding paragraph.

3

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
Current Report contains forward-looking statements, including, among other things, statements
regarding the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction, the combined company becoming
a publicly listed company, the anticipated impact of the proposed transaction on the combined
companies business and future financial and operating results, the anticipated timing
of closing of the proposed transaction, the success and customer acceptance of Profusas
product and service offerings, and other aspects of Profusas operations or operating
results. Words such as may, should, will, believe,
expect, anticipate, target, project,
and similar phrases that denote future expectations or intent regarding the combined companys
financial results, operations, and other matters are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future
events. Any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations
of future events or circumstances, including projections of market opportunity and market
share, the capability of Profusas business plans including its plans to expand, the
sources and uses of cash from the proposed transaction, the anticipated enterprise value
of the combined company following the consummation of the proposed transaction, any benefits
of Profusas partnerships, strategies or plans as they relate to the proposed transaction,
anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction and expectations related to the terms and
timing of the proposed transaction are also forward-looking statements. These statements
involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by
these forward-looking statements. Although each of NorthView and Profusa believes that it
has a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this communication,
each of NorthView and Profusa caution you that these statements are based on a combination
of facts and factors currently known and projections of the future, which are inherently
uncertain. In addition, there will be risks and uncertainties described in the proxy statement/prospectus
on Form S-4 relating to the proposed transaction, which is expected to be filed by NorthView
with the SEC and other documents filed by NorthView or Profusa from time to time with the
SEC. These filings may identify and address other important risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking
statements. Neither NorthView nor Profusa can assure you that the forward-looking statements
in this communication will prove to be accurate. These forward-looking statements are subject
to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, among others, the ability to complete
the business combination due to the failure to obtain approval from NorthViews stockholders
or satisfy other closing conditions in the Merger Agreement, the occurrence of any event
that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement, the ability to recognize
the anticipated benefits of the business combination, the amount of redemption requests made
by NorthViews public stockholders, costs related to the transaction the risk that
the transaction disrupts current plans and operations as a result of the announcement and
consummation of the transaction, the outcome of any potential litigation, government or regulatory
proceedings and other risks and uncertainties, including those to be included under the heading
Risk Factors in the final prospectus for NorthViews initial public offering
filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and in its subsequent annual and quarterly reports
on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, respectively, and other filings with the SEC. There may be additional
risks that neither NorthView nor Profusa presently know or that NorthView and Profusa currently
believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained
in the forward-looking statements. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking
statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by NorthView,
Profusa, their respective directors, officers or employees or any other person that NorthView
and Profusa will achieve their objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all.
The forward-looking statements in this current report represent the views of NorthView and
Profusa as of the date of this filing. Subsequent events and developments may cause those
views to change. However, while NorthView and Profusa may update these forward-looking statements
in the future, there is no current intention to do so, except to the extent required by applicable
law. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing
the views of NorthView or Profusa as of any date subsequent to the date of this communication.

No Offer
or Solicitation

This
Current Report is not intended to and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to sell or to buy any securities
or a solicitation of any vote or approval and is not a substitute for the proxy statement/prospectus or any other document that NorthView
may file with the SEC or send to NorthViews or Profusas stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction. No offer
of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act.

Item
2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information provided in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information provided in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

4

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

2.1 Amendment No. 4 to Merger Agreement, dated February 11, 2025, by and among NorthView, Profusa and Merger Sub

10.1 Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2025 by and between the Company and the Investor

10.2 Form
of Convertible Note 

10.3 Form
of Lock-Up Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the
Inline XBRL document)

5

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NORTHVIEW
ACQUISITION CORP.

Dated: February
18, 2025 By: /s/
Fred Knechtel

Name: Fred Knechtel

Title: Chief Financial Officer

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023135801ex2-1_north.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO MERGER AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 11, 2025, BY AND AMONG NORTHVIEW, PROFUSA AND MERGER SUB
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO MERGER AGREEMENT AND PLAN
OF REORGANIZATION

February 11, 2025

THIS AMENDMENT No. 4 to the
Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of November 7, 2022 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Merger Agreement and Plan
of Reorganization, dated September 12, 2023, by Amendment No. 2 to the Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated January 12,
2024, by Amendment No. 3, dated March 4, 2024, and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time in accordance with its terms, the Merger Agreement), by and among NorthView Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation
(Parent), NV Profusa Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger
Sub), and Profusa, Inc., a California corporation (the Company), is effective as of the date first written
above (this Amendment). Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to
them in the Merger Agreement.

WHEREAS, Section 9.03 of the
Merger Agreement provides that the Merger Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement executed by each of the parties thereto;

WHEREAS, Parent and the Company
desire to amend the Merger Agreement as set forth in this Amendment; and

WHEREAS, the respective board
of directors of each of Parent and the Company have each approved this Amendment.

In consideration of the mutual
promises contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Amendment.

a) Section 1.01 of the Merger Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(i) The following
definitions are hereby amended and restated in their entirety as follows:

Company
Private Placement Financing means the dollar amount of funds received by the Company after March 4, 2024, in exchange for
the issuance of Company Securities, plus any applicable accrued interest for such funds or financing as of the time of the Merger.

Company
Reference Value means a dollar amount equal to (i) the sum of the Company Equity Value, plus (ii) Incentive Equity Value,
plus (iii) the Aggregate Exercise Price, plus (iv) the Private Placement Value, minus (v) the Aggregate Company Incentive Amount.

Milestone
Event III means the closing of the Tasly JV and resulting receipt of proceeds of $6,000,000 (less any amounts previously
advanced to the Company) within the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.

Milestone
Event IV means the achievement of Earnout Revenue of $11,864,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2026.

Private
Placement Value means the product of (i) any Company Private Placement Financing, multiplied by the quotient of (ii) (A)
the Parent Per Share Value divided by (B) the Private Placement Basis.

(ii) The following
definitions are hereby added as follows:

Incentive
Equity Value means $29,018,330.

Private
Placement Basis means $2.22.

b) Section 7.01(a) is hereby amended such that any reference to 10% shall be replaced with 15%.

c) Section 9.01 of the Merger Agreement is hereby amended such that the reference to June 22, 2024 shall be replaced with March 22, 2025.

2. No
Other Amendments, etc. Except as provided in this Amendment, the Merger Agreement shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect,
and the execution of this Amendment is not a waiver by the Company or Parent of any of the terms or provisions of the Merger Agreement
and each party reserves any and all other rights and remedies available to it under the Merger Agreement. All reference in and to the
Merger Agreement (including any annexes, exhibits or schedules thereto) shall be deemed to be references to the Merger Agreement as amended
by this Amendment.

3. Governing
Law. This Amendment and the legal relations among the Parties with respect to this Amendment will be governed by and construed in
accordance with the provisions contained in Section 9.03 of the Merger Agreement.

4. Counterparts.
This Amendment may be executed by signatures exchanged via facsimile or other electronic means and in one or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

[Signature page follows]

[Signature
Page to Amendment to Merger Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Amendment to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

Parent: 

NORTHVIEW ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Fred Knechtel

Name: Fred Knechtel

Title: CFO and Co-Founder

Merger Sub:

NV PROFUSA MERGER SUB, INC.

By: /s/ Fred Knechtel

Name: Fred Knechtel

Title: Officer

[Signature
Page to Amendment to Merger Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Amendment to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

Company:

PROFUSA, INC.

By: /s/ Ben Hwang

Name: Ben Hwang

Title: CEO

[Signature
Page to Amendment to Merger Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023135801ex10-1_north.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 11, 2025 BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase
Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of February 11, 2025, by and among NorthView Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
Corporation (together with the Person surviving the Business Combination and their successors and, if permitted, assigns, the Company),
and the purchasers identified on the signature pages hereto (each, an Initial Purchaser) or that becomes a party
hereto at the Additional Closing pursuant to Section 2.1(a)(ii) (together with each Additional Purchaser and, in each case,
including their respective successors and permitted assigns, a Purchaser) and Ascent Partners Fund LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (Ascent), as collateral agent for the Purchaser Parties (in such capacity, and together
with any successor and replacement named in accordance with this Agreement, the Collateral Agent).

WHEREAS, subject to
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (together
with the Regulations promulgated thereunder, the Securities Act), the Company desires to issue and sell to the Initial
Purchasers, and the Initial Purchasers desire to purchase from the Company for cash and other valuable consideration, the Purchased Securities
as defined and described more fully in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. When used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meaning:

Additional Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Additional Notes pursuant to Section 2.1(a)(i).

Additional Closing Date
means the date the Additional Closing occurs.

Additional Closing Deadline
means the one-year anniversary of the Initial Closing Date.

Additional Closing Notice
has the meaning specified in Section 2.1(a)(ii).

Additional Closing Statement
has the meaning specified in Section 2.2(c).

Additional Purchasers
means the Purchasers (including any third party becoming a Purchaser for such purpose) purchasing Additional Notes at the Additional
Closing.

Additional Notes
has the meaning specified in Section 2.1(a)(ii).

Affiliate means
each Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or any Affiliate of such Person. For purpose
of this definition, control and related words are used as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under
the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchasers and their Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Company Parties and
their Subsidiaries, on the other hand, shall not be considered Affiliates of each other.

AML/CTF Regulation
has the meaning specified in Section 3.1(kk).

BHCA has the meaning
specified in Section 3.1(ff).

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Combination
means the proposed business combination between the Company and Profusa pursuant to the Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization,
dated as of November 7, 2022, by and among the Company, Merger Sub and Profusa, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated September
12, 2023, Amendment No. 2, dated January 12, 2024, Amendment No. 3, dated March 4, 2024 and Amendment No. 4, dated as of February [],
2025, and as it may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms,
with such modifications thereto as may be approved by each Purchaser and the Collateral Agent, each in their sole discretion.

Business Day means
any day except Saturdays, Sundays, any day that is a federal holiday in the United States and any day on which the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York is not open for business.

Capital Lease
means, as applied to any Person, any lease of, or other arrangement conveying the right to use, any property (whether real, personal
or mixed) by that Person as lessee that, in conformity with GAAP, is or should be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet
of such Person.

Capital Stock
means all shares, participation or other equivalent (however designated) of capital stock (whether denominated as common stock or preferred
stock), and all other equity interests, including all beneficial, partnership or membership interests, joint venture interests, participations
or other ownership or profit interests in or equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a Person (other than an individual),
whether voting or non-voting.

Closing Dates
means each of the Initial Closing Date and the Additional Closing Date.

Closings means
each of the Initial Closing and the Additional Closing.

Collateral means
any and all Collateral as defined in the Security Agreement or any other Transaction Document granting a Lien to the Collateral
Agent or any other Purchaser Party, as applicable, together with all property and interests in property and proceeds thereof now owned
or hereafter acquired by any Company Party in or upon which a Lien is granted or purported to be granted pursuant to any Transaction
Document.

Common Stock means
the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, any Capital Stock into which such shares of common stock shall have been
changed, and any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock. 

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of any Company Party which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including whether
or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to purchase, subscribe or
otherwise receive, Common Stock. 

Company Covered Person
has the meaning specified in Section 3.1(ll). 

Company Party means
each of the Company and its Subsidiaries and any other Person party or that is required to be party to the Guaranty as Guarantor
thereunder or to the Security Agreement as Grantor thereunder.

Consents means
any approval, consent, authorization, notice to, or any other action by, any Person other than any Governmental Authority.

Contractual Obligation
means, with respect to any Person, any provision of any security or similar instrument issued by such Person or of any agreement, undertaking,
contract, lease, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument (other than a Transaction Document) to which such Person is a
party or by which it or any of its property is bound or to which any of its property is subject.

2

Control Agreement
means an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to each Initial Purchaser and the Collateral Agent, granting control
(as defined under the applicable UCC) to the Collateral Agent over the Collateral described thereunder.

Conversion Price
means, with respect to any Note, the Conversion Price under and as defined in such Note.

Conversion Shares
means any Conversion Share under and as defined in any Note.

Currency Agreement
means any foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement, futures contract, option contract, synthetic cap or other similar agreement
or arrangement. For purposes of this definition, cryptocurrencies shall be considered currencies.

Default means
any event constituting a Default under and as defined in any Note.

Derivative means
any Interest Rate Agreement, Currency Agreement, futures or forward contract, spot transaction, commodity swap, purchase or option agreement,
other commodity price hedging arrangement, cap, floor or collar transaction, any credit default or total return swap, any other derivative
instrument, any other similar speculative transaction and any other similar agreement or arrangement designed to alter the risks of any
Person arising from fluctuations in any underlying variable, including interest rates, currency values, insurance, catastrophic losses,
climatic or geological conditions or the price or value of any other derivative instrument. For the purposes of this definition, derivative
instrument means any derivative instrument as defined in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 (Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities) of the United States Financial Accounting Standards Board, and any defined with a
term similar effect in any successor statement or any supplement to, or replacement of, any such statement.

Disclosure Certificate
means a certificate disclosing detailed information about the Company Parties and the Collateral in form and substance satisfactory to
each Initial Purchaser and the Collateral Agent, together with any update with respect to the Collateral or to any other information
set forth in such certificate separately required to be provided pursuant to, and provided in accordance with, any Transaction Document.

Disqualification Event
has the meaning specified in Section 3.1(ll). 

Dollars and the
sign $ each mean the lawful money of the United States of America.

Equity Line of Credit
means any transaction involving a Contractual Obligation of any Person with a counterparty whereby such Person has an option to Sell
its Securities to such counterparty over an agreed period of time and at future determined price or price formula, other than customary
preemptive or participation rights or weighted average or full-ratchet anti-dilution
provisions and other than in connection with fixed-price rights public offerings and similar transactions that are not Variable-Priced
Equity-Linked Instruments.

Evaluation Date
has the meaning specified in Section 3.1(o).

Event of Default
means any event constituting an Event of Default under and as defined in any Note.

Exchange Act means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Exchange Transaction
has the meaning specified in Section 4.7(b).

3

Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) shares of Capital Stock or Stock Equivalents not to exceed in the aggregate fifteen percent (15.00%) of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately following the Business Combination without the prior approval of the Purchasers
(i) to employees, officers, or directors of the Company pursuant to any equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose, by the Companys
Board of Directors or (ii) to employees, officers, directors, advisors or independent contractors of the Company Parties as compensation
for services provided to any Company Party or any of their Subsidiaries, including any Capital Stock or Stock Equivalents issued at the
Business Combination to any officers or directors; provided, that such issuance is approved by a majority of the board of directors of
the Company, (b) Securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Transaction Securities issued hereunder and/or other
Securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date hereof, provided
that such Securities have not been amended since the date hereof to increase the number of such Securities or to decrease the exercise
price, exchange price or conversion price of such Securities, (c) Securities issuable pursuant to any contractual anti-dilution obligations
of the Company in effect as of the date hereof, provided that such obligations have not been materially amended since the date
of hereof, (d) Securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or any other strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested
members of the Board of Directors; provided, that (x) such acquisitions and other strategic transactions shall not include transactions
in which any Company Party or any of its Subsidiaries is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity
whose primary business is investing in securities and (y) such Securities are not issued to persons who were officers, directors
or other Related Parties or advisors or independent contractors of the Company Parties and its Subsidiaries prior to such acquisition
or strategic transaction (unless such Securities are issued to such advisors or independent contractors for the purpose of compensation
for work done solely in connection with such acquisition or other strategic transaction), and (e) Securities issued pursuant to a Permitted
ELOC. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Exempt Issuance shall not include an issuance of any Variable-Priced Equity
Linked Instruments or any issuance pursuant to any Equity Line of Credit except for issuance under a Permitted ELOC.

Federal Reserve
has the meaning specified in Section 3.1(ff).

GAAP means United
States generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time, applied consistently throughout the periods referenced
and consistently with (a) the principles and standards set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board or any successor entity, (b) to the extent consistent with such principles, generally accepted industry practices and (c)
to the extent consistent with such principles and practices, the past practices of the Company as reflected in its financial statements
disclosed in the Disclosure Certificate.

Governmental Authority
means any nation, sovereign or government, any state, province, territory or other political subdivision thereof, any municipality,
any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof and any entity or authority exercising executive, legislative, taxing, judicial, regulatory
or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, and any corporation or other entity owned or controlled, through stock or
capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing, including any central bank stock exchange regulatory body, arbitrator, Trading
Market or other exchange, public sector entity, supra-national entity (including the European Union and the European Central Bank) and
any self-regulatory organization (including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners).

Guaranty means
that certain Guaranty required to be delivered pursuant to Section 2.1 of this Agreement, in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B with such changes satisfactory to each Initial Purchaser and the Collateral Agent, and issued by the Company Parties
for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, the Purchasers and the other Purchaser Parties.

4

Guaranty Obligation
means, as applied to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of such Person with respect to any Indebtedness
of another Person, if the purpose or intent of such Person in incurring the Guaranty Obligation is to provide assurance to the holder
of such Indebtedness that such Indebtedness will be paid or discharged, that any agreement relating thereto will be complied with, or
that any holder of such Indebtedness will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss in respect thereof, including (a) the
direct or indirect guaranty, endorsement (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting
with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of Indebtedness of another Person and (b) any liability of such Person for Indebtedness
of another Person through any agreement (contingent or otherwise) (i) to purchase, repurchase or otherwise acquire such Indebtedness
or any security therefor or to provide funds for the payment or discharge of such Indebtedness (whether in the form of a loan, advance,
stock purchase, capital contribution or otherwise), (ii) to maintain the solvency or any balance sheet item, level of income or
financial condition of another Person, (iii) to make take-or-pay or similar payments, if required, regardless of non-performance
by any other party or parties to an agreement, (iv) to purchase, sell or lease (as lessor or lessee) property, or to purchase or
sell services, primarily for the purpose of enabling the debtor to make payment of such Indebtedness or to assure the holder of such
Indebtedness against loss or (v) to supply funds to, or in any other manner invest in, such other Person (including to pay for property
or services irrespective of whether such property is received or such services are rendered), if in the case of any agreement described
under clause (b)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above the primary purpose or intent thereof is
to provide assurance that Indebtedness of another Person will be paid or discharged, that any agreement relating thereto will be complied
with or that any holder of such Indebtedness will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss in respect thereof. The amount of any
Guaranty Obligation shall be equal to the amount of the Indebtedness so guaranteed or otherwise supported.

Indebtedness means,
with respect to any Person, without duplication, the following: (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations
of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services other than accounts payable and accrued liabilities incurred in
respect of property or services purchased in the ordinary course of business (provided, that such accounts payable and accrued
liabilities are not overdue by more than 180 days), (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar
borrowing or securities instruments, (d) all obligations of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other title
retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person as lessee under Capital Leases,
(f) all reimbursements and all other obligations of such Person with respect to (i) letters of credit, bank guarantees or bankers
acceptances or (ii) surety, customs, reclamation, performance or other similar bonds, (g) all obligations of such Person secured by Liens
on the assets of such Person, (h) all Guaranty Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire,
defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Capital Stock, Stock Equivalent (valued, in the case of redeemable preferred
stock, at the greater of its voluntary liquidation preference and its involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends)
or any warrants, rights or options to acquire such Capital Stock, (j) after taking into account the effect of any legally-enforceable
netting Contractual Obligation of such Person, all payments that would be required to be made in respect of any Derivative in the event
of a termination (including an early termination) on the date of determination and (k) all obligations of another Person of the type
described in clauses (a) through (j) secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise,
to be secured by) a Lien on the assets of such Person (whether or not such Person is otherwise liable for such obligations of such other
Person).

Initial Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Initial Notes and other Purchased Securities pursuant to Section 2.1(a)(i).

Initial Closing Date
means the date on which the Initial Closing occurs.

Initial Closing Statement
has the meaning specified in Section 2.2(a).

Initial Notes
has the meaning specified in Section 2.1(a)(i).

Initial Principal Amount
means, as to any Note of any Purchaser, the principal amount of such Note set forth in Schedule I.

Intellectual Property Rights
means, collectively, all copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, internet domain names, and all applications for
any of the foregoing or for any renewal thereof, together with: (i) all inventions, processes, production methods, proprietary information,
know-how and trade secrets; (ii) all licenses or user or other agreements granted with respect to any of the foregoing, in each
case whether now or hereafter owned or used; (iii) all customer lists, identification of suppliers, data, plans, blueprints, specifications,
designs, drawings, recorded knowledge, surveys, engineering reports, test reports, manuals, materials standards, processing standards,
performance standards, catalogs, computer and automatic machinery software and programs; (iv) all field repair data, sales data and other
information relating to sales or service of products now or hereafter manufactured; (v) all accounting information and all media in which
or on which any information or knowledge or data or records may be recorded or stored and all computer programs used for the compilation
or printout of such information, knowledge, records or data; (vi) all applications for any of the foregoing and (vii) all causes of action,
claims and warranties, in each case, now or hereafter owned or acquired in respect of any item listed above.

5

Intellectual Property Security
Agreement means each Intellectual Property Security Agreement executed by any Company Party and delivered to the Company in
the form attached to the Security Agreement with such changes satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.

Interest Rate Agreement
means any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, interest rate hedging agreement
or other similar agreement or arrangement.

IPO has the meaning
specified in Section 6.16.

Issuable Securities
means the Conversion Shares, as well as any other shares of Common Stock either issued or required to be issued by the Company hereunder
to any Purchaser or the Collateral Agent under any Transaction Document after the Initial Closing Date, whether as payment for an Obligation
or otherwise. 

Joinder Agreement
means each Joinder Agreement by and among each Additional Purchaser that was not an Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Agent and the Company,
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G with such changes satisfactory to each Additional Purchaser and the Collateral Agent.

Legend Removal Date
has the meaning specified in Section 4.1(c).

Liabilities means
all amounts, indebtedness, obligations, liabilities, covenants and duties of every type and description owing by any Company Party from
time to time to any Purchaser or any other Purchaser Party, whether direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, due
or to become due, liquidated or unliquidated, accrued or not, mature or not, secured or unsecured, now existing or hereafter arising
and however created, acquired (regardless of whether acquired by assignment), whether or not evidenced by any note or other instrument
or for the payment of money and whether arising under Contractual Obligations, Regulations or otherwise, including, without duplication,
(i) the principal amount due of the Note, (ii) all other amounts, fees, interest (including any prepayment premium), commissions, charges,
costs, expenses, attorneys fees and disbursements, indemnities, reimbursement of amounts paid and other sums chargeable to the
Company under the Note, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (including attorneys fees) or otherwise arising under
any Transaction Document and (iii) all interest on any item otherwise qualifying as a Liability hereunder, whether or not
accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or similar Proceeding,
whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such Proceeding.

License Agreement
has the meaning specified in Section 3.1(m).

Lien means any
lien (statutory or other) mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, security interest, encumbrance, charge, claim, right of first
refusal, preemptive right, restriction on transfer or similar restriction or other security arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever,
including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any capital or financing lease having substantially the same economic
effect as any of the foregoing.

Lock-Up Agreements
means each Lock-Up Agreement between the Collateral Agent and a director or officer of the Company and such other parties as shall be
identified by the Initial Purchaser and the Collateral Agent required to be delivered pursuant to Section 2.1 of this Agreement
for the benefit of the Purchasers, and in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E with such changes satisfactory to each Initial
Purchaser and the Collateral Agent.

6

Losses means all
liabilities, rights, demands, covenants, duties, obligations (including indebtedness, receivables and other contractual obligations),
claims, damages, Proceedings and causes of actions, settlements, judgments, damages, losses (including reductions in yield), debts, responsibilities,
fines, penalties, sanctions, commissions and interest, disbursements, Taxes, interest, charges, costs, fees and expenses (including fees,
charges, and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors, consultants and professionals and, if applicable, any value-added
and other taxes and charges thereon), in each case of any kind or nature, whether joint or several, whether now existing or hereafter
arising and however acquired and whether or not known, asserted, direct, contingent, liquidated, due, consequential, actual, punitive
or treble.

Material Adverse Effect
means material adverse effect on, or change in, (a) the legality, validity or enforceability of any portion of any Transaction Document
or any transaction contemplated therein, (b) the operations, assets, business, or condition (financial or otherwise) of any Company
Party, (c) the ability of any Company Party to perform on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document for any
reason whatsoever, whether foreseen or unforeseen, including due to pandemic, acts of a Governmental Authority, interruption of transportation
systems, strikes, terrorist activities, interruptions of supply chains or acts of God, or (d) the Collateral or the perfection or priority
of any Liens granted to any Purchaser Party under any Transaction Document.

Maximum Rate has
the meaning specified in Section 6.12. 

Merger Sub means
NV Profusa Merger Sub, Inc., a California corporation.

Note means each
Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company to an Initial Purchaser or an Additional Purchaser hereunder, in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit A with such changes satisfactory to such Purchaser and the Collateral Agent.

Notice of Conversion
has the meaning specified in Section 4.2.

Obligation means
any item that qualifies as an Obligation under and as defined under any Note.

OFAC has the meaning
specified in Section 3.1(dd).

Participation Maximum
has the meaning specified in Section 4.8(a). 

Permit means,
with respect to any Person, any permit, filing, notice, license, approval, variance, exception, permission, concession, grant, franchise,
confirmation, endorsement, waiver, certification, registration, qualification, clearance or other Contractual Obligation or arrangement
with, or authorization by, to or under the authority of, any Governmental Authority or pursuant to any Regulation, or any other action
by any Governmental Authority in each case whether or not having the force of law and affecting or applicable to or binding upon such
Person, its Contractual Obligations or arrangements or other liabilities or any of its property or to which such Person, its Contractual
Obligations or any of its property is or is purported to be subject.

Permitted ELOC
means an equity line of credit transaction entered into no sooner than the date that is 90 days following the Initial Closing Date between
the Company and Ascent, an affiliate thereof or another party which is mutually acceptable to the Company and the Initial Purchaser and
the Collateral Agent.

Person means an
individual, partnership, corporation, incorporated or unincorporated association, limited liability company, limited liability partnership,
joint stock company, land trust, business trust or unincorporated organization, or a government or agency, department or other subdivision
thereof or other entity of any kind.

Pre-Notice has
the meaning specified in Section 4.8(b). 

Principal Trading Market
for any Security, means the principal Trading Market for such Security, as listed in the applicable offering documents for such Security.
The Principal Trading Market for the Common Stock is [Nasdaq Stock Market]. 

7

Proceeding against
a Person means an action, suit, litigation, arbitration, investigation, complaint, dispute, contest, hearing, inquiry, inquest, audit,
examination or other proceeding threatened or pending against, affecting or purporting to affect such Person or its property, whether
civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or appellate, in law or equity before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority.

Profusa means
Profusa, Inc., a California corporation.

Pro Rata Portion
means, with respect to a Purchaser and a group of Purchasers as of a particular date, the ratio of (i) the Purchase Price for the Purchased
Securities purchased on or prior to such date by such Purchaser (including, for the avoidance of doubt its predecessors and assignors)
that remain outstanding on such date to (ii) the aggregate Purchase Price for the Purchased Securities purchased by all Purchasers (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, their predecessors and assignors) in such group on or prior to such date that remain outstanding on such
date.

Prospectus has
the meaning specified in Section 6.16.

Public Information Failure
has the meaning specified in Section 4.9(b).

Public Information Failure
Payments has the meaning specified in Section 4.9(b). 

Public Stockholders
has the meaning specified in Section 6.16.

Purchase Price
means, as to any Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Notes purchased hereunder as specified on Schedule I. 

Purchaser Party
has the meaning specified in Section 4.15.

Purchased Securities
means the Notes. 

Registration Rights Agreement
means that certain Registration Rights Agreement required to be delivered pursuant to Section 2.1 of this Agreement, in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit D with such changes satisfactory to each Initial Purchaser and the Collateral Agent.

Regulation means,
all international, federal, state, provincial and local laws (whether civil or common law or rule of equity and whether U.S. or non-
U.S.), treaties, constitutions, statutes, codes, tariffs, rules, guidelines, regulations, writs, injunctions, orders, judgments, awards,
decrees, rulings, ordinances and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including, in each case whether or not having
the force of law, the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, all policies, recommendations, directives,
requirements, determinations, guidance and requests of any Governmental Authority and all administrative orders, directed duties and
stipulations entered by or with a Governmental Authority.

Related Parties
of any Person means (i) such Person, (ii) each Affiliate of such Person, (iii) each Person that, directly or indirectly, owns
or controls, whether beneficially, or as a trustee, guardian or other fiduciary, five percent (5%) or more of the Capital Stock having
ordinary voting power in the election of directors of such Person or such Affiliate, (iv) each of such Persons or such Affiliates
officers, managers, directors, joint venture partners, partners and employees (and any other Person with a functionally equivalent role
of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title or classification as a contractor under employment
Regulations), (v) any lineal descendants, ancestors, spouse or former spouses (as part of a marital dissolution) of any of the foregoing,
(vi) any trust or beneficiary of a trust, of which any of the foregoing are the sole trustees, that is established in whole or in
part by any of the foregoing, or that is for the benefit of any of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchasers and their
Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries, on the other hand, shall not be considered Related
Parties of each other.

8

Released Claims
has the meaning specified in Section 6.16.

Required Filings
means (a) any filing with any Governmental Authority required pursuant to Section 4.9 or 4.10 or the Registration
Rights Agreement and (b) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Transaction
Securities and the listing of the Transaction Securities for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby.

Required Purchasers
means Purchasers holding more than fifty percent (50%) of the principal amount of the Notes or, if no Note shall then be outstanding,
more than fifty percent (50%) in interest of the Issuable Securities then issued and outstanding.

Reserve Amount
means, as of any date, 200% of the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in the future
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, calculated (i) including any Issuable Securities issuable upon conversion or exercise of the Purchased
Securities, (ii) ignoring any conversion or exercise limits set forth therein, (iii) assuming that the Conversion Prices of the Notes
are, at all times on and after the date of determination, the then-effective Conversion Prices or exercise prices, as the case may be,
on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of determination and (iv) adjusting all of the foregoing ratably to account for any
reverse stock split or similar reclassification of the Common Stock. 

Resignation Effective Date
has the meaning specified in Section 5.6(a).

Restricted Payment
means, for any Person, (a) any dividend, stock split or other distribution, direct or indirect (including by way of spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or similar transaction), on account of, or otherwise to the holder or holders of, any
shares of any class of Capital Stock of such Person now or hereafter outstanding, (b) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar
payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any shares of any class of Capital Stock of such Person by such
Person or any Affiliate thereof now or hereafter outstanding, and (c) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any
Stock Equivalents now or hereafter outstanding; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) any cashless exercise of an employee
stock option in which options are cancelled to the extent needed such that the in-the-money value of the options (i.e.
the excess of market price over exercise price) that are cancelled is utilized to pay the exercise price, and applicable taxes, shall
not constitute a Restricted Payment and (ii) a distribution of rights (including rights to receive assets) or options
shall constitute a Restricted Payment.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar
Regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such rule.

Rule 424 means
Rule 424 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any
similar Regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same purpose and effect as such rule. 

Sale means a sale,
lease or sublease (as lessor or sublessor), sale and leaseback, conveyance, transfer, assignment or other disposition to, or any exchange
of property (other than cash and cash equivalents) with, any Person of, or any other transaction permitting any Person to acquire, in
one transaction or a series of transactions, any right, title or interest in, all or any part of a business or any property of any kind
(other than cash and cash equivalents) including a sale, factoring at maturity, collection of or other disposal, with or without recourse,
of any notes or accounts receivable and including acquiring or Selling any Derivative intended to transfer, or having the effect of transferring,
any risk relating to any such right, title or interest in such business or property, including any risk of Loss relating to holding any
such right, title or interest. To Sell shall have a correlative meaning.

Sanctioned Jurisdiction
means, at any time, a country, territory or geographical region that is subject to, the target of, or purported to be subject to, Sanctions
Laws. 

9

Sanctioned Person
means (a) any Person that is listed in the annex to, or otherwise subject to the provisions of, Executive Order 13224 Blocking
Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit and Threaten to Commit or Support Terrorism, effective September 24, 2001;
(b) any Person that is named in any Sanctions Laws-related list maintained by OFAC, including the Specially Designated National
and Blocked Person list; (c) any Person or individual located, organized or resident or determined to be resident in a Sanctioned
Jurisdiction that is, or whose government is, the target of comprehensive Sanctions Laws; (d) any organization or Person directly or
indirectly owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (c); and (e) any Person that
commits, threatens or conspires to commit or supports terrorism," as defined in applicable United States Regulations.

Sanctions Laws
means all applicable Regulations concerning or relating to economic or financial sanctions, requirements or trade embargoes imposed,
administered or enforced from time to time by OFAC, including the following (together with their implementing Regulations, in each case,
as amended from time to time): the International Security and Development Cooperation Act (ISDCA) (22 U.S.C. 23499aa-9 et seq.);
the Patriot Act; and the Trading with the Enemy Act (TWEA) (50 U.S.C. 5 et seq.).

SEC means the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Reports has
the meaning specified in Section 3.1(f).

Securities means
any Capital Stock, voting trust certificates, certificates of interest or participation in any profit sharing Contractual Obligation
or arrangement, loans, bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated
or otherwise, any other item commonly known as security, any other item treated as security under the Securities
Act, the Investment Company Act of 1940, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 or any other Regulation of the United States, any State,
province or any political subdivision of either of them and any certificate of interest, share or participation in temporary or interim
certificates for the purchase or acquisition of, or any option, warrant, right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, or any Derivative
valued by reference to, any item otherwise qualifying as Security hereunder.

Securities Act
has the meaning specified in the recitals. 

Security Agreement
means the Security Agreement by and among the Company Parties and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of, the Collateral Agent, the
Purchasers and the other Purchaser Parties, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C with such changes satisfactory to each Initial
Purchaser and the Collateral Agent.

Short Sales means
all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act. 

Standard Enforceability Exceptions
means (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other
laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally; (ii) as limited by Regulations relating to the
availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies; and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution
provisions may be limited by applicable Regulations.

Stock Equivalents
means all Securities and Indebtedness convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock or any other Stock Equivalent and all warrants,
options, scrip rights, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever, and all other rights or options or other arrangements (including
through a conversion or exchange of any other property) to purchase, subscribe for or acquire, any Capital Stock or any other Stock Equivalent,
whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable.

Subsequent Financing
has the meaning specified in Section 4.8.

Subsequent Financing Notice
has the meaning specified in Section 4.8(b).

10

Subsidiary means,
with respect to any Person, (a) if such Person is the Company, any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in, or otherwise required to
be set forth in, SEC Reports or the Disclosure Certificate, whether before, on or after the date hereof, and (b) in any case, any other
Person (other than natural persons) the management of which is, directly or indirectly, controlled by, or of which an aggregate of fifty
percent (50%) or more of the outstanding Voting Stock is, at the time, owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or
one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.

Taxes means any
present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments, deductions, withholdings or other charges of whatever nature, including
income, receipts, excise, property, sales, use, transfer, license, payroll, withholding, social security and franchise taxes now or hereafter
imposed or levied by the United States or any other Governmental Authority and all interest, penalties, additions to tax and similar
liabilities with respect thereto, but excluding, in the case of any Purchaser, taxes imposed on or measured by the net income or overall
gross receipts of such Purchaser.

Third Party Exchange Transfer
has the meaning specified in Section 4.7(b).

Trading Day means
a day on which the Principal Trading Market for the Common Stock is open for trading; provided, that, if the Common Stock does
not trade on any Trading Market, Trading Day shall mean Business Day.

Trading Market
means, for any Security, any of the following markets or exchanges on which such Security is listed, designated or quoted for trading
on the date in question: the NYSE American; the Nasdaq Capital Market; the Nasdaq Global Market; the Nasdaq Global Select Market; the
New York Stock Exchange; OTC Markets or the OTC Bulletin Board (and any successors to any of the foregoing). 

Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, the Disclosure Certificate, each Note, the Guaranty, the Security Agreement, each Intellectual Property Security
Agreement, each Control Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, each Lock-Up Agreement, the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter,
the Initial Closing Statement, each Joinder Agreement, each Additional Closing Notice, each Additional Closing Statement, each Subsequent
Financing Notice, each Notice of Conversion and each other agreement, notice and other document executed in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereunder. 

Transaction Securities
means the Purchased Securities and the Issuable Securities.

Transfer Agent
means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and any successor transfer agent for the Companys Common Stock. 

Transfer Agent Instruction
Letter means the letter from the Company to the Transfer Agent, duly acknowledged and agreed by the Transfer Agent, which
instructs the Transfer Agent to issue the Issuable Securities pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
F with such changes satisfactory to each Initial Purchaser and the Collateral Agent.

Trust Account
has the meaning specified in Section 6.16.

UCC means the
Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the State of Delaware; provided, that, in the event that, by reason
of mandatory provisions of any applicable Regulation, any of the attachment, perfection or priority of the Collateral Agents or
any other Purchaser Partys security interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code of a jurisdiction other
than the State of Delaware, UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for
purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection or priority and for purposes of the definitions related to
or otherwise used in such provisions.

Use of Proceeds Certificate
has the meaning specified in Section 3.1(gg).

Variable-Priced Equity-Linked
Instrument has the meaning specified in Section 4.7(a).

11

Voting Stock means
Capital Stock of any Person (i) having ordinary power to vote in the election of any member of the board of directors or any manager,
trustee or other controlling Persons of such Person (irrespective of whether, at the time, Capital Stock of any other class or classes
of such entity shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) and (ii) any Capital Stock of such
Person convertible or exchangeable without restriction at the option of the holder thereof into Capital Stock of such Person described
in clause (i) of this definition.

ARTICLE II
PURCHASES AND SALES

2.1
Closings

(a)
Purchase

(i)
Initial Closing. On a Trading Day chosen by the Company and reasonably acceptable to each Initial Purchaser following the date
on which the conditions set forth in Section 2.3 shall have been satisfied or duly waived (the Initial Closing Date),
and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and each Initial Purchaser party to this
Agreement on the date hereof agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase, Notes (the Initial Notes) having an
Initial Principal Amount set forth on Schedule I for such Initial Purchaser, in exchange for the Purchase Price set forth
on Schedule I for such Initial Purchaser for such Initial Closing. In the case of the Initial Notes, this Purchase Price reflects
the original issue discount shown on Schedule I.

(ii)
Additional Closing. On a Trading Day that (A) is on or before the Additional Closing Deadline, (B) follows the date on which the
conditions set forth in Section 2.3(c) shall have been satisfied or duly waived and (C) is proposed by the Company and reasonably
acceptable to each Initial Purchaser (the Additional Closing Date), upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth herein, the Company may request to sell additional Notes (the Additional Notes) having an aggregate principal
amount not to exceed $12,222,222.00 and for a Purchase Price that reflects at least the same original issue discount shown on Schedule I
for the Initial Notes, by delivering to the Collateral Agent a notice specifying the aggregate Initial Principal Amount requested,
the Purchase Price and the proposed Additional Closing Date, as well as certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 2.3(c)
(other than the deliveries described in Section 2.2(c)) are satisfied (or duly waived) as of the date of such notice
(the Additional Closing Notice). The Collateral Agent shall forward such notice to each Purchaser and, upon receipt,
each such Purchaser may, in its sole discretion, decide to purchase its Pro Rata Portion of the Additional Notes by notifying the Collateral
Agent within five (5) Business Days of receipt of such Additional Closing Notice and indicating in its notice whether such Purchaser
is interested in purchasing Additional Notes in excess of its allocated Pro Rata Portion if available and, if so, its maximum additional
Purchase Price. Should some Purchasers decline to purchase their Pro Rata Portion of the Additional Notes, the Collateral Agent may,
in its sole discretion, reallocate such Pro Rata Portion to Purchasers having indicated such an interest in purchasing Additional Notes
in excess of their allocation. Should there not be enough such Purchasers to purchase such Pro Rata Portion, the Collateral Agent may,
in its sole discretion, offer such Pro Rata Portion to third parties. Each such third party that agrees to purchase Additional Notes
shall execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent a Joinder Agreement and, whether or not such Joinder Agreement shall be acknowledged
by the Company, shall thereafter for all purposes be a party hereto and have the same rights, benefits and obligations as a Purchaser
party hereto on the Additional Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing so long as the conditions set forth in clauses (A), (B) and
(C) of the first sentence of this Section 2.1(a)(ii) are then satisfied, the Purchasers may require that the Company sell to them
Notes having an aggregate principal amount of $4,444,444.00 and the Company may require that the Purchasers purchase Notes as follows:

(1) if (x) a Registration
Statement shall have been filed with the SEC in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement including for registration therein
all of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) issuable in respect of the Initial Notes, and (y)
15,000,000 shares of the Common Stock in the aggregate shall have traded on the Principal Trading Market since the Business Combination,
the Company may require that the Purchasers purchase Notes having an aggregate principal amount of $2,222,222.00 in respect of which
the aggregate subscription amount shall be $2,000,000 (the Second Notes Purchase);
and

12

(2) if (x) the Registration
Statement filed with the SEC in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement including for registration therein all of the Registrable
Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) issuable in respect of the Initial Notes shall have been declared effective,
(y) $35,000,000 of dollar volume in the aggregate of shares of Common Stock shall have traded on the Principal Trading Market since the
Second Notes Purchase and (z) the Common Stock shall have traded on the Principal Trading Market at a trading price of no less than $4.00
for the five (5) Trading Days preceding such purchase, the Company may require that the Purchasers purchase Notes having an aggregate
principal amount of $5,555,555.00 in respect of which the aggregate subscription amount shall be $5,000,000.00.

(b)
Mechanics. At each Closing, (i) each Initial Purchaser or Additional Purchaser, as applicable, shall deliver to the Company, without
set off or counterclaim, via wire transfer to an account designated by the Company, such Purchasers Purchase Price in immediately
available Dollars, (ii) the Company shall deliver to such Purchaser, as set forth in Section 2.2(a), its Purchased Securities
and (iii) the Company and such Purchaser (or, where applicable, the Collateral Agent) shall deliver to each other the other items set
forth in Section 2.2 as being delivered on or prior to such Closing. Upon satisfaction of the terms and conditions set forth
in Section 2.3, such Closing shall occur remotely by electronic exchange of Closing documentation using DocuSign or a similar
service or, if the parties mutually agree, physically at any location chosen by the parties.

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
Deliveries to Initial Purchasers. On or prior to the Initial Closing, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each
Initial Purchaser the following, each dated as of the Initial Closing Date and in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent
and such Initial Purchaser:

(i)
this Agreement, duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
the Disclosure Certificate, duly executed by the Company Parties;

(iii)
an Initial Note for such Initial Purchaser duly executed by the Company with an Initial Principal Amount equal to the amount set forth
opposite for such Initial Purchaser on Schedule I, registered in the name of such Initial Purchaser;

(iv)
the Guaranty, duly executed by the Company Parties;

(v)
the Security Agreement, duly executed by the Company Parties;

(vi)
Control Agreements for each bank account and security account of any Company Party, each duly executed by such Company Party and the
bank or broker where such account is held (subject to de minimis exceptions made by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion);

(vii) the
Intellectual Property Security Agreements, duly executed by each Company Party having Intellectual Property Rights and covering collectively
all such Intellectual Property Rights (subject to de minimis exceptions made by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion);

(viii) the
Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the Company;

(ix)
Lock-Up Agreements duly executed by each officer and director of the Company and such other parties identified by the Initial Purchaser
and the Collateral Agent;

13

(x)
the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter, duly executed by the Transfer Agent in addition to the Company;

(xi) legal
opinions of counsel to the Company (including local counsel as may be requested by such Purchaser) in form and substance acceptable to
such Initial Purchaser and the Collateral Agent;

(xii) a
certificate from each officer of each Company Party with respect to corporate authorization and incumbency, each in form and substance
acceptable to such Initial Purchaser, attaching organizational documents, duly-adopted resolutions approving the Transaction Documents
and good standing certificates of such Company Party;

(xiii) an
additional certificate from the Company, in form and substance acceptable to such Initial Purchaser, certifying as to the occurrence
of various conditions to the Initial Closing;

(xiv) a
closing statement, duly executed by the Company, attaching a flow of funds, each in form and substance acceptable to such Initial Purchaser
(the Initial Closing Statement);

(xv)a
Use of Proceeds Certificate, duly executed by the Company certifying to the use of the proceeds of the such Closing; and

(xvi) such
other opinions, statements, agreements and other documents as such Initial Purchaser may require.

(b)
Deliveries to the Company on the Initial Closing. On or prior to the Initial Closing, each Initial Purchaser (or, where applicable,
the Collateral Agent) shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, as applicable, the following, each duly executed by such
Initial Purchaser (or, as the case may be, by the Collateral Agent) and dated as of the Initial Closing Date:

(i) this Agreement;

(ii) the Guaranty;

(iii) the Security Agreement;

(iv) any Control Agreements;

(v) the Intellectual Property Security Agreements;

(vi) the Registration Rights Agreement; and

(vii) the Lock-Up Agreements.

(c)
Deliveries to Additional Purchasers. On or prior to the Additional Closing, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered
to each Additional Purchaser the following, each dated as of the Additional Closing Date and in form and substance satisfactory to the
Collateral Agent and such Additional Purchaser:

(i) the Additional Note of such Additional Purchaser duly executed
by the Company with the Initial Principal Amount allocated to such Additional Purchaser pursuant to Section 2.1(a)(ii);

(ii) if such Additional Purchaser was not an Initial Purchaser,
a Joinder Agreement for such Additional Purchaser;

(iii) legal opinions of counsel to the Company (including local
counsel as may be requested by such Purchaser) in form and substance acceptable to such Additional Purchaser and the Collateral Agent;

14

(iv) a certificate from the Company, in form and substance acceptable
to such Additional Purchaser, certifying as to the occurrence of various conditions to the Additional Closing; and

(v) a closing statement, duly executed by the Company, attaching
a flow of funds, each in form and substance acceptable to such Additional Purchaser (the Additional Closing Statement);
and

(vi) such other opinions, statements, agreements and other documents
as such Additional Purchaser may require.

(d)
Deliveries to the Company on the Additional Closing. On or prior to the Additional Closing, each Additional Purchaser that was
not an Initial Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, as applicable, a Joinder Agreement duly executed by such
Additional Purchaser and the Collateral Agent and dated as of the Additional Closing Date.

2.3
Conditions to Closings.

(a) Conditions
to the Companys Obligations. The obligations of the Company pursuant to Section 2.1(a) in connection with each
Closing are subject to the satisfaction, or waiver in accordance with this Agreement, of the following conditions on or before the applicable
Closing Date:

(i) the representations and warranties of each Purchaser contained
herein shall be true and correct as of the applicable Closing Date (unless expressly made as of an earlier date herein in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements required to be
performed by any Purchaser on or prior to the applicable Closing Date (other than the obligations set forth in Section 2.1(a)
to be performed at such Closing) shall have been performed; and

(iii) the delivery by each Purchaser of the items each Purchaser
is required to deliver prior to the applicable Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.2.

(b)
Conditions to the Initial Purchasers Obligations. The respective obligations of each Initial Purchaser and the Collateral
Agent pursuant to Section 2.1(a) in connection with the Initial Closing are subject to the satisfaction, or waiver in accordance
with this Agreement, of the following conditions on or before the Initial Closing Date, both before and after giving effect to the Initial
Closing:

(i) the representations and warranties of each Company Party
contained in any Transaction Document shall be true and correct as of the Initial Closing Date (unless expressly made as of an earlier
date herein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements required to be
performed by any Company Party or any on or prior to the Initial Closing Date pursuant to any Transaction Document (other than the obligations
set forth in Section 2.1(a)(ii) to be performed at the Initial Closing) shall have been performed;

(iii) the items that the Company is required to deliver on or prior
to the Initial Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.2(a) shall have been delivered;

(iv) there shall exist no Default or Event of Default;

(v) no Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred from the date
hereof through the Initial Closing Date;

(vi) the Business Combination shall have been fully completed
in accordance with its terms;

15

(vii) from the date hereof through the Initial Closing Date, trading
in the shares of Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC or the Principal Trading Market for such Common Stock and, at
any time prior to the Initial Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended
or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on Securities of the Company whose trades are reported by such service
or on any Trading Market for such Securities, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York
State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international
calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable
judgment of such Initial Purchaser, and without regard to any factors unique to such Initial Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable
to purchase the Purchased Securities at the Initial Closing;

(viii) the Company meets the current public information requirements
under Rule 144 in respect of the Issuable Securities;

(ix) the Company has duly notified the SEC and its Principal Market
as may be required under their respective Regulations of the issuance of all Transaction Securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement
(including filing a Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form with its Principal Market if required); and

(x) any other conditions to the Initial Closing or the obligations
of such Initial Purchaser contained herein or in the other Transaction Documents shall have been satisfied.

(c)
Conditions to the Additional Purchasers Obligations. The respective obligations of each Additional Purchaser and the Collateral
Agent pursuant to Section 2.1(a)(ii) in connection with the Additional Closing are subject to the satisfaction, or waiver
in accordance with this Agreement, of the following conditions on or before the Additional Closing Date, both before and after giving
effect to the Additional Closing:

(i) the representations and warranties of each Company Party
contained in any Transaction Document shall be true and correct as of the Additional Closing Date (unless expressly made as of an earlier
date herein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements required to be
performed by any Company Party or any on or prior to the Additional Closing Date pursuant to any Transaction Document (other than the
obligations set forth in Section 2.1(a)(ii) to be performed at the Additional Closing) shall have been performed;

(iii) the items that the Company is required to deliver on or prior
to the Additional Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.2(c) shall have been delivered;

(iv) there shall exist no Default or Event of Default;

(v) no Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred from the date
hereof through the Additional Closing Date;

(vi) from the date hereof through the Additional Closing Date,
trading in the shares of Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC or the Principal Trading Market for such Common Stock
and nor shall have the Company received a deficiency notice from the Principal Trading Market which remains uncured or waived by the
Initial Purchaser, at any time prior to the Additional Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on Securities of the Company whose trades are reported
by such service or on any Trading Market for such Securities, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United
States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national
or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each
case, in the reasonable judgment of such Initial Purchaser, and without regard to any factors unique to such Initial Purchaser, makes
it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Additional Notes at the Additional Closing;

16

(vii) the Company has duly submitted a Listing of Additional Shares
Notification Form with the Nasdaq Capital Market with respect to each issuance of Additional Notes and the related Conversion Shares
pursuant to this Agreement;

(viii) Lock-Up Agreements duly executed by each officer and director
of the Company and such other parties identified by the Initial Purchaser and the Collateral Agent providing for an extended lock-up
period ending on the date that is 180 days after a Registration Statement registering the shares of Common Stock issuable in respect
of the Additional Notes issued in such Additional Closing shall have been declared effective; and

(ix) any other conditions to the Additional Closing or the obligations
of such Initial Purchaser contained herein or in the other Transaction Documents shall have been satisfied.

2.4
Post-Closing Deliveries. The Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Collateral Agent the following items by the following
deadlines, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent:

(a)
Within ten (10) Business Days following the end of each calendar month in which a Closing occurred, proof of receipt of the Purchase
Price from each party receiving a payment at such Closing;

(b)
Within one (1) Trading Day of any Person becoming a new Transfer Agent hereunder, a new Transfer Agent Instruction Letter issued by such
new Transfer Agent; and

(c)
Upon request by the Collateral Agent or any Purchaser, such other opinions, statements, agreements and other documents as the Purchaser
may reasonably require to effect the transactions contemplated in the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company Parties. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties as to
each Company Party (and, to the extent provided in the Guaranty or the Security Agreement or any other Transaction Document, each other
Company Party makes the following representations and warranties as, and to the extent applicable to, such Company Party) to each Purchaser
as of the date hereof and each Closing Date:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the Disclosure Certificate. The Company owns,
directly or indirectly, all Capital Stock and all Stock Equivalents of each of its Subsidiaries free and clear of any Liens, other than
as set forth in the Disclosure Certificate on the date hereof, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of Capital Stock of each
Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase
securities.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. Each Company Party is a Person having the corporate form listed in the Disclosure Certificate,
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization listed in the Disclosure Certificate
and is duly qualified or licensed to transact business in its jurisdiction of organization, the jurisdiction of its principal place of
business, any other jurisdiction where the Collateral Agent has disclosed to the Company it is planning to file a UCC financing statement
or a mortgage and, except where the failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect, any other jurisdiction where such qualification
is necessary to conduct its business or own the property it purports to own and no Proceeding exists or has be instituted or
threatened in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification. Each Company Party has the right, power and authority to enter into and discharge all of its obligations under each
Transaction Document to which it purports to be a party and has the right, power, authority, Permits and License Agreements to own its
property and to carry on its business as presently conducted. No Company Party is engaged in the business of extending credit (which
shall not include intercompany credit among the Company Parties) for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or any cryptocurrency,
token or other blockchain asset.

17

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The execution, delivery, performance by each Company Party of its obligations, and exercise by such
Company Party of its rights under the Transaction Documents, including, if applicable, the sale of Purchased Securities under this Agreement,
(i) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate actions of such Company Party, (ii) except for the Required Filings, do
not require any Consents or Permits that have not been obtained prior to the date hereof and each such Permit or Consent is in full force
and effect and not subject of any pending or, to the best of any Company Partys knowledge, threatened, attack or revocation, (iii)
are not and will not be in conflict with or prohibited or prevented by or create a breach under (A) except for those that do not
have a Material Adverse Effect, any Regulation or Permit, (B) any corporate governance document or resolution or (C) except for those
that do not have a Material Adverse Effect, any Contractual Obligation or provision thereof binding on such Company Party or affecting
any property of such Company Party and (iv) will not result in the imposition of any Lien on the Collateral other than Liens for the
benefit of the Purchaser Parties. Upon execution and delivery thereof, each Transaction Document to which such Company Party purports
to be a party shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Company Party, enforceable against such Company Party
in accordance with its terms, subject only to the Standard Enforceability Exceptions.

(d)
Issuance of the Transaction Securities. Each Transaction Security is duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance
with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued in compliance with all applicable Regulations, fully paid
and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction
Documents or by applicable Regulations. The Company has reserved for issuance of the Issuable Securities from its duly authorized Capital
Stock the number of shares of Common Stock required by Section 4.5(a).

(e)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the Disclosure Certificate, which Disclosure Certificate
also includes the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof.
The Company has not issued any Capital Stock or Stock Equivalent since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act
except (i) as set forth in the Disclosure Certificate, (ii) for the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys
employee stock purchase plans and (iii) pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of
the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act as set forth in the Disclosure Certificate. No Person has
any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in, or triggered by, the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including the issuance of the Transaction Securities in accordance with the terms of the applicable
Transaction Documents) as set forth in the Disclosure Certificate. There are no outstanding Stock Equivalents with respect to any Common
Stock, and there are no Contractual Obligations by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares
of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents except as set forth in the Disclosure Certificate. The issuance and sale of the Transaction
Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or any other securities to any Person (other than to any Purchaser)
and will not result in a right of any holder of securities issued by any Company Party to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or
reset price under any Stock Equivalent, except as set forth in the Disclosure Certificate. All of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock
of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all securities
Regulations, and no such outstanding share was issued in violation of any preemptive right or similar or other right to subscribe for
or purchase securities or any other existing Contractual Obligation. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder or the Board
of Directors, and no other Permit or Consent, is required for the issuance and sale of the Transaction Securities. Except as set forth
in the Disclosure Certificate on the date hereof, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar Contractual
Obligations with respect to the Companys Capital Stock or Stock Equivalents to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge
of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders or other equity investors.

18

(f)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. Other than as set forth in the Disclosure Certificate, the Company has timely filed all reports,
schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, taking into account any applicable extension duly obtained under applicable Regulations
(the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, any registration statement,
prospectus and any other document filed with the SEC being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports).
The Company has delivered or made available to the Investor through the SECs website (www.sec.gov), true and complete copies of
all SEC Reports. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, include all financial data required to be included or incorporated by reference, as well as
all material liabilities and obligations, whether direct or contingent, whether on or off-balance sheet. None of the SEC Reports, when
filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial
statements of the Company and other financial or statistical data included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and the Regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing and are consistent with
the books and records of the Company. Except as disclosed in footnotes to such financial statements, such financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with GAAP and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the
case of unaudited statements, to customary and immaterial year-end audit adjustments. The other financial and statistical data with respect
to the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries contained in the SEC Reports are accurately and fairly presented in all material respects.

(g)
Material Adverse Effects; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements
disclosed in the Disclosure Certificate: (i) there has been no event that has had, or could reasonably be expected to result in,
a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) no Company Party has incurred any Indebtedness or other liability (contingent or otherwise) other
than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities
not required by GAAP to be reflected in the Companys financial statements and not required to be disclosed in filings made with
the SEC, (iii) no Company Party has altered its fiscal year or accounting methods; (iv) no Company Party has declared or made
any Restricted Payment or entered in any Contractual Obligation to do so, (v) no Company Party has issued any Security to any officer,
director or other Affiliate, and (vi) there has been no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred
or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to any Company Party, their Subsidiaries or their respective businesses,
properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by any Company Party under applicable securities
Regulations at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day
prior to the date that this representation is made.

(h)
Litigation. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Certificate, there is no Proceeding (and, to the knowledge of the Company Parties,
no such Proceeding has been threatened) against any Company Party of any Subsidiary of any Company Party or any current or former officer
or director of any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party in its capacity as such which (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document or Transaction Security, (ii) involves the SEC or otherwise involves
violations of securities Regulations or (iii) could, assuming an unfavorable result, have or reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect, and none of the Company Parties, their Subsidiaries, or any director or officer of any of them, is or has
been the subject of any Proceeding involving a claim of violation of or liability under securities Regulations or a claim of breach of
fiduciary duty. The SEC has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed
by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(i)
Labor Relations. There is (i) no unfair labor practice at any Company Party, (ii) no unfair labor practice complaint pending (or,
to the knowledge of any Company Party, threatened) against any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party before the National
Labor Relations Board, (iii) no grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any collective bargaining agreement
that is pending (or, to the knowledge of any Company Party, threatened) against any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party
before the National Labor Relations Board, (iv) no strike, work stoppage or other labor dispute in existence (or, to the knowledge of
any Company Party, threatened) involving any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party, (v) no union representation question
existing with respect to the employees of any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party, as the case may be, (vi) no union
organization activity that is taking place at any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party, except, in each case with respect
to any matter specified in clauses (i) through (vi) above, for such matters that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of any Company Partys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of
a union that relates to such employees relationship with such Company Party or such Subsidiary, and none of the Company Parties
nor any of their Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement. To the knowledge of the Company, the continued service
to the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries of the executive officers of the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries is not, and is
not expected to be, in violation of any material term of any Contractual Obligation in favor of any third party and does not subject
any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party to any Loss with respect to any of the foregoing matters.

19

(j)
Compliance. No Company Party and no Subsidiary thereof, except as set forth in the Disclosure Certificate or as could not have
or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred
that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under),
nor has any Company Party or any Subsidiary thereof received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation
of, any Contractual Obligation (whether or not such default or violation has been waived); (ii) is or has been in violation of any
Regulation (including any judgment, decree or order of any Governmental Authority), and to the knowledge of each Company Party, no Person
has made or threatened to make any claim that such a violation exists (including relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety, employment or labor matters) or (iii) has incurred, or could reasonably be expected
to incur Losses relating to compliance with Regulations (including clean-up costs under environmental Regulations), nor have any such
Losses been threatened.

(k) Permits.
Each Company Party and its Subsidiaries possess all Permits, each issued by the appropriate Governmental Authority, that are necessary
to conduct their respective businesses as described in the Disclosure Certificate and which failure to possess could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no Company Party nor any Subsidiary thereof has received any notice of Proceedings relating
to the revocation or modification of any such Permit.

(l) Title
to Assets; Insurance. Each Company Party and their Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property
owned by them and good title in fee simple to all personal property owned or purported to be owned by any of them that is material to
the business of any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party, in each case free and clear of all Liens except as set forth
in the Disclosure Certificate and except for (i) Liens that do not materially affect the value of any such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens
for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and,
the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by any Company
Party or any Subsidiary of the Company Parties (and any personal property if such lease is material to the business of any Company Party
or any Subsidiary of any Company Party) are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company Parties
and their Subsidiaries party thereto are in compliance. The Company Parties and each of their Subsidiaries are insured by nationally
reputable insurers against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company Parties believe to be prudent and customary
in the businesses in which the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries are engaged. The Company Parties have no reason to believe that
they will not be able to renew their existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from
similar insurers as may be necessary to continue their business and, in each case, at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Intellectual
Property. Each Company Party and each Subsidiary of the Company Parties have, or have rights to use, all Intellectual Property Rights
they purport to have or have rights to use, which, in the aggregate for all such Company Party and such Subsidiary, constitute all Intellectual
Property Rights necessary or required for use in connection with the businesses of the Company Parties and their Subsidiary as presently
conducted. No Company Party and no Subsidiary of any Company Party has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of the Intellectual
Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, prior to the latest
Maturity Date (under and as defined in each Note), and, to the knowledge of each Company Party and its Subsidiaries, no
event has occurred that permits, or would permit after notice or passage of time or both, the revocation, suspension or termination of
such rights. No Company Party and no Subsidiary of any Company Party has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements
listed in the Disclosure Certificate, a written notice of a claim, nor has such a claim been threatened or could reasonably be expected
to be made, and no Company Party and no Subsidiary of any Company Party otherwise has any knowledge that any slogan or other advertising
device, product, process, method, substance or other Intellectual Property Right or goods or services bearing or using any Intellectual
Property Right presently contemplated to be sold by or employed by Intellectual Property Right of any Company Party or any Subsidiary
of any Company Party violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of each Company Party and its Subsidiaries, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable (subject
only to the Standard Enforceability Exceptions) and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property
Rights. Each Company Party and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value
of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Company Party and no Subsidiary of any Company Party has any Intellectual
Property Right registered, or subject to pending applications, in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or any similar office
or agency in the United States, any State thereof, any political subdivision thereof or in any other country, other than those set forth
in the Disclosure Certificate on the date hereof (or any later updates acceptable to each Purchaser), or has granted any licenses with
respect thereto other than as set forth in the Disclosure Certificate on the date hereof (or any later updates acceptable to each Purchaser).
On the date hereof, the Disclosure Certificate also sets forth all Contractual Obligations or other arrangements of any Company Party
or any Subsidiary of any Company Party as in effect on the date hereof pursuant to which such Company Party or such Subsidiary has a
license or other right to use any Intellectual Property Right owned by another Person and the dates of the expiration of such Contractual
Obligations or other arrangements (collectively, together with such Contractual Obligations or other arrangements as may be entered into
by any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party after the date hereof, the License Agreements). All
material License Agreements and related rights are in full force and effect, no default or event of default exists with respect thereto
in respect of the obligations of licensor or with respect to any royalty or other payment obligations of any Company Party or any Subsidiary
of any Company Party or any obligation of any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party with respect to manufacturing standards,
quality control or specifications and each such Company Party or such Subsidiary is in compliance with the terms thereof in all material
respects and no owner, licensor or other party thereto has sent any notice of termination or its intention to terminate such license
or rights.

20

(n)
Transactions with Related Parties. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Certificate, no Company Party and no Subsidiary of any
Company Party is a party to any Contractual Obligation or other transaction with any Related Party that is not a Company Party or Subsidiary
of a Company Party, including (a) investments by any Company Party or any Subsidiary thereof in such other Related Party, whether
in Capital Stock, Stock Equivalents, other Securities, Indebtedness owing by such Related Party or otherwise, or Indebtedness owing to
any such other Related Party and (b) transfers, sales, leases, assignments or other acquisitions or dispositions of any asset, in
each case except for (x) transactions in the ordinary course of business on a basis no less favorable to the Company Parties and
their Subsidiaries as would be obtained in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person not a Related Party and (y) salaries
and other director or employee or other staff compensation, including expense reimbursements and employee benefits, of the Company Parties
and their Subsidiaries.

(o)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and any and all related Regulations. The Company Parties and their Subsidiaries maintain a system of
internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements
general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and its Subsidiaries have established disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and its Subsidiaries and designed
such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports the Company is required to
file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SECs
Regulations. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the
Company and its Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such
date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations
as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as
such term is defined in the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control
over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(p)
Certain Fees. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Certificate, there is no Person (other than a Company Covered Person) that
has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration (including brokerage, finders fee, commissions or similar fees)
for solicitation of the Purchaser in connection with the sale of any Transaction Securities. No Purchaser has or shall have any obligation
with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this
Section 3.1(p) that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

21

(q)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of each Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Transaction Securities by the Company to the Purchasers
as contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Transaction Securities under the Transaction Documents does not contravene the Regulations
of any Trading Market of any Securities of any Company Party.

(r)
Registration Rights. No Person (other than as part of the Transaction Documents) has any right to cause any Company Party or any
Subsidiary of any Company Party to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any Securities of any Company Party or any Subsidiary
of any Company Party.

(s)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act.
The Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, denying or terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating denying or terminating
such registration. The Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market
on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
requirements of such Trading Market. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be in compliance with all such listing and
maintenance requirements. The Company has notified the SEC and its Principal Market, to the extent required by their Regulations, of
the issuance of all Transaction Securities to be issued on or before the date this representation is made (including filing with its
Principal Market a Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form covering all such Transaction Securities).

(t)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors (or equivalent body) have taken all necessary action,
if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys Certificate of Incorporation (or similar
charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable as a result of any Purchaser, the Collateral
Agent or any Company Party fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including as a result
of the Companys issuance of the Transaction Securities and the ownership of the Transaction Securities by any Purchaser or any
Affiliate of any Purchaser.

(u)
MNPI. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
each Company Party confirms that none of the Company Parties, their Affiliates, or agents or counsel or any other Person acting on behalf
of the foregoing has provided any Purchaser, any Purchaser Party or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes
or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser will rely on the foregoing
representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. Each Company Party acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes
or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set
forth in Section 3.2.

(v)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of each Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
no Company Party, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Purchased
Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration
of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on
which any of the Securities of the Company Parties are listed or designated.

22

(w)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Transaction
Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Transaction Securities for sale only
to the Purchasers.

(x)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. No Company Party and no Related Party of any Company Party, has done any of the following, directly
or indirectly (including through agents, contractors, trustees, representatives and advisors): (i) made contributions or payments
of, or reimbursement for, gifts, entertainment or other expenses, in each case that could reasonably be viewed as unlawful under U.S.
or other Regulations related to foreign or domestic political activity or (ii) made payments to U.S. or other officials, judges,
employees or other staff members of any Governmental Authority or other Persons viewed as government officials under any Regulation or
to any foreign or domestic political parties, elected or union officials or campaigns in order to obtain, retain or direct business or
obtain any improper advantage, and no part of the proceeds of the sale of Purchased Securities hereunder will be used, directly or indirectly,
to fund any such payment; (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution or other payment made by any Company Party or any Subsidiary
of any Company Party (or made by any Person acting on the behalf of any of the foregoing) which could reasonably be viewed as in violation
of U.S. or other Regulations; or (iv) any other activity in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977,
as amended, or any other Regulation sanctioning or purporting to sanction bribery, corruption and other improper payments.

(y)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is CBIZ CPAs P.C. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting
firm is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act.

(z)
No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated
by any Company Party to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and
the Company is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to
perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

(aa)
No Fiduciary or Advisory Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity
of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and has no business
relationship with any Company Party or any of their Subsidiaries other than as an investor in Securities of the Company. The Company
further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial, legal, tax, investment or other advisor or fiduciary of the Company
(or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given
by any Purchaser, the Collateral Agent, any Purchaser Party or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the
Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers acquisition of the Purchased
Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and
its representatives.

(bb)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no Company Party, Subsidiary of any Company Party or no one
acting on any of their behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization
or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Transaction Securities, (ii) sold,
bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Transaction Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed
to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case
of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Companys placement agent in connection with the placement of the Transaction
Securities.

(cc)
Stock Option Plans. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly
grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement
of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

23

(dd)
Sanctions. No Company Party and no Related Party of any Company Party, directly or indirectly (including through agents, contractors,
trustees, representatives or advisors) (a) is in violation of any Sanctions Law or engages in, or conspire or attempts to engage in,
any transaction evading or avoiding any prohibition in any Sanction Law, (b) is a Sanctioned Person or derive revenues from investments
in, or transactions with Sanctioned Persons, (c) has any assets located in Sanctioned Jurisdictions or (d) deals in, or otherwise engages
in any transactions relating to, any property or interest in property blocked pursuant to any Regulation administered or enforced by
the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). The Company will not use, directly or indirectly, any part of
the proceeds of the sale of Purchased Securities hereunder to fund, and none of the Company or the Company Parties, either directly or
indirectly (including through agents, contractors, trustees, representatives or advisors), are engaged in any operations involving, the
financing of any investments or activities in, or any payments to, a Sanctioned Person.

(ee)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(ff)
Regulated Entities. No Company Party and no Affiliate of any Company Party is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). No Company Party and no Subsidiary or Affiliate of any Company Party owns or controls, directly or indirectly, individually
or in the aggregate, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or
more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. No Company Party
and no Subsidiary or Affiliate of any Company Party, either individually or in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, exercise or has
the ability to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve. The Company is not an investment company and is not a company controlled
by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company is not subject to regulation
under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005, the Federal Power Act, the Interstate Commerce Act or the Investment Company Act
of 1940 or to any other Regulation or Permit limiting the Companys ability to incur indebtedness for borrowed money.

(gg)
Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the sale of Purchased Securities hereunder shall be used
to provide working capital for the Company after the Business Combination and to pay current and deferred compensation to executive officers
and management of the Company as described in the use of proceeds certificate delivered in connection with each Closing (the Use
of Proceeds Certificate). Further to the foregoing, the proceeds of the sale of Purchased Securities used to pay current and
deferred compensation to executive officers and management of the Company shall not exceed (i) in respect of the proceeds of the Initial
Notes, an aggregate amount equal to the lesser of (x) $1,200,000 and (y) 33% of the amount of aggregate deferred compensation owing to
the executive officers and management of the Company as of the date of the Business Combination, and (ii) in respect of the proceeds
of any Additional Notes at any the closing of the sale of Additional Notes, an aggregate amount equal to 25% of the amount of aggregate
deferred compensation owing to the executive officers and management of the Company as of the date of the Business Combination; provided,
that the amount of such deferred compensation owing as of the date of the Business Combination shall have been disclosed on the Disclosure
Certificate. No Company Party shall, nor shall any Subsidiary of any Company Party, use the proceeds of the sale of Purchased Securities
hereunder (A) for the purpose of purchasing or carrying of margin security or margin stock within the meaning
of Regulations U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 12 C.F.R. Parts 221 and 224, (B) for the compensation
of executive officers and management to make distributions, or repay Indebtedness owing to, any holder of any Security of the Company
or (C) in any manner that might cause the purchase of the Notes or the application of such proceeds to violate Regulation T, Regulation
U or Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other Regulation. 

(hh)
Promotional Stock Activities. No Company Party, no Subsidiary of any Company Party and none of their officers, directors, managers,
affiliates or agents have engaged in any stock promotional activity that could give rise to a complaint, inquiry, or trading suspension
by the SEC alleging (i) a violation of the anti-fraud provisions of the federal securities laws, (ii) violations of the anti-touting
provisions, (iii) improper gun-jumping; or (iv) promotion without proper disclosure of compensation.

24

(ii)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company Parties (i) have made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign
income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) have paid all
taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports
and declarations and (iii) have set aside on their respective books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes of any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company Parties know of no basis for any
such claim.

(jj)
Seniority. Except for the Indebtedness set forth in the Disclosure Certificate on the date hereof, no Indebtedness or other claim
against any Company Party is senior in right of payment to the Notes or the obligations due thereunder or their guaranties, whether with
respect to interest or upon liquidation or dissolution, or otherwise, other than Indebtedness secured by purchase money security interests
(which is senior only as to underlying assets covered thereby) and capital lease obligations (which is senior only as to the property
covered thereby).

(kk)
AML/CTF Regulations. The operations of the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in
compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act
of 1970 and other applicable money laundering and counter-terrorism financing Regulations (collectively, the AML/CTF Regulations),
and no Proceeding by or before any Governmental Authority involving any Company Party or any Subsidiary of any Company Party with respect
to any AML/CTF Regulation is pending or, to the knowledge of any Company Party or any such Subsidiary, threatened.

(ll)
Disqualification Events. No Company Party, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other
officer of any Company Party, no beneficial owner of twenty percent (20%) or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities,
calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with
the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (as each such term is used and understood in Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities
Act, each a Company Covered Person) is (i) subject to any of the "Bad Actor" disqualifications described
in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) of Regulation D under the Securities Act except for the events listed in Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act or (ii) is subject to any event that would result in a disciplinary disclosure under Item 11 of Form ADV if
such Person was a supervised person (as defined for purposes of such Form ADV) of an investment adviser (a Disqualification
Event). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event.

(mm) Subsidiary Rights. Each Company Party has the unrestricted right to vote, and (subject to limitations imposed by applicable Regulation)
to receive dividends and distributions on, all capital securities of its Subsidiaries as owned by any Company Party or any Subsidiary
of any Company Party.

(nn)
Reserved.

(oo)
No Last-Minute Issuances. From and after the date of execution of the Term Sheet between the Collateral Agent and the Company,
no Company Party has engaged in any transaction which would constitute a violation of this Agreement or require the consent of, or grant
a right of first refusal to, any Purchaser Party if done after the Initial Closing Date.

(pp)
Full Disclosure. All of the disclosures furnished on behalf of, and all of the representations and warranties made by, any Company
Party in any Transaction Document and all statements contained in the Disclosure Certificate or any certificate or other document furnished
or to be furnished to any Purchaser or any Purchaser Party or their attorneys or advisors pursuant to any Transaction Document are true
and correct and none contains any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
contained therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. The Company Parties have responded to all questions
in the due diligence questionnaire (and any amendment or additional questions or questionnaires) provided by the Collateral Agent prior
to the date hereof completely and truthfully and have provided in response all of the information available to them that would reasonably
be qualified as responsive thereto, except where such Company Parties have indicated to the Collateral Agent that specific information
could not be provided and why. The press releases disseminated by the Company Parties during the twelve months preceding the date of
this Agreement, taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and
when made, not misleading.

25

3.2
Representations and Warranties of Each Purchaser. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, for itself and for no other Purchaser,
hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date
therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject
only to the Standard Enforceability Exceptions.

(b)
Own Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Purchased Securities are restricted securities and have not been
registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Transaction Securities acquired
as of the date this representation is made as principal for its own account, in the ordinary course of business, and not with a view
to or for distributing or reselling such Transaction Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any such Transaction Security in violation of the Securities Act or any
applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding
the distribution of any such Transaction Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law; provided,
that nothing in this clause (b) shall be construed to limit such Purchasers ability to sell such Transaction Securities
or to require such Purchaser to hold any such Transaction Securities for any minimum or other specific term and such Purchaser reserves
the right to dispose of any of such Transaction Securities at any time in accordance with an exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered or otherwise purchased or acquired the Purchased Securities, it was,
and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it converts the Notes or otherwise acquires Issuable Securities it is and
will be, a sophisticated investor accustomed to transactions like the purchase of the Purchased Securities hereunder and an accredited
investor as defined under the Securities Act and the Regulations thereunder.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Purchased Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic
risk of an investment in the Purchased Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not acquiring any Purchased Security as a result of any advertisement, article, notice
or other communication regarding Purchased Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television
or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such
Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the
material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if such Purchaser is a multi-managed investment vehicle (whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other
portions of such Purchasers assets), the representation set forth above in this clause (f)
shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that
made the investment decision to acquire the Purchased Securities covered by this Agreement. 

26

Each Company Party acknowledges and agrees that
the representations and warranties of each Purchaser set forth in Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect any Purchasers
right to rely on the representations and warranties of any Company Party contained in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document
or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transaction
contemplated hereby. 

ARTICLE IV
OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Transfer Restrictions.

(a)
The Transaction Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer
of Transaction Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of
a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof
to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, at the Companys
sole expense in the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer
does not require registration of such transferred Transaction Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such
transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser
under this Agreement.

(b)
Each Purchaser agrees, severally but not jointly, to the imprinting, for as long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a
legend on all of the Purchased Securities in the following form:

[THIS SECURITY HAS NOT] [NEITHER THIS
SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY [CONVERTIBLE][EXCHANGEABLE] HAVE] BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES REGULATIONS, AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED
FOR SALE OR PLEDGED AS SECURITY IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION WITHOUT RELIANCE ON AN EXEMPTION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND COMPLIANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES REGULATIONS. THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON [CONVERSION] [EXERCISE] OF THIS SECURITY]
MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN FROM AN ACCREDITED
INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

The Company acknowledges and agrees that each
Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest
in some or all of its Transaction Securities to a financial institution that is a sophisticated investor and an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and, if required under
the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Transaction Securities to the pledgees or secured parties.
Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured
party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the Companys
expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Transaction Securities may
reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Transaction Securities. 

27

(c)
No certificate evidencing any Transaction Security shall contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b))
in the following cases: (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such Transaction Security is effective under the Securities
Act; (ii) following any sale of such Transaction Security pursuant to Rule 144; (iii) if such Transaction Security is eligible for sale
under Rule 144; or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations
and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC). The Company shall upon request of any Purchaser and
at the Companys sole expense cause its counsel (or at such Purchasers option, exercised in its sole discretion, counsel
selected by such Purchaser) to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent promptly after any of the events described in (i)-(iv) in
the preceding sentence to effect the removal of any legend (including that described in Section 4.1(b)), with a copy to such
Purchaser, its broker and the Collateral Agent. If all or any portion of any Purchased Security is converted or exercised, respectively,
at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Issuable Securities, or if any Transaction Security
may be sold under Rule 144 or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including
judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC) then such Issuable Security or Transaction Security shall
be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c),
it will, no later than two (2) Trading Days following the delivery by any Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate
representing a Transaction Security issued with a restrictive legend (such second (2nd) Trading Day being referred to as the
Legend Removal Date of such Transaction Securities of such Purchaser), instruct the Transfer Agent to deliver or
cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The
Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer
set forth in this Section 4.1. Certificates for the Transaction Securities subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted
by the Transfer Agent to such Purchaser by crediting the account of such Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company
System as directed by such Purchaser.

(d)
In addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to such Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, $1,000 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date for such Transaction Securities
of such Purchaser until such certificate is delivered without a legend. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue
actual damages for the Companys failure to deliver certificates representing any Transaction Securities as required by the Transaction
Documents, and each Purchaser shall have, severally and not jointly, the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity
including a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

4.2
Conversion Procedures. The form of Notice of Conversion (each a Notice of Conversion) included in any
Note of any Purchaser sets forth the totality of the procedures required of such Purchaser in order to convert such Note. Without limiting
the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of
guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required in order to convert any Note. No additional legal opinion, other
information or instructions shall be required of any Purchaser to convert any Note. The Company shall honor conversions of any Note,
and shall deliver Transaction Securities in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.3
No Claims Under Stockholders Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by any Company Party or, with the consent of any
Company Party, by any other Person, that any Purchaser Party is an acquiring person (or similar or equivalent term) under
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover
plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser Party could be deemed to trigger the provisions
of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Transaction Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement
between the Company and any Purchaser Party.

4.4
Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Transaction Securities may result in dilution of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges
that its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including its obligation to issue the Transaction Securities pursuant to the Transaction
Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the
effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance
may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

28

4.5
Integration. The Company shall not engage in any Sale, offer for Sale or engage in any solicitation of offers to buy, any Security
(or otherwise negotiate in respect of any of the foregoing) that would be integrated with (i) the offer or sale of the Transaction Securities
in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Transaction Securities or (ii) the offer
or sale of the Transaction Securities for purposes of the Regulations of any Trading Market of any Securities of any Company Party in
a manner that would require shareholder approval prior to the closing thereof, unless such shareholder approval is obtained before such
closing.

4.6
Reservation and Listing.

(a)
The Company shall reserve for issuance of the Issuable Securities from its duly authorized Capital Stock a number of shares of Common
Stock at least equal to the higher of the Reserve Amount or such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under
the Transaction Documents. Upon a reverse stock split or increase in the authorized Common Stock of the Company, the Company will immediately
instruct the Transfer Agent to reserve at least the new amount applicable under this Section 4.6(a) after giving effect to such
stock split or increase. In addition, the Company shall update with the Transfer Agent at least monthly the amount reserved pursuant
to this Section 4.6(a).

(b)
If, on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than the Reserve Amount
on such date, then the Board of Directors shall amend the Companys Certificate of Incorporation (or equivalent governing document)
to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to the Reserve Amount at such time, as soon as possible and
in any event not later than the 60th day after such date.

(c)
The Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the Principal Trading Market for the Common Stock, prepare and
file with such Principal Trading Market an additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least
equal to the Reserve Amount on the date of such application; (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be
approved for listing or quotation on such Principal Trading Market as soon as possible thereafter; (iii) provide to each Purchaser evidence
of such listing or quotation; and (iv) maintain the listing or quotation of such Common Stock on any date at least equal to the
Reserve Amount on such date on such Principal Trading Market or any other Trading Market for such Common Stock.

4.7
Issuances of Variable-Priced Equity-Linked Instruments and Exchanges Transactions.

(a)
No Issuance of Variable-Priced Equity-Linked Instruments. For as long as any Note or Obligation remains outstanding, no Company
Party shall effect, or enter into any Contractual Obligation to effect, any issuance by any Company Party or any Subsidiary of a Variable-Priced
Equity-Linked Instrument. Variable-Priced Equity-Linked Instrument means (A) any Stock Equivalent convertible into,
exercisable or exchangeable for, or carrying the right to receive, shares of Common Stock or any other Securities of any Company Party
either (1) at any conversion, exercise or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or
quotations for such Common Stock or Securities at any time after the initial issuance of such Stock Equivalent, or (2) with a conversion,
exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset on more than one occasion at some future date at any time after the initial
issuance of such Stock Equivalent due to a change in the market price of such Common Stock or Securities since such initial issuance
(other than customary preemptive or participation rights or weighted average or full-ratchet
anti-dilution provisions or in connection with fixed-price rights offerings and similar transactions), and (B) any amortizing, convertible
Stock Equivalent that amortizes prior to its maturity date, where any Company Party is required or has the option to (or any investor
in such transaction has the option to require such Company Party to) make such amortization payments in shares of Common Stock or other
Securities which are valued at a price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for Common Stock or
other Securities at any time after such initial issuance of such Stock Equivalent (regardless of whether making such payments in such
manner is subject to various conditions). The Collateral Agent and any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against
the Company to preclude any issuance of any Variable-Priced Equity-Linked Instrument (without the need for the posting of any bond or
similar item, which the Company hereby expressly and irrevocably waives the requirement for), which remedy shall be in addition to any
right to collect damages.

29

(b)
No Exchange Transactions. For as long as any Note or Obligation remains outstanding, no Company Party, no Related Party of any
Company Party will, directly or indirectly (including through agents, contractors, trustees, representatives or advisors): (a) solicit,
initiate, encourage or accept any other inquiries, proposals or offers from any Person relating to any exchange (i) of any Security of
any Company Party for any other Security of any Company Party, except to the extent consummated pursuant to the terms of Stock Equivalents
of the Company as in effect as of the date hereof and disclosed in the Disclosure Certificate on the date hereof or (ii) of any Indebtedness
for any Security of, or claim against, any Company Party (any such transaction described in clauses (i) or (ii), an Exchange
Transaction); (b) enter into, effect, alter, amend, announce or recommend to its stockholders any Exchange Transaction
with any Person; or (c) participate in any discussions, conversations, negotiations or other communications with any Person regarding
any Exchange Transaction, or furnish to any Person any information with respect to any Exchange Transaction, or otherwise cooperate in
any way, assist or participate in, facilitate or encourage, any effort or attempt by any Person to seek an Exchange Transaction involving
any Company Party. For as long as any Note or Obligation remains outstanding, no Company Party and no Related
Party of any Company Party, will, either directly or indirectly (including through agents, contractors, trustees, representatives or
advisors), cooperate in any way, assist or participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort or attempt by any Person to effect any
acquisition of securities or indebtedness of, or claim against, the Company by such Person from an existing holder of such securities,
indebtedness or claim in connection with a proposed exchange of such securities or indebtedness of, or claim against, the Company (whether
pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act or otherwise) (a Third Party ExchangeTransfer).
The Company Parties and each of their Related Parties shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated all existing discussions, conversations,
negotiations and other communications with any Persons with respect to any of the foregoing. For all purposes of this Agreement, violations
of the restrictions set forth in this Section 4.7 by any Company Party, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of any Company Party,
or any officer, employee, director, agent or other representative of any Company Party or any Subsidiary or Affiliates of any Company
Party shall be deemed a direct breach of this Section 4.7 by the Company.

(c)
No At the Market Offerings or Equity-Lines of Credit. For as long the Notes remain outstanding, except with the consent of the
Required Purchasers and except for facilities led by the Collateral Agent or the Initial Purchaser, no Company Party and no Subsidiary
of any Company Party shall (i) effect, or enter into any Contractual Obligation to effect, any at-the-market offering
for any Capital Stock or (ii) enter into any Equity Line of Credit or draw on any existing Equity Line of Credit except for a Permitted
ELOC.

(d)
Relief. Each Purchaser shall, severally and not jointly, be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against any Company Party to
preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(e)
Most Favorable Terms. For so long as any Note or Obligation remains outstanding, if the Company grants, issues, Sell or modifies
any term of, any Securities or Indebtedness in the future or has entered into on or prior to the date of this Agreement, or shall in
the future enter into, any Contractual Obligation with any purchaser or holder of any Securities or Indebtedness of the Company, in each
case that provides any purchaser or holder of any such Security or Indebtedness with any term that is more favorable than a term available
to the Purchasers in the Transaction Documents, the Company shall notify each Purchaser of such term in writing on or before the date
that is three (3) Trading Days after the date of such grant, issuance, Sale or modification or, as the case may be, of execution of such
Contractual Obligation, and each Purchaser shall have the right, by notifying the Company of its election to do so, to elect in writing
within thirty (30) days of the receipt of such notice to elect to have such terms apply to such Transaction Documents. Upon effective
delivery of such notice from a Purchaser, the applicable Transaction Documents shall, automatically and without any further action (and
notwithstanding the requirements of Section 6.3), be deemed to be amended to include such more favorable term (and, if applicable,
replace any less favorable term). On the next Trading Day following receipt of such notice and request from such Purchaser, the Company
shall deliver an acknowledgment of such amendment in form and substance satisfactory to such Purchaser in its sole discretion; provided,
that the Companys failure to timely provide such acknowledgement shall not change the effectiveness of such amendment.

4.8
Right of First Refusal.

(a)
For so long as any Note remains outstanding, upon any issuance by any Company Party of Common Stock, any other Capital Stock or Stock
Equivalents or other Indebtedness or other equity or debt or hybrid securities, including any preferred Capital Stock, Equity Line of
Credit and convertible Indebtedness, whether for cash consideration or a combination of units thereof, (a Subsequent Financing),
each Purchaser shall have the right to participate up to its Pro Rata Portion (measured against all Purchasers) of 33% of such issuance
(the Participation Maximum) on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing.

30

(b)
At least three (3) Trading Days (eight (8) hours in case of a Subsequent Financing structured as a public offering or as an overnight
deal or other similar transaction) prior to the closing of a Subsequent Financing, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser a written
notice of its intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (Pre-Notice), which Pre-Notice
shall ask such Purchaser if it wants to review the details of such financing (each additional notice containing such details, a Subsequent
Financing Notice). Upon the request of any Purchaser for a Subsequent Financing Notice, and only upon such a request, the
Company shall promptly, but no later than one (1) Trading Day after such request, deliver a Subsequent Financing Notice to such Purchaser.
The Subsequent Financing Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of proceeds
intended to be raised thereunder and the Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected, the Pro Rata
Portion of the Participation Maximum of such Purchaser, an inquiry as to whether such Purchaser is willing to participate above their
Pro Rata Portion (and what is the maximum amount such Purchaser is willing to commit), and shall include a term sheet or similar document
relating thereto as an attachment.

(c)
If any Purchaser desires to participate in such Subsequent Financing, such Purchaser must provide written notice to the Company within
one (1) Trading Day of receipt of the Subsequent Financing Notice (eight (8) hours in the event of a Subsequent Financing structured
as a public offering or as an overnight deal or other similar transaction) that such Purchaser is willing to participate
in the Subsequent Financing, the maximum amount for which such Purchaser would be willing to participate if it is allocated to it (up
to the Participation Maximum), and representing and warranting that the Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment
on the terms set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice.

(d)
At first, each Purchaser shall first have the right to purchase its Pro Rata Portion (measured against all Purchasers) of the Participation
Maximum. If some Purchasers have declined to participate in such Subsequent Financing, and some portion of the Participation Maximum
remains unallocated, each Purchaser having agreed to participate above its current allocation shall be allocated its Pro Rata Portion
(measured against all Purchaser having so agreed) of the next dollar and so on and so forth until the Participation Maximum shall
be fully allocated or all Purchasers shall have been given their desired allocation in full.

(e)
The transaction documents related to any Subsequent Financing applicable to any Purchaser participating in such Subsequent Financing
shall not include any term or provision whereby such Purchaser shall be required to agree to any restrictions on trading as to any of
the Transaction Securities. In addition, the transaction documents related to the Subsequent Financing shall not include any requirement
to consent to any amendment to or termination of, or grant any waiver, release or other modification or the like under or in connection
with, this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the number of Purchasers required hereunder to consent to this amendment,
termination, waiver, consent, release or other modification.

(f)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.8 and unless otherwise agreed to by the applicable Purchaser,
the Company shall either confirm in writing to each Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been
abandoned or shall publicly disclose its intention to issue the securities in the Subsequent Financing, in either case in such a manner
such that each Purchaser will not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by the fifth (5th) Trading Day
following delivery of the Subsequent Financing Notice. If by such fifth (5th) Trading Day, no public disclosure regarding
a transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction has
been received by the Purchaser, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned and the Purchaser shall not be deemed to be in
possession of any material, non-public information with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(g)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.8 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance or to any issuance of Permitted
Debt (as defined under any of the Notes).

4.9
Public Disclosures and Notices.

(a)
The Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely
file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company
after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act.

31

(b)
At any time during the period commencing from the six (6)-month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the
Transaction Securities have been sold or may be sold by the Purchasers without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with
Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company shall fail for any reason to satisfy
the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) (a Public Information Failure) then, in addition to
any Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to each Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not
as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell its Transaction Securities, an amount in cash equal
to two percent (2.0%) of the aggregate Purchase Price of such Purchasers Purchased Securities on the day of a Public Information
Failure and on every thirtieth (30th) day (pro-rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier
of (a) the date such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for such
Purchaser to transfer pursuant to Rule 144 any Transaction Securities. The payments to which such Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant
to this Section 4.9(b) are referred to herein as Public
Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of
the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business
Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to
make Public Information Failure Payments when required by the preceding sentence, such Public Information Failure Payments
shall bear interest at the rate of two percent (2.0%) per month (accruing and due daily and prorated for partial months) until paid in
full. Nothing herein shall limit each Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and each Purchaser
shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief and recovery of loss profits.

(c)
The Company shall immediately notify the Collateral Agent and each Purchaser in writing of (i) any Disqualification Event relating
to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that, with the passage of time, would become such a Disqualification Event.

(d)
The Company shall immediately notify the Collateral Agent and each Purchaser in writing of the occurrence of any Default, Event of Default
and any other failure to comply with any Transaction Document. Each Company Party shall promptly (and in any event within five (5) Business
Days) provide to each Purchaser Party any documents or other information requested by such Purchaser Party to determine compliance with
any provision of any Transaction Document.

4.10
Securities Laws Disclosures. 

(a)
Disclosure of Transaction Documents. The Company shall issue a press release by 9 a.m. on the Trading Day next following the date
hereof publicly announcing the execution of the Transaction Documents and shall within four (4) Business days of the execution of the
Transaction Documents file with the SEC a current report on Form 8-K that includes the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto within
the time required by the Exchange Act. The Company represents and warrants to, and agree with, each Purchaser Party that, from and after
such disclosure, it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any Purchaser Party or their Related
Parties (or their respective agents, contractors, trustees, representatives and advisors) by any Company Party (including through agents,
contractors, trustees, representatives and advisors) in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Thereafter,
to the extent any new Transaction Document (including any notice provided thereunder) could be argued to include any material non-public
information, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day disclose such Transaction Document on Form 8-K. From and after such disclosure,
the Company represents and warrants to each Purchaser Party that it shall have publicly disclosed (and shall ensure that as part of such
disclosure and thereafter it shall publicly disclose within one (1) Trading Day) all material, non-public information delivered to any
Purchaser Party or any of their Related Parties (or their respective agents, contractors, trustees, representatives and advisors) by
any Company Party or any of their Affiliates or any of their respective Related Parties (or their respective agents, contractors, trustees,
representatives and advisors), in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective
upon such disclosure, any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any Contractual Obligation, whether written or oral, between
any Company Party, any of their Affiliates or any of their respective Related Parties (or their respective agents, contractors, trustees,
representatives and advisors), on the one hand, and any Purchaser Party or any of their Related Parties (or their respective agents,
contractors, trustees, representatives and advisors), on the other hand, shall immediately terminate and, from and after such disclosure,
no such obligations shall be valid, even if entered into after the date of this Agreement (unless such obligation specifically mentions
and refers to this clause (a) as inapplicable in a writing signed by such Purchaser Party), including click through
agreements and confidentiality clauses incorporated in larger agreements.

32

(b)
Financing Statements and Other Periodic Filings. The Company shall timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file
within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act,
shall not take any action or file any document (whether or not permitted by Exchange Act or the rules thereunder) to terminate or suspend
its reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act and shall meet the current public information requirements of Rule 144(c)
under the Securities Act.

(c)
Private Transaction. This is a private transaction negotiated with, and tailored to, each Purchaser and no Securities were offered
or sold to any Purchaser by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising. This transaction does not rely on Regulation
D under the Securities Act (and, therefore, the Company does not intend or need to file a Form D).

(d)
Press Releases. The Company and the Initial Purchasers shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and no Company Party or Initial Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise
make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company and the Collateral Agent, with respect to any press release of
any Initial Purchaser, or without the prior consent of the Collateral Agent, with respect to any press release of the Company, which
consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by Regulation, in which case the disclosing
party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Irrespective of the foregoing,
the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the SEC or
any Trading Market or any other Governmental Authority, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except as required by Regulations,
in which case the Company shall provide the Investor with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (d).

4.11
Custodians; Freely Tradeable and Trading Markets Listing.

(a)
DWAC. The Company shall ensure that its shares of Common Stock are and remain eligible for the Deposit and Withdrawal at
Custodian (DWAC) service of the Deposit Trust Corporation and not subject to any restriction or limitation imposed by or on behalf
of the Deposit Trust Corporation on any of its services or any other restriction or limitation on the use of the services provided by
the Deposit Trust Corporation (DTC chill).

(b)
Freely Tradeable. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company shall ensure that all
Transaction Securities are freely tradeable. For the purposes of this Section 4.11(b), such shares shall be deemed freely
tradeable if such shares are eligible for resale pursuant to (i) Rule 144 (provided the Company is compliant with its current
public information requirements) promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or such shares are the subject of a then effective
registration statement or (ii) an effective shelf or resale registration statement under the Securities Act, in customary
form, is effective under the Securities Act, registering the resale of such Transaction Securities by such security holder and names
such holder as a selling security holder thereunder, and such registration statement is reasonably acceptable such holder.

(c)
Trading Markets. The shares of Common Stock are trading, and the Company believes in good faith that they shall continue to trade
uninterrupted, on the Principal Trading Market and all other Trading Markets for such Common Stock (subject to any volume restrictions
set forth in the Notes). All of the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (including the Issuable
Securities) are listed or quoted for trading, and the Company shall use its best efforts to ensure that such shares continue to be listed
or quoted for trading interrupted, on the Principal Trading Market and each such other Trading Market.

4.12
Trading Activities of Purchasers. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding, it is understood
and acknowledged by the Company that (i) no Purchaser has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist
from purchasing or selling Transaction Securities of the Company or from entering into Short Sales or Derivatives based on securities
issued by the Company or to hold the Transaction Securities for any specified term, (ii) past or future open market or other transactions
by any Purchaser, specifically including Short Sales or Derivatives, before or after any Closing, as well as the closing of any future
private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) each
Purchaser, and counter-parties in Derivatives to which any Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, may presently have a short
position in the shares of Common Stock and (iv) no Purchaser shall be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms
length counter-party in any Derivative. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) each Purchaser may engage in hedging
activities at various times during the period that the Transaction Securities are outstanding, including, during the periods that the
value of the Issuable Securities deliverable with respect to Transaction Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities
(if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders' equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging
activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities and Derivatives do not constitute
a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

33

4.13
Material Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, each Company Party covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf, will provide any Purchaser, any Purchaser Party or their respective agents or counsel with any information that any Company
Party believes constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto such information is disclosed to the public, or such
Purchaser shall have entered into a written agreement with the Company regarding the confidentiality and use of such information. There
has been no public announcement of a pending or proposed Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control (as each such term is defined in
the Notes) that has not been consummated. No Purchaser has been provided by any Company Party or any Related Party of any Company Party
any information, that constitutes, or may constitute, material non-public information with respect to any Company Party. The Company
understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent a Company Party provides a Purchaser with material, non-public information,
the Company shall publicly disclose such information by 8:00 AM on the next succeeding Trading Day following the provision of such information
to such Purchaser; provided, however, in the event that such material non-public information is provided to a Purchaser pursuant to Section
4.8, the Company shall publicly disclose such information in accordance with the provisions set forth therein.

4.14
Credit Reports and Inquiries.

(a)
Credit Reports. Each Company Party authorizes the Purchaser Parties, their agents and representatives and any credit reporting
agency engaged by any Purchaser Party, to (i) investigate any references given or any other statements or data obtained from or about
the Company Parties for the purpose of the Transaction Documents, (ii) obtain consumer business credit reports on the Company Parties,
(iii) contact personal and business references provided by any Company Parties, at any time now or for so long as any amounts remains
unpaid under the Transaction Documents, and (iv) share information regarding the Company Parties performance under this Agreement
with affiliates and unaffiliated third parties.

(b)
Credit Inquiries. Each Company Party hereby authorizes the Purchasers (but they shall have no obligation) to respond to usual
and customary credit inquiries from third parties concerning any Company Party.

4.15
Indemnification of Each Purchaser Party. Each Company Party shall, jointly and severally, indemnify against, and hold harmless from,
each Purchaser, the Collateral Agent, their Related Parties, each Person who controls any of them (within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and their agents, contractors, trustees, representatives and advisors
(each, a Purchaser Party) any and all Losses that any Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating
to any of the following: (a) the execution, existence, administration, performance or enforcement by any Purchaser Party of any of the
Transaction Documents or consummation of any transaction described therein, including any real or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact, or real or alleged omission of any material fact, in any SEC Report, including any registration statement, or any prospectus or
any amendment or supplement thereto, (b) the existence of, perfection of, a Lien upon or the Sale or collection of, or any other damage,
Loss, failure to return or other realization upon any collateral, (c) any representation or warranty of any Company Party or any of their
Related Parties in any Transaction Document being untrue when made or the failure of any Company Party or any of their Related Parties
(whether directly or through their agents, contractors, trustees, representatives and advisors) to observe, perform or discharge any
of the covenants or duties under any of the Transaction Documents, or (d) any Proceeding, whether or not any Purchaser Party is a party
thereto (including Proceedings instituted by any Governmental Authority or any holder of any equity interest in, or other direct or indirect
investor in, the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party) with respect to any of the Transaction Documents or the transactions
contemplated therein. Additionally, if any Taxes (excluding Taxes imposed upon or measured solely by the net income of the recipient
of any payment made under any Transaction Document, but including any intangibles tax, stamp tax, recording tax or franchise tax) shall
be imposed on any Company Party or Purchaser Party, whether or not lawfully payable, on account of the execution or delivery of this
Agreement, or the execution, delivery, issuance or recording of any of the other Transaction Documents, or the creation or repayment
of any of obligations hereunder, by reason of any applicable Regulations now or hereafter in effect, each Company Party shall, jointly
and severally, pay (or shall promptly reimburse such Purchaser Party for the payment of) all such Taxes, including any interest,
penalties, expenses and other Losses with respect thereto), and will indemnify and hold the Purchaser Parties harmless from and against
all Losses arising therefrom or in connection therewith. The foregoing indemnities shall not apply to Losses (x) incurred by
any Purchaser Party as a result of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final non-appealable order
of a court of competent jurisdiction or (y) incurred by any Purchaser Party and directly and solely caused by the Company Parties including
in SEC Reports or any prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto information about such Purchaser Party provided by such Purchaser
Party and approved by such Purchaser Party for inclusion in such filing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Transaction
Document, the obligations of the Company Parties with respect to each indemnity given by them in this Agreement or any of the other Transaction
Documents in favor of the Purchaser Parties shall survive the payment in full of the Notes and the termination of this Agreement. The
indemnification required by this Section 4.15 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course
of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnification contained herein shall be in addition
to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against any Company Party or others and any liabilities any Company Party
may be subject to pursuant to any Regulation.

34

ARTICLE V
COLLATERAL AGENT

5.1
Appointment. Each Purchaser hereby irrevocably appoints Ascent, to act on its behalf as the Collateral Agent hereunder and under
the other Transaction Documents and authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as
are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto. The provisions of this ARTICLE V are solely for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers, and no Company
Party will have any rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the
term agent herein or in any other Transaction Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Collateral Agent
is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Regulation.
Instead, such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between
contracting parties.

5.2
Rights as a Purchaser. The Person serving as the Collateral Agent hereunder has the same rights and powers in its capacity as an
Initial Purchaser, Additional Purchaser and Purchaser as any other Initial Purchaser, Additional Purchaser and Purchaser and may exercise
the same as though it were not the Collateral Agent, and the terms Initial Purchaser, Initial Purchasers,
Purchaser or Purchasers will, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires,
include the Person serving as the Collateral Agent hereunder in its individual capacity to the extent such Person is an Initial Purchaser
or, as the case may be, Purchaser. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept payments from, lend money to, own securities of, and generally
engage in any kind of business with, the Company, any Company Party or any other Subsidiaries or Affiliates of the Company as if such
Person were not the Collateral Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Purchasers.

5.3
Exculpatory Provisions.

(a)
The Collateral Agent will not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Transaction Documents,
and its duties hereunder are administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral Agent:

(i)
will not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing;

(ii)
will not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers
expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents that the Collateral Agent is required to exercise as directed in
writing by the Required Purchasers (or such other number or percentage of the Purchasers as will be expressly provided for herein or
in the other Transaction Documents); provided, that the Collateral Agent will not be required to take any action that, in its
opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Collateral Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Transaction Document or
any applicable Regulations, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any
bankruptcy or insolvency Proceeding; and

35

(iii)
will not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Transaction Documents, have any duty to disclose, and will not be liable
for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company Parties or any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates that is communicated
to or obtained by the Person serving as the Collateral Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.

(b)
The Collateral Agent will not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required
Purchasers (or such other number or percentage of the Purchasers as will be necessary, or as the Collateral Agent believes in good faith
will be necessary, under the circumstances), or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment. The Collateral Agent will be deemed not to have knowledge
of any Default or Event of Default unless and until notice describing such Default or Event of Default is given to the Collateral Agent
in writing by a Company Party or a Purchaser.

(c)
The Collateral Agent will not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation
made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or
other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of
any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default or Event of
Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any
other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth herein, other than to confirm receipt
of items expressly required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent.

5.4
Reliance by Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent will be entitled to rely upon, and will not incur any liability for relying upon,
any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet
or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated
by the proper Person. The Collateral Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have
been made by the proper Person, and will not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder
that by its terms must be fulfilled to its satisfaction, the Collateral Agent may make such determination in its sole discretion, and
in determining compliance with any condition hereunder that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Purchaser, the Collateral
Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Purchaser unless the Collateral Agent has received notice to the contrary
from such Purchaser prior to the issuance of the Notes. The Collateral Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for any
Company Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and will not be liable for any action taken or not taken by
it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.

5.5
Delegation of Duties. The Collateral Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or
under any other Transaction Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent
and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Affiliates.
The exculpatory provisions of this Section will apply to any such sub-agent and to the Affiliates of the Collateral Agent and
any such sub-agent, and will apply to their respective activities in connection with the purchase of the Securities as well as other
activities as Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent will not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except
to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Collateral Agent acted
with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.

5.6
Resignation of Collateral Agent.

(a)
The Collateral Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Purchasers and the Company, which notice shall set forth the
effective date of such resignation (the Resignation Effective Date), such date not to be earlier than the thirtieth
(30th) day following the date of such notice. The Required Purchasers and the Company shall mutually agree upon a successor to the Collateral
Agent. If the Required Purchasers and the Company are unable to so mutually agree and no successor shall have been appointed within twenty-five (25)
days after the retiring Collateral Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Collateral Agent may (but will not be obligated
to), on behalf of the Purchasers, appoint a successor Collateral Agent it shall designate (in its reasonable discretion after consultation
with the Company and the Required Purchasers). Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation will become effective
in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date.

36

(b)
With effect from the Resignation Effective Date (i) the retiring Collateral Agent will be discharged from its duties and obligations
hereunder and under the other Transaction Purchasers under any of the Transaction Documents, the retiring Collateral Agent will continue
to hold such Collateral until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is appointed), and (ii) except for any indemnity payments
owed to the retiring Collateral Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Collateral
Agent will instead be made by or to each Purchaser directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Purchasers appoint a successor
Collateral Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Collateral Agent hereunder, such successor
will succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Collateral Agent (other than
any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring Collateral Agent), and the retiring Collateral Agent will be discharged from all
of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents. The fees payable by the Company to a successor Collateral
Agent will be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Company and such successor. After the
retiring Collateral Agents resignation hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, the provisions of this Article VI
will continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Collateral Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Affiliates in respect
of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Collateral Agent was acting as Collateral Agent.

5.7
Non-Reliance on Collateral Agent and Other Purchasers. Each Purchaser acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance
upon the Collateral Agent or any other Purchaser or any of their Affiliates and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Purchaser also acknowledges that it will, independently
and without reliance upon the Collateral Agent or any other Purchaser or any of their Affiliates and based on such documents and information
as it will from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon
this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

5.8
Collateral Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any bankruptcy or insolvency Proceeding or any other judicial
Proceeding relative to any Company Party, the Collateral Agent (irrespective of whether the principal amount of the Notes will then be
due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Collateral Agent has made any demand
on the Company) will be entitled and empowered (but not obligated), by intervention in such judicial Proceeding or otherwise:

(a)
to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Notes and all other obligations
that are owing and unpaid hereunder or under any other Transaction Document and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable
in order to have the claims of the Purchasers and the Collateral Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Purchasers and the Collateral Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due
the Purchasers and the Collateral Agent under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document) allowed in such judicial Proceeding;
and

(b)
to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same.

Any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator,
sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial Proceeding is hereby authorized by each Purchaser to make any payments of
the type described above in this Section 5.8 to the Collateral Agent and, in the event that the Collateral Agent consents
to the making of such payments directly to the Purchasers, to pay to the Collateral Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Collateral Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Collateral Agent
under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

37

5.9
Indemnification. Each Purchaser agrees to indemnify the Collateral Agent and each of its Related Parties (to the extent not reimbursed
by the Company), from and against such Purchasers aggregate ratable share (based on the principal amount of the Notes held by
the Purchasers) of any and all Losses that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against, the Collateral Agent or any of its Related
Parties in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or any action taken or omitted by
the Collateral Agent under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents; provided, that no Purchaser shall be liable for
any portion of such Losses resulting from the Collateral Agents or such Related Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct
as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing, each Purchaser agrees to reimburse the Collateral
Agent and its Related Parties promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any out-of-pocket expenses (including fees, expenses and
disbursements of financial and legal advisors) incurred by the Collateral Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery,
administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, Proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in
respect of its rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, to the extent that the Collateral
Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by the Company or another Company Party.

5.10
Collateral Matters; Appointment of Collateral Agent under other Transaction Documents. 

(a)
Without limiting the provisions of Section 5.8, the Purchasers irrevocably agree as follows:

(i)
the Collateral Agent is authorized, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the
Collateral Agent under any Transaction Document (A) on the date when all obligations have been satisfied in full in cash (other
than contingent obligations as to which no claims have been asserted), (B) that is sold or otherwise disposed of or to be sold or
otherwise disposed of as part of or in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted under the Transaction Documents, and

(ii)
upon request by the Collateral Agent at any time, each Purchaser will confirm in writing the Collateral Agents authority to release
or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of Collateral.

(b)
The Collateral Agent will not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding
the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agents lien
thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Company Party in connection therewith, nor will the Collateral Agent be responsible or liable
to the Purchasers for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral.

(c)
Each Purchaser hereby appoints the Collateral Agent as its collateral agent under each of the Transaction Documents and agrees that,
in so acting, the Collateral Agent will have all of the rights, protections, exculpations, indemnities and other benefits provided to
the Collateral Agent under this Agreement, and hereby authorizes and directs the Collateral Agent, on behalf of such Purchaser and all
Purchasers, without the necessity of any notice to or further consent from any of the Purchaser, from time to time to (i) take any
action with respect to any Collateral or any Transaction Document which may be necessary to perfect and maintain perfected the Liens
on the Collateral granted pursuant to any such Transaction Document or protect and preserve the Collateral Agents ability to enforce
the liens or realize upon the Collateral, (ii) act as collateral agent for such Purchaser for purposes of acquiring, holding, enforcing
and perfecting all Liens created by the Transaction Documents and all other purposes stated therein, (iii) enter into non-disturbance
or similar agreements in connection with licensing agreements and arrangements permitted by this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents and (iv) otherwise to take or refrain from taking any and all action that the Collateral Agent shall deem necessary or
advisable in fulfilling its role as Collateral Agent under any of the Transaction Documents.

38

ARTICLE VI
MISCELLANEOUS

6.1
Termination and Survival. This Agreement may be terminated by each Purchaser, as to the Purchasers obligations hereunder only
and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the Company and
the other Purchasers, if the Initial Closing has not occurred on or before the tenth (10th) Business Day following the date
hereof. Termination of this Agreement will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties) prior
to such termination. The representations and warranties, covenants and other provisions hereof shall survive each Closing and the delivery
of the Purchased Securities. Notwithstanding any termination of any Transaction Document, the reimbursement and indemnities to which
the Purchaser Parties are entitled under the provisions of any Transaction Document shall continue in full force and effect and shall
protect the Purchaser Parties against events arising after such termination as well as before.

6.2
Fees and Expenses. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated or any Purchased Securities shall be
purchased, the Company agrees to pay promptly to each Purchaser Party, or reimburse each Purchaser Party for, the following:

(a)
all the actual and reasonable costs, fees and expenses of negotiation, preparation, execution and closing of any Transaction Document
and the transfer of any Transaction Security and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated thereby, in each case on or
about the Initial Closing Date, including the reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of counsel to such Purchaser Party in connection
therewith in respect of which the Company has made a non-refundable deposit of $20,000 to be credited against such cost and fees;

(b)
all the actual and reasonable costs, fees and expenses of negotiation, preparation, execution and closing of any Transaction Document
and the issuance, delivery and transfer of any Purchased Security and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated hereby,
in each case after the Initial Closing Date (including on or about the Additional Closing Date), including the reasonable fees, expenses
and disbursements of counsel to such Purchaser Party in connection therewith;

(c)
all the costs, fees and expenses of preparation, printing and distribution of any registration statement or prospectus for any Transaction
Securities, of any other registration statement or prospectus, of any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing, or of the Transfer
Agent (including any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any Notice of Conversion,
exercise notice or other Transaction Document delivered after the Initial Closing by any Purchaser Party) and all other costs and expenses
(including stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied) incurred in connection with the delivery to, or exercise or conversion by,
any Purchaser of any Transaction Securities;

(d)
all the actual and reasonable costs, fees and expenses of creating and perfecting Liens in favor of such Purchaser Party, pursuant to
any Transaction Document, including costs associated with any Intellectual Property Security Agreement or Control Agreement, UCC fees,
other filing and recording fees, expenses and taxes, stamp or documentary taxes, search fees, title insurance premiums and reasonable
fees, expenses and disbursements of counsel to such Purchaser Party;

(e)
all the actual and reasonable costs, fees and expenses of administration of the Transaction Documents, including the transfer of the
Transaction Securities to the Purchasers and the removal of any legend thereon, and preparation, execution and closing of any consents,
amendments, waivers or other modifications thereto, including the reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of counsel to such Purchaser
Party in connection therewith and in connection with any other documents or matters requested by such Company Party (including through
agents, contractors, trustees, representatives and advisors) or otherwise prepared or delivered in connection with any Transaction Document;

(f)
all the actual and reasonable costs, fees, expenses and disbursements of any auditors, accountants, consultants or appraisers used in
connection with the Transaction Documents;

(g)
all the actual and reasonable costs, fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of any appraisers,
consultants, advisors and agents employed or retained by such Purchaser Party and its counsel) in connection with the inspection, verification,
custody or preservation of any collateral, to the extent required or permitted under any Transaction Document; and

39

(h)
all costs, fees and expenses (including the fees, expenses and disbursements of any appraisers, consultants, legal counsel, including
allocated costs of internal counsel, advisors and agents employed or retained by such Purchaser Party) and costs of settlement, incurred
by any Purchaser Party in enforcing any obligation owed hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents. or in collecting any payments
due from any Company Party hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents (including in connection with the sale of, collection from,
or other realization upon any collateral or the enforcement of any guaranty) or in any other Proceeding hereunder or under any Transaction
Document (including the costs, fees and expenses of any investment bank hired pursuant to any dispute resolution provision of any Note)
or in connection with any negotiations, reviews, refinancing or restructuring of the credit arrangements provided hereunder, including
in the nature of a work out or pursuant to any insolvency or bankruptcy Proceedings.

The
foregoing shall be in addition to, and shall not be construed to limit, any other provisions of the Transaction Documents regarding indemnification
and costs and expenses to be paid by the Company Parties.

6.3
Modifications and Signatures.

(a)
Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents contain and constitute the entire agreement of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior negotiations, agreements, and understandings, whether written or oral,
of the parties hereto, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents.

(b)
Amendments. No amendment, modification or termination of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall
be effective without the written consent of the Company and the Required Purchasers (or such other number of Purchasers as expressly
stated in other provisions of the Transaction Documents); provided, that (i) if any such amendment, modification or termination
disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of holders of a majority of the principal
amount of the Notes held by such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required and (ii) this
clause (b) may only be modified with the consent of all Purchasers. No waiver or consent shall be effective against any party unless
given in writing by such party and then any such waiver shall then be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose
for which it was given. Where the consent or waiver of the Purchasers generally (and not each Purchaser) is required, it may be given
by the Required Purchasers. Any modification effected in accordance with accordance with this Section 6.3(b) shall be binding
upon each Purchaser and holder of Purchased Securities and the Company Parties.

(c)
Beneficiaries; Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided in any other Transaction Document with respect to
such Transaction Document, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents shall bind and inure solely to the benefit of the Company
Parties, the Collateral Agent, the other Purchaser Parties, and their respective successors and, if permitted, assigns; provided,
that no Company Party may assign any part of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or any right, obligation, benefit, title
or interest hereunder or thereunder, without the Collateral Agent and the Required Purchasers prior written consents and any assignment
done without such consents shall be void ab initio. Unless otherwise expressly provided in any Transaction Document, each Purchaser
may Sell, or Sell, issue, negotiate or grant participations in, all or any part of any right, obligation, benefit, title or interest
under, including any remedy under, any Transaction Security or Transaction Document with the consent of the Collateral Agent and without
the consent of any Company Party; provided, that any transferee of the Purchased Securities shall agree in a writing for the benefit
of the Collateral Agent and the Company Parties to be bound, with respect to such transferred Purchased Securities, by the provisions
of the Transaction Documents that apply to Purchasers (and any attempt to effect such transfer without securing such agreement
shall be null and void but any such agreement shall be effective to make such transferee a party to this Agreement as a Purchaser and
to be bound by, and benefit from, the provisions of this Agreement applying to a Purchaser).

(d)
No Implied Waivers or Notice Rights. No notice to or demand on any Company Party, whether or not in any Proceeding, pursuant
to any Transaction Document shall entitle any Company Party to any other or further notice (except as specifically required hereunder
or under any other Transaction Document) or demand in similar or other circumstances. The failure by any Purchaser Party at any time
or times to require strict performance by any Company Party of any provision of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents
or the granting of any waiver or indulgence shall not waive, affect or otherwise diminish any right of any Purchaser Party thereafter
to demand strict compliance and performance with such provision, shall not affect, or operate a waiver under, any other provision of
any Transaction Document (except as specifically mentioned) and shall not constitute a course of dealing by such Purchaser Party at variance
with the terms of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (and therefore, among other things, shall not be construed to require
any notice by such Purchaser Party of its intent to require strict adherence to the terms of such Transaction Document in the future).
No waiver of any Default or Event of Default or any default under or breach of any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a
waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder
in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. None of the foregoing actions shall in any way affect the ability of each Purchaser
Party, in its discretion, to exercise any rights available to it under this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or under applicable
Regulations, except as specifically agreed in any written waiver or other modification made in accordance with accordance with this Section 6.3.

40

(e)
Counterparts. This Agreement and each Transaction Document may be executed in counterparts and by different parties on separate
counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and both of which, when taken together,
shall constitute but one and the same Agreement. In proving this Agreement in any Proceedings, it shall not be necessary to produce or
account for more than one such counterpart signed by the party against whom such enforcement is sought. Delivery of an executed signature
page of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document by email or other electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart by hand.

(f)
Electronic Signatures. Each party agrees that the electronic signatures, whether digital or encrypted, of the parties included
in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document are intended to authenticate this writing and to have the same force and effect
as manual signatures. Electronic signature means any electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to or logically associated with a
record and executed and adopted by a party with the intent to sign such record, including emailed electronic signatures. The Company
expressly agrees that this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents are transferable records as defined in applicable
Regulations relating to electronic transaction and that it may be created, authenticated, stored, transmitted and transferred in a manner
consistent with and permitted by such applicable Regulations.

6.4
Notices.

(a)
All notices, requests, demands, and other communications to either party hereto given under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document
shall be in writing (including email) and shall be given to such party at the physical address or send to the email address set forth
in the signature pages hereof or at such other physical address or email address as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose
of notice to the Purchasers and the Company in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.4.

(b)
Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by mail, three (3) Business Days after such communication
is deposited in the U.S. Mail with first class postage pre-paid, addressed to the noticed party at the address specified herein, (ii)
if by nationally recognized overnight courier, when delivered with receipt acknowledged in writing by the noticed party, (iii) if given
by personal delivery, when duly delivered with receipt acknowledged in writing by the noticed party or (iv) if given by email, when delivered
(receipt by the sender of a receipt using the return receipt function or receipt of a reply email being presumptive evidence
of receipt thereof); provided, that if such email is not sent prior to the last trading hour of the Principal Trading Market of
the Transaction Securities on a Trading Day, such email shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of trading on the next Trading
Day for such Principal Trading Market. Any notice that must be given promptly or immediately
shall be given by email. Any written notice, request or demand that is not sent in conformity with the provisions hereof shall nevertheless
be effective on the date that such notice, request or demand is actually received by the individual to whose attention at the noticed
party such notice, request or demand is required to be sent.

6.5
Set-Off. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under applicable Regulations and not by way of limitation of any such
rights, each Purchaser Party is hereby authorized by the Company Parties at any time or from time to time, without notice or demand to
any Company Party or to any other Person, any such notice or demand being hereby expressly waived, to set off and to appropriate and
to apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, including indebtedness evidenced by certificates
of deposit, whether matured or unmatured, but not including trust accounts) and any other indebtedness or other amounts at any time held
or owing by such Company Party to or for the credit or the account of any Company Party or any of their Related Parties against and on
account of any amounts due by any Company Party or any of their Related Parties to any Purchaser Party under any Transaction Documents
(including from the purchase price to be disbursed hereunder for the purchase of the Purchased Securities), irrespective of whether or
not (a) such Purchaser Party shall have made any demand hereunder or (b) the principal of or the interest on the Notes or any other
Obligation shall have become due and payable and although such obligations and liabilities, or any of them, may be contingent or unmatured.
If, as a result of such set off, appropriate or application, such Purchaser Party receives more than it is owed under any Transaction
Document, it shall hold such amounts in trust for the other Purchaser Parties and transfer such amounts to the other Purchaser Parties
ratably according to the amounts they are owed on the date of receipt.

41

6.6
Governing Law; Courts. 

(a)
Except as otherwise expressly provided in any other Transaction Document, this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and all
claims, disputes, Proceedings, and matters related hereto or thereto or arising hereunder or thereunder or arising from or relating to
the relationship among any of the parties hereto or thereto, are governed by, and shall be construed, interpreted and enforced exclusively
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware (without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof to the extent
such principles or rules would require or permit the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Delaware).

(b)
Any such Proceeding shall be brought exclusively in the Delaware state courts sitting in Wilmington, DE or the federal courts of the
United States of America for the District of Delaware sitting in Wilmington, DE; provided, that the Collateral Agent and any Purchaser
Party may bring Proceedings in other jurisdictions to enforce any Transaction Document. Each Company Party (i) accepts for itself
and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of such courts, (ii) irrevocably and unconditionally
waives any objection, including any objection to the laying of venue, whether based on the grounds of forum non conveniens or
on the fact that such jurisdiction is improper or otherwise, or any other objection that such party is not subject to the jurisdiction
of such courts, that it may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any Proceeding in that jurisdiction, (iii) irrevocably and
unconditionally consents to the service of process of any court referred to above in any Proceeding by the mailing of copies of the process
to the parties hereto as provided in Section 6.4 and (iv) irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that a final judgment in
any such Proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided
by law. Service effected as provided in this manner will become effective ten (10) calendar days after the mailing of the process. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing contained in any Transaction Document shall affect the right of any Purchaser Party to serve process in any other
manner permitted by applicable Regulations or commence Proceedings or otherwise proceed against any Company Party in any other jurisdiction.

6.7
Severability. Any provision of any Transaction Document being held illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall not
affect any part of such provision not held illegal, invalid or unenforceable, any other provision of any Transaction Document or any
part of such provision in any other jurisdiction, so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby is not affected in any manner adverse to any party. In addition, upon any determination that any such term or other provision
is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto will negotiate in good faith to modify the relevant Transaction
Document so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions
contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

6.8
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser Party exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser Party
may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or
election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, that, in the case of a rescission by
any Purchaser of a conversion or exercise of any Transaction Security, such Purchaser shall be required to return any Issuable Securities
subject to such rescinded conversion or exercise.

42

6.9
Replacement of Certificates. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Transaction Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or
destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case
of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances
shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Transaction
Securities.

6.10
Remedies. 

(a)
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each Purchaser
(severally and not jointly) and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree
that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the
Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense
that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(b)
If any Company Party shall fail to discharge any covenant, duty or obligation hereunder or under any of the other Transaction Documents,
each Purchaser may, in its discretion at any time, for the account and at the expense of the Company Parties jointly and severally, pay
any amount or do any act required of such Company Party hereunder or under any of the other Transaction Documents or otherwise lawfully
requested by any Purchaser (including buying-in Transaction Securities in the Principal Trading Market of such Transaction Securities
in case of failure by the Company to deliver Transaction Securities). All fees, costs and expenses incurred by any Purchaser in connection
with the taking of any such action shall be reimbursed to such Purchaser by the Company Parties, jointly and severally, on demand, with
interest at the highest interest rate that may be applicable, whether in the absence or during an Event of Default, to amounts due under
the Notes of such Purchaser from the date such payment is made or such costs or expenses are incurred to the date of payment thereof.
Any payment made or other action taken by any Purchaser under this clause (b) shall be without prejudice to any right to
assert, and without waiver of, any breach of any Transaction Document and without prejudice to any Purchaser Partys right to proceed
thereafter as provided herein or in any of the other Transaction Documents.

(c)
The remedies provided in this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies
available under any Transaction Document, whether at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive
relief).

(d)
Nothing in any Transaction Document shall limit any Purchaser Partys rights to pursue actual and consequential damages for any
failure by any Company Party to comply with the terms of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

(e)
Each Company Party acknowledges and agrees that any Event of Default will cause irreparable harm to each Purchaser Party and the remedy
at law for any such breach may be inadequate. Therefore, in the event of any such Event of Default, each such Purchaser Party shall be
entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

6.11
Marshaling; Payment Set Aside. No Purchaser Party shall be under any obligation to marshal any property in favor of any Company Party
or any other party or against or in payment of any amount due under any Transaction Document. To the extent that any Company Party makes
a payment or payments to any Purchaser Party pursuant to any Transaction Document or any Purchaser Party enforces or exercises its rights
thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated,
declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise
restored to any Company Party, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any Regulation (including any bankruptcy law, state or federal
law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended
to be satisfied, the Obligations repaid, the Transaction Documents and all Liens, rights and remedies thereunder, shall be revived and
continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

43

6.12
Usury. To the extent it may lawfully do so, each Company Party hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever
claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at
any time hereafter in force, in connection with any Proceeding that may be brought by any Purchaser Party in order to enforce any right
or remedy under any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction Document, it is
expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of each Company Party under the Transaction Documents for payments in the nature
of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable Regulations (the Maximum Rate)
and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with
any other sums in the nature of interest that any Company Party may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum
Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is increased
or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest
allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction Documents from the effective date thereof forward, unless such
application is precluded by applicable Regulations. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is
paid by any Company Party to any Purchaser Party with respect to any Obligation, such excess shall be applied by such Purchaser Party
to any outstanding Obligation or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the election of the Collateral
Agent.

6.13
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

6.14
Further Assurances. The Company Parties agree to take such further actions as each Purchaser shall reasonably request from time to
time in connection herewith to evidence, give effect to or carry out this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

44

6.15
Interpretation. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of any Transaction Document. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. Except
as otherwise expressly provided in any Transaction Document, if the last or appointed day for a payment, the taking of any action or
the expiration of any right required or granted under any Transaction Document shall not be a Business Day, then such payment may be
made, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. As used in any Transaction Document,
references to the singular will include the plural and vice versa and references to the masculine gender will include the feminine and
neuter genders and vice versa, as appropriate. When used in any Transaction Document, unless otherwise expressly provided in such Transaction
Document, (a) the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of
similar import refer to such Transaction Document as a whole and not to any particular provision of such Transaction Document, (b) recital,
article, section, subsection, schedule and exhibit references are references with respect to such Transaction Document unless otherwise
specified, (c) any reference to any agreement shall include a reference to all recitals, appendices, exhibits and schedules to such agreement
and, unless the prior written consent of any party is required hereunder and is not obtained, shall be a reference to such agreement
as waived, amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and (d) any reference to a specific Regulation shall be to such
Regulation, as modified from time to time, together with any successor or replacement Regulation, in each case as in effect at the time
of determination. Unless the context otherwise requires, when used in any Transaction Document, the following terms have the following
meaning: (t) asset and property have the same meaning and mean, collectively, all
rights and interests in tangible and intangible assets and properties, whether real, personal or mixed and including cash, capital stock,
revenues, accounts, leasehold interests, contract rights and other rights under Permits and Contractual Obligations, (u) documents
and documentation have the same meaning and mean collectively, all documents, drafts, instruments, agreements,
indentures, certificates, forms, opinions, powers of attorney, notices, summons, reports, financial statements and other writings, however
evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form, (v) execution, signed, signature
and words of like import shall be deemed to include electronic signatures and the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which
shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based record keeping
system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Regulation, including the Federal Electronic Signatures
in Global and National Commerce Act, the Delaware Uniform Electronic Transactions Act and any other similar state Regulation based on
the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, (w) incur means incur, create, make, issue, assume or otherwise become
or remain directly or indirectly liable in respect of or responsible for, in each case whether directly or indirectly, as primary obligor
or guarantor or endorser, and the terms incurrence and incurred and similar derivatives shall
have correlative meanings, (x) including means including, without limitation, (y) knowledge
of the any Company Party means the best knowledge of any officer, director or employee of such Company Party after due inquiry and (z) ordinary
course of business means in the ordinary course of business, as conducted on the date hereof, consistent with past practices
reflected in written disclosures made on or prior to the date hereof in accordance with this Agreement, together with such changes thereto
as may be approved by the Required Purchasers and the Collateral Agent, each in their sole discretion. The headings in this Agreement
are included for convenience of reference only and will not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. All references
in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to statutes and regulations shall include all amendments of same and implementing
regulations and any successor statutes and regulations; to any instrument or agreement (including any of the Transaction Documents) shall
include any and all modifications and supplements thereto and any and all restatements, extensions or renewals thereof to the extent
such modifications, supplements, restatements, extensions or renewals of any such documents are permitted by the terms hereof and thereof.
An Event of Default shall be deemed to exist at all times during the period commencing on the date that such Event of Default occurs
to the date on which such Event of Default is waived in writing pursuant to the relevant Note. Whenever in any provision of any Transaction
Document, any Purchaser is authorized to take or decline to take any action (including making any determination) in the exercise of its
discretion, such provision shall be understood to mean that such Purchaser may take or refrain to take such action
in its sole discretion. References to times of the day in any Transaction Document shall refer to Eastern Time. In the computation of
periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including,
the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through
means to and including. Time is of the essence of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. No provision of this
Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents shall be construed against or interpreted to the disadvantage of any party hereto
by any Governmental Authority by reason of such party having or being deemed to have structured, drafted or dictated such provision.
month (but not calendar month) means each period from a date of determination to the day in the next
calendar month numerically-corresponding to such date (provided, that, if such calendar month does not have any such numerically-corresponding
day, such numerically-corresponding day shall be deemed to be the last day of such calendar month). The reporting entity relied upon
for the determination of trading price and trading volume shall be Bloomberg, L.P.

45

6.16
Waiver Against Trust. The Purchasers understand that, as described in the final prospectus of the Company, dated as of December 20,
2021 and filed with the SEC (File No. 333- 257156) on December 22, 2021 (the Prospectus), the Company has established
a trust account (the Trust Account) containing the proceeds of its initial public offering (the IPO)
and the overallotment securities acquired by its underwriters and from certain private placements occurring simultaneously with the IPO
(including interest accrued from time to time thereon) for the benefit of the Companys public shareholders (including overallotment
shares acquired by the Companys underwriters, the Public Stockholders), and that, except as otherwise described
in the Prospectus, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only: (a) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect
to redeem their the Company shares in connection with the consummation of the Companys initial business combination (as such term
is used in the Prospectus) or in connection with an extension of its deadline to consummate a business combination, (b) to the Public
Stockholders if the Company fails to consummate a business combination within fifteen (15) months after the closing of the IPO (or up
to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail
in the Prospectus), (c) with respect any interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, as necessary to pay any taxes and
up to $100,000 in dissolution expenses, or (d) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination.
For and in consideration of the Company entering into this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, each Purchasers hereby agrees on behalf of itself and its affiliates that, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither such Purchasers nor any of its affiliates do now or shall at any time hereafter have
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account or distributions therefrom (except for monies
that have been distributed to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination), or make any claim against
the Trust Account (including any distributions therefrom (except for monies that have been distributed to the Company after or concurrently
with the consummation of a Business Combination)), regardless of whether such claim arises as a result of, in connection with or relating
in any way to, this Agreement or any other matter, and regardless of whether such claim arises based on contract, tort, equity or any
other theory of legal liability (collectively, the Released Claims). Each Purchaser on behalf of itself and its
affiliates hereby irrevocably waives any Released Claims that the Purchasers or any of its affiliates may have against the Trust Account
(including any distributions therefrom (except for monies that have been distributed to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation
of a Business Combination)) now or in the future and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account (including any distributions therefrom
(except for monies that have been distributed to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination))
for any reason whatsoever. The Purchasers agree and acknowledge that such irrevocable waiver is material to this Agreement and specifically
relied upon by the Company and its affiliates to induce the Company to enter in this Agreement, and the Purchasers further intends and
understands such waiver to be valid, binding and enforceable against the Purchasers and each of its affiliates under applicable law.
This Section 6.16 shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason and continue indefinitely.

6.17
Waiver of Jury Trial and Certain Other Rights.

(a)
The parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Regulations, any right
that they may have to trial by jury of any claim or cause of action or in any Proceeding, directly or indirectly based upon or arising
out of, under or in connection with, this Agreement or any Transaction Document or the transactions contemplated therein or related thereto
(whether founded in contract, tort or any other theory). Each party hereto (a) certifies that no other party, no Purchaser Party and
no Affiliate of any of them and no attorney, agent or other representative of any of the foregoing has represented, expressly or otherwise,
that any Person would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges that it and the other
parties have been induced to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by, among other things, the mutual waivers
and certifications in this section. 

(b)
Each Company Party acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing waivers are a material inducement to the Purchasers to enter into and accept
this Agreement. Each Company Party has reviewed the foregoing waivers with its legal counsel and has knowingly and voluntarily waived
its jury trial rights following consultation with such legal counsel. In the event of litigation, this Agreement may be filed as a written
consent to a trial by the court. This Section 6.17 shall not restrict a party from exercising remedies under the UCC or from exercising
pre- or post-judgment remedies under applicable Regulations.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

46

In witness
whereof, each of the undersigned has duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 

NORTHVIEW ACQUISITION CORP. Address for Notices: 

By: Email:

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature
Pages for Initial Purchaser and Collateral Agent Follow] 

47

ASCENT PARTNERS FUND LLC,

as Purchaser and Collateral Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for Notices:

SCHEDULE I

PURCHASERS 

Purchaser Notes 

(Initial Principal Amount) Notes

( Purchase Price) 

$ $ 

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF NOTE

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF GUARANTY

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF SECURITY AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT D

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT E

FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT F

FORM OF TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTION LETTER

EXHIBIT G

FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT

Form of Joinder
Agreement

This Joinder Agreement,
dated as of _________ __, 20__, is delivered pursuant to Section 2.1(a)(ii) of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as
of February __, 2025, by and among NorthView Acquisition Corp. (the Company), Ascent Partners Fund LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, as and collateral agent for the Purchaser Parties referred to therein (as the same may be amended, restated
or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein
are used as defined in the Purchase Agreement.

The undersigned wishes to
purchase Additional Notes at the Additional Closing in an aggregate Initial Principal Amount not to exceed $________________ (the Allocated
Notes). By executing and delivering this Joinder Agreement, the undersigned, as provided in Section 2.1(a)(ii)
of the Purchase Agreement, hereby becomes a party to the Purchase Agreement as an Additional Purchaser thereunder with the same force
and effect as if originally named as a Purchaser therein. The undersigned hereby agrees to be bound as a Purchaser and an Additional
Purchaser for the purposes of the Security Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, to purchase the
Allocated Notes at the Additional Closing (if and when such Additional Closing shall occur).

The undersigned hereby represents
and warrants that each of the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.2 of the Purchase Agreement as it applies
to the undersigned is true and correct on and as the date hereof as if made on and as of such date.

In
witness whereof, each of the undersigned has duly executed this Joinder Agreement as of the date first written above.

[Additional Grantor]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Acknowledged and Agreed 

as of the date first written above: 

as Company 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ASCENT PARTNERS FUND LLC, 

as Collateral Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: Authorized Signatory
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023135801ex10-2_north.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF CONVERTIBLE NOTE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES REGULATIONS
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE OR PLEDGED AS SECURITY IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION WITHOUT RELIANCE ON AN
EXEMPTION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES REGULATIONS. 

THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE
DISCOUNT (OID). PURSUANT TO TREASURY REGULATION 1.1275-3(b)(1), [NAME], A REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY WILL, BEGINNING
TEN DAYS AFTER THE ISSUANCE DATE OF THIS NOTE, PROMPTLY MAKE AVAILABLE TO THE HOLDER UPON REQUEST THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED IN TREASURY
REGULATION 1.1275-3(b)(1)(i). [NAME] MAY BE REACHED AT (___) ___-____, ___@____________.

SENIOR
SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

DUE
______________ 20__1

Original Issue Date: ____________ Principal Amount: $__________

Purchase Price: $__________

This Senior Secured Convertible Promissory
Note is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes of NorthView Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation, (the Company), designated as its Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note due _______,
20__2 (this Note and, collectively
with the other Notes of such series, the Notes), issued and sold by the Company pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of February __, 2025, by and among the Company, and [Ascent Partners Fund LLC] (together with its successors and
registered assigns, the Holder), a [Delaware limited liability company] (as amended, restated or supplemented from
time to time, the Purchase Agreement). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein are used as defined
in the Purchase Agreement on the date hereof, with such amendments as may be acceptable to the Holder in its sole discretion). This Note
is entered into pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and is subject to the terms and conditions thereof.

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises
to pay to the order of the Holder the principal amount first written above on ______________3
(the Maturity Date) in full in cash or on such earlier date as this Note is required or permitted to
be repaid as provided hereunder, in each case together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon and all other Obligations (as defined
below), and otherwise to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Note and
such other Obligations in accordance with the provisions hereof. Amounts repaid will not be advanced again.

This Note is subject to the
following additional provisions:

Section
1. Definitions

For the purposes hereof, in addition to terms
defined elsewhere in this Note or not defined in this Note but defined in the Purchase Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:

Alternate Consideration
has the meaning specified in Section 5(e).

Amortization Payment
has the meaning specified in Section 2(a).

Amortization Payment
Date has the meaning specified in Section 2(a).

1 Insert date that is 18 months following Original Issue Date

2 Insert date that is 18 months following Original Issue Date

3 Insert date that is 18 months following Original Issue Date

Amortization Price
means, as of any date, the lower of (i) the Conversion Price on such date and (ii) 95% of the lowest VWAP in the ten (10) Trading
Days prior to such date.

Attribution Parties
has the meaning specified in Section 4(d).

Base Share Price
has the meaning specified in Section 5(c).

Beneficial Ownership
Limitation has the meaning specified in Section 4(d).

Buy-In
has the meaning specified in Section 4(c)(vii).

Capital Lease
means, as applied to any Person, any lease of, or other arrangement conveying the right to use, any property (whether real, personal
or mixed) by that Person as lessee that, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) consistently applied,
is or should be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of that Person.

Capital Stock
means any share, participation or other equivalent (however designated) of the capital stock of a corporation, any equivalent ownership
interest in any other Person, including partnership interests and membership interests, and any warrant, right or option to purchase
or other arrangement (including through a conversion or exchange of any other property) to acquire or subscribe for any item otherwise
satisfying the definition of Capital Stock, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable.

Cash Payment Fee
has the meaning specified in Section 2(g).

Change of Control
means the occurrence of any of the following: (a) any Person or group of Persons (within the meaning of the Exchange Act) shall have
acquired legal or beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the SEC under the Exchange Act) of (i) 50% prior to any initial
public offering of the Common Stock and (ii) 20% thereafter or more of the issued and outstanding Voting Stock of any Company Party (whether
on an as converted, fully diluted basis or without taking into account any potential conversion or dilution of Stock Equivalents), other
than by acquiring such Common Stock directly in an offering made to the general public, (b) during any period of twelve consecutive calendar
months, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constituted the board of directors of the Company (together with any new directors
whose election by the board of directors of the Company or whose nomination for election by the stockholders of the Company was approved
by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of such period or whose
elections or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason other than death or disability to constitute a
majority of the directors then in office or (c) the Company shall cease to own and control all of the economic and voting rights associated
with all of the outstanding Stock of the other Company Parties.

Closing Bid Price
and Closing Sale Price means, for any Security as of any date:

(i) the
last closing bid price and last closing trade price, respectively, for such Security on the Principal Trading Market for such Security,
as reported by Bloomberg; or

(ii) if
such Principal Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing bid price or the closing
trade price (as the case may be), then the last bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such Security prior to 4:00:00 p.m.,
New York time, as reported by Bloomberg; or

(iii) if
such Security no longer trades on its Principal Trading Market, then the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of
such Security on the principal Trading Market where such Security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg; or

(iv) if
such Security no longer trades on a Trading Market, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such Security in
the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such Security as reported by Bloomberg; or

2

(v) if
no closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, is reported for such Security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or
the ask prices, respectively, of any market makers for such Security as reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group
Inc. (formerly Pink Sheets LLC); or

(vi) if
the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a Security on a particular
date based on the foregoing, the Closing Bid Price and the Closing Sale Price of such Security
on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder; or

(vii) if
the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such Security, then such dispute shall be resolved, and
such fair market value (and therefore the Closing Bid Price and Closing Sale Price) shall be
determined, in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 8(d).

All such determinations shall be appropriately
adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions during such period.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other Capital Stock into which such shares of common stock
may hereafter be changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock. 

Conversion
has the meaning specified in Section 4.

Conversion Date
has the meaning specified in Section 4(a).

Conversion Price
has the meaning specified in Section 4(b).

Conversion Schedule
means the Conversion Schedule in the form of Schedule 1.

Conversion Shares
means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, including
shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion, redemption, or amortization of this Note, and shares of Common Stock issued and issuable
in lieu of the cash payment of interest on this Note in accordance with the terms of this Note.

Customary Permitted
Liens means all of the following, for any Person:

(i) Liens
securing the payment of taxes, assessments or other charges or levies imposed by any Governmental Authority which are either not yet
overdue or the validity of which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently pursued and with respect to
which adequate reserves have been set aside on such Persons books;

(ii) non-consensual
statutory Liens (other than Liens securing the payment of taxes) arising in the ordinary course of business to the extent (A) such Liens
secure Indebtedness that is not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or (B) such Liens secure Indebtedness relating to claims or
liabilities that are fully insured and being defended at the sole cost and expense and at the sole risk of the insurer or being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently pursued, in each case prior to the commencement of foreclosure or other similar proceedings
and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside on such Persons books;

(iii) zoning,
building and land use restrictions, easements, servitudes, encumbrances, licenses, covenants and other restrictions affecting the use
of real property or minor defects or irregularities in title thereto that do not interfere in any material respect with the use of such
real property or the ordinary conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as presently conducted thereon or materially
impair the value of the real property that may be subject thereto;

3

(iv) pledges
and deposits of cash in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other
types of social security benefits consistent with current practices as in effect on the date hereof;

(v) undetermined
or inchoate Liens and charges arising or potentially arising under statutory provisions which have not at the time been filed or registered
in accordance with applicable Regulation or of which written notice has not been duly given in accordance with applicable Regulation
or which although filed or registered, relate to obligations not due or delinquent, including without limitation statutory Liens incurred,
or pledges or deposits made, under workers compensation, employment insurance and other social security legislation;

(vi) Liens
or deposits to secure the performance of bids, tenders, expropriation proceedings, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety
and performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (other than for borrowed money), and deposits to secure equipment contracts,
in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(vii) appeal
bonds;

(viii) landlord
Liens for rent not yet due and payable;

(ix) Liens
arising from operating leases and the precautionary UCC financing statement filings in respect thereof;

(x) judgments
and other similar Liens arising in connection with court proceedings that do not constitute a Default or Event of Default; provided,
that, (A) such Liens are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently pursued, (B) adequate reserves or other
appropriate provision, if any, as are required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, have been made
therefor and (C) a stay of enforcement of any such Liens is in effect; and

(xi) customary
rights of set-off or combination of accounts in favor of a financial institution with respect to deposits maintained by such Person.

Default
means any event which, with the passing of time or the giving of notice or both, would become an Event of Default.

Default Rate
means twenty-four percent (24%) per annum.

Derivative
means (a) any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, interest rate hedging agreement
or other similar agreement or arrangement, (b) any foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement, futures contract, option contract,
synthetic cap or other similar agreement or arrangement, (c) any futures or forward contract, spot transaction, commodity swap, purchase
or option agreement, other commodity price hedging arrangement, cap, floor or collar transaction, any credit default or total return
swap, and (d) any other derivative instrument, any other similar speculative transaction and any other similar agreement or arrangement
designed to alter the risks of any Person arising from fluctuations in any underlying variable, including interest rates, currency values,
insurance, catastrophic losses, climatic or geological conditions or the price or value of any other derivative instrument. For the purposes
of this definition, derivative instrument means any derivative instrument as defined in Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 133 (Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities) of the United States Financial Accounting
Standards Board, and any defined with a term similar effect in any successor statement or any supplement to, or replacement of, any such
statement.

Dilutive Issuance
has the meaning specified in Section 5(c).

Dilutive Issuance
Notice has the meaning specified in Section 5(c).

Dispute Submission
Deadline has the meaning specified in Section 8(d)(i).

4

DTC
means the Depository Trust Company.

DTC/FAST Program
means the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

DWAC Eligible
means that (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs Operational Arrangements, including transfer
through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the DTCs underwriting department, (c)
the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Conversion Shares are otherwise eligible for delivery via
DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of the Conversion Shares via DWAC.

Equity Payment
Conditions means, as of any date, (a) no Default or Event of Default is continuing, (b) the Common Stock is trading on
its Principal Trading Market and all of the Conversion Shares are listed or quoted for trading in such Principal Trading Market and comply
with all of the conditions for such listing or quotations (and the Company reasonably believes that trading of the Common Stock on such
Principal Trading Market will continue uninterrupted, and shall continue to comply with the conditions for listing or quotation for trading
in such Principal Trading Market, for the 180 days following such date), (c) the Company has timely filed (or obtained extensions in
respect thereof and filed within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant
to the Exchange Act and the Company has met the current public information requirements of Rule 144(c) under the Securities Act as of
the end of the period in question, (d) the average daily dollar trading volume of the Common Stock for the twenty (20) full Trading Days
preceding such date exceeds at least 12.5% of the aggregate Initial Principal Amounts of all of the Purchase Agreement
Notes, (e) the Company shares of common stock are DWAC Eligible and not subject to a DTC chill, and (f) the
Common Stock does not constitute penny stock under and as defined in the Exchange Act and the corresponding Regulation,
and (g) all Conversion Shares are freely tradeable and registered under the Securities Act for unrestricted resale.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Cap
has the meaning specified in Section 4(e).

Exchange Cap Allocation
has the meaning specified in Section 4(e).

Exchange Cap Shares
has the meaning specified in Section 4(e).

Event of Default
has the meaning specified in Section 7(a).

Fundamental Transaction
means any of the following transactions, whether effected directly or indirectly or through on or a series of related transactions: (i)
any merger or consolidation of the Company, (ii) any merger or consolidation of any other Company Party with or into another Person that
is not a Company Party; (iii) any Sale or license of any right, title or interest in the assets of any Company Party, other than to a
Company Party and other than transactions in the ordinary course of business and transactions that, individually or in the aggregate,
affect less than 10% of the market value of the consolidated assets of the Company Parties, (iv) the completion of any purchase offer,
tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) pursuant to which holders of Common Stock Sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other Securities, cash or property, and (v) any other corporate reorganization, Securities purchase or other business
combination involving the Company or, if all surviving entities are not a Company Party, any other Company Party, including any spin-off
or scheme of arrangement of any Company Party, any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of the Common Stock, any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other Securities, cash or other assets.

Late Fee
has the meaning specified in Section 2(f).

Mandatory Prepayment
Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2(b).

5

Minimum Interest Amount
means 10% of the Initial Principal Amount of this Note, which amounts represents a full year of interest payments hereunder; provided,
that such amount shall be reduced by the amount of interest accrued hereunder on the principal amount of this Note.

Note Register
has the meaning specified in Section 3(c).

Notice of Conversion
has the meaning specified in Section 4(a).

Obligations
means all amounts, indebtedness, obligations, liabilities, covenants and duties of every type and description owing by any Company Party
from time to time to the Holder, the Collateral Agent or any of their Purchaser Parties under this Note or any other Transaction Document,
whether direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured,
now existing or hereafter arising and however acquired (regardless of whether acquired by assignment), whether or not evidenced by any
note or other instrument or for the payment of money, including, without duplication, (i) the principal amount of the Note owing by the
Company or any other Company Party (including any Mandatory Prepayment Amount, any Optional Prepayment Amount and any Minimum Interest
Amount owing hereunder), (ii) all other amounts, fees (including all Late Fees and any Cash Payment Fees), interest (including the Minimum
Interest Amount and interest accruing at the Default Rate), liquidated damages, commissions, charges, costs, expenses, attorneys
fees and disbursements, indemnities (including Losses and other amounts for which any Company Party is required to indemnify the Collateral
Agent, the Holder, or any of their Purchaser Parties under the Purchase Agreement), reimbursement of amounts paid and other sums chargeable
to any Company Party under any Transaction Document or otherwise arising under any Transaction Document and (iii) all interest on
any item otherwise qualifying as Obligation hereunder, whether or not accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy,
or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition
interest is allowed in such proceeding.

Optional Prepayment
Amount means, at any time with respect to any principal amount, the sum of (a) one hundred (100%) of such principal amount
and all accrued interest hereon outstanding as of such time (including any Minimum Interest Amount remaining outstanding on such principal
amount as of such time) and (b) all other amounts, costs, fees (including Late Fees and Cash Payment Fees), expenses, indemnification
and liquidated and other damages and other amounts due to the Holder, the Collateral Agent or any of their Purchaser Parties in respect
of this Note or any other Transaction Document.

Original Issue
Date means the date of the first issuance of this Note, regardless of any transfers of any Note and regardless of the number
of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Note.

Permitted Debt
means all of the following: (i) Indebtedness owing to any Secured Party under any Transaction Document; (ii) unsecured intercompany Indebtedness
between the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (iii) unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to trade creditors (including overdue amounts on invoices) incurred on customary terms in the ordinary course of business;
(vi) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary under Capital Leases for equipment or Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary
secured by a Purchase Money Lien, which Indebtedness shall not at any time exceed $50,000 in the aggregate for the Company and its Subsidiaries;
and (vii) Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under leases for facilities that are treated as Capital Leases under
GAAP.

Permitted Liens
means (i) the Liens of the Secured Parties as provided for in any Transaction Document; (ii) Customary Permitted Liens of the Company
Parties; and (iii) Purchase Money Liens granted to or held by Purchase Money Lien lenders in connection with the purchase, leasing or
acquisition of capital equipment in the ordinary course of business and without resulting in a contravention of any applicable provisions
of this Note.

Purchase Agreement
Notes means all Notes issued under, and as defined in, the Purchase Agreement.

Purchase Money
Lien means any Lien securing Indebtedness (i) upon or in any equipment acquired or held by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the
acquisition or lease of such equipment or (ii) existing on such equipment at the time of its acquisition, in each case provided,
that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment.

6

Required Dispute Documentation
has the meaning specified in Section 8(d)(i).

Secured Parties
means the Holder, the Collateral Agent and each other holder of Purchased Securities, each beneficiary of any indemnification or reimbursement
obligation by any Company Party under the Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document.

Share Delivery
Date has the meaning specified in Section 4(c)(ii).

Subsequent Offering
has the meaning specified in Section 2(b).

Successor Entity
has the meaning specified in Section 5(e).

VWAP
means, for or as of any date for any Security, the following:

(i) the
dollar volume-weighted average price for such Security on the Principal Trading Market for such Security during the period beginning
at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its HP function
(set to weighted average); or,

(ii) if
Bloomberg does not report such a price, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such Security in the over-the-counter market on the
electronic bulletin board for such Security during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New
York time, as reported by Bloomberg; or

(iii) if
no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such Security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest Closing
Bid Price and the lowest Closing Ask Price of any of the market makers for such Security on such date as reported in the pink
sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. (formerly Pink Sheets LLC); or

(iv) if
the VWAP cannot be calculated for such Security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such Security on such date shall
be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder.

All such determinations shall be appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

SECTION
2. REPAYMENT

a) Amortization
of Principal. Commencing on _____________ __, 20__4
and continuing on the first day of each calendar month thereafter (each an Amortization Payment Date), the Company
shall pay in full the portion of the principal amount of this Note set forth on Schedule 2 opposite such date (each, an Amortization
Payment). Each Amortization Payment may, at the option of the Company but subject to the satisfaction of the Equity Payment
Conditions on the date of such Amortization Payment (or due waiver by the Holder), be made instead of cash in Common Stock valued at
the Amortization Price on the date of such payment. In addition, the Company shall pay in full on the Maturity Date all remaining Obligations
then outstanding.

4 Insert date that is 7 months following Original Issue Date

7

b) Mandatory Prepayments.
On the next Business Day following the Company consummating any public or private offering or any other issuance of any Capital Stock
or any other issuance of any Capital Stock (other than any issuance of Common Stock to the general public), Stock Equivalents or of any
other Securities or Indebtedness (including entering into any Equity Line of Credit or issuing any Variable-Priced Equity-Linked Instrument)
or any other debt or equity financing or capital-raising transaction of any kind (each a Subsequent Offering) on
any date other than the Maturity Date, the Company shall, subject to the Holders conversion rights set forth herein, pay to the
Holder in cash an amount equal to (i) in the case of a Subsequent Offering other than an Equity Line of
Credit, 25% of the net proceeds of such Subsequent Offering and (ii) in the case of Subsequent Offering that is an Equity line of Credit,
17.5% of the net proceeds, to repay the Obligations (a Mandatory Prepayment Amount). The Mandatory Prepayment Amount
shall not be subject to the Cash Payment Fee. The Company shall provide notice to the Holder of the closing of such Subsequent Offering,
including the expected net proceeds thereof, not later than the 10th day preceding the date of consummation of such Subsequent
Offering, which notice shall be irrevocable and constitute an agreement to pay the Mandatory Prepayment Amount on the date of consummation
of such Subsequent Offering. The Holder may continue to convert the principal amounts to be prepaid under this Note until the date of
consummation of such Subsequent Offering; provided, that, if the Company does not provide such notice, in addition to all other
remedies provided under the Transaction Documents for failure to comply with this Note, the Holder may convert the Note in the amount
of such payment and, in its sole discretion, either return such payment or apply such payment to other outstanding Obligations, if any.
In the event that the terms of the Subsequent Offering do not provide for the repayment in cash in full of all outstanding Obligations,
the Holder may choose, in its sole discretion, to adjust the Conversion Price to match the price of the Common Stock issued or implied
by such Subsequent Offering. This Section 2(b) is merely a requirement to redeem this Note and not an authorization to consummate
any Subsequent Offering otherwise prohibited by the Transaction Documents.

c) Voluntary
Prepayments. So long as no Default or Event of Default exists, at any time upon ten (10) Business Days prior written notice
to the Holder (which notice shall be a Transaction Document and constitute an irrevocable agreement to pay such amount on the date set
forth on such notice) stating the proposed date and proposed principal amount of such prepayment, but subject to the Holders conversion
rights set forth herein, the Company may prepay any portion of the principal amount of this Note, any accrued and unpaid interest, and
any other amounts due under this Note. If the Company exercises its right to prepay the Note, instead of such principal amount, the Company
shall pay to the Holder in cash an amount equal to the full Optional Prepayment Amount for such principal amount prepaid. The Holder
may continue to convert the principal amount of the Note to be prepared after the date notice of the prepayment is given until the date
it receives such Optional Prepayment Amount in full in cash.

d) Interest.
The Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate then-outstanding principal amount of this Note (and the then-outstanding
principal amount of any other Obligation owing that does not expressly provide for any other rate of interest), which shall accrue daily
at the rate of ten percent (10%) per annum from the date this Note is issued (or in the case of any other Obligation, from the date such
obligation becomes due and payable) through the date such principal amount or other Obligation is paid in full; provided, that
the Minimum Interest Amount shall be fully earned and accrued on the Original Issue Date. Accrued interest shall replace and not add
to the Minimum Interest Amount and all payments of such accrued interest shall cause a corresponding reduction in any remaining Minimum
Interest Amount. Accrued and unpaid interest shall be due and payable on the first day of each calendar month, on each Conversion Date
and on the Maturity Date, or as otherwise set forth herein. Any interest accrued and unpaid on any principal amount, and any remaining
Minimum Interest Amount on such principal amount, shall be due and payable upon any repayment of such principal amount under this Note;
provided, that, if such principal repayment is a regularly scheduled Amortization Payment set forth on Schedule 2, any
remaining Minimum Interest Amount shall due and be payable (until such remaining Minimum Interest Amount shall be fully paid) in the
amounts and on the dates on which accrued interest would have been due if such Amortization Payments had not been made and interest had
accrued on such principal. Subject to satisfaction (or due waiver by the Holder) of the Equity Payment Conditions on the date of such
payment, interest (including any remaining Minimum Interest Amount) may be paid in Common Stock in the Companys discretion at
the Amortization Price. Upon an Event of Default, the interest rate set forth hereunder shall increase as provided in clause (e) below.
The Minimum Interest Amount is intended to compensate the Holder for a lesser profit in case of early repayment and for the internal
and external work and expenditure of time and money involved in the evaluation and preparation of the Transaction Documents and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated thereunder. The Minimum Interest Amount is not to be construed to cover or be applied against any indemnity
or any out-of-pocket fees, costs or expenses incurred in any action to collect any Obligation or to foreclose any Lien securing the same.
This provision shall not affect or limit the Holders rights or remedies with respect to any Event of Default.

8

e) Default
Rate. Immediately on and after the occurrence of any Event of Default, without need for notice or demand all of which are
waived, interest on this Note shall, in whole, automatically and without the need for any notice, demand or any other action by the
Collateral Agent or the Holder all of which are hereby waived, accrue and be owed daily at an increased interest rate equal to the
lower of the Default Rate or the maximum rate permitted under applicable Regulations. If an Event of
Default (after giving effect to notice periods and grace periods) occurs, the Default Rate shall become effective as of the date the
Default that because such Event of Default first occurred, without consideration for any notice provision or grace
period.

f) Late
Fee. The Company shall pay a late fee (each a Late Fee) on any Obligation that is not paid when due (after taking
into account applicable grace periods set forth in Section 5(a)(i) hereof), in an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of such payment,
to the Person owed such Obligation. This Late Fee shall be due and payable immediately upon such failure. It is intended to cover the
inconvenience and additional internal, administrative and other fees, costs and expenses involved in processing delinquent payments and
is not to be construed to cover or be applied against any indemnity or any out-of-pocket fees, costs or expenses incurred in any action
to collect any Obligation or to foreclose any Lien securing the same. This provision shall not affect or limit the Holders rights
or remedies with respect to any Event of Default. This obligation to pay a Late Fee is a separate obligation and, once it has arisen
hereunder, a failure to pay such Late Fee will not be cured implicitly by any waiver of any Event of Default or similar event that may
have caused the payment that gave rise to such Late Fee.

g) Cash
Payment Fee. The Company shall pay a cash payment fee (each a Cash Payment Fee) in an amount equal to five percent
(5%) of the amount of any repayment of the principal amount of this Note that is made in cash at any time when (i) the Company shall
not have received a notice from the Holder or the Collateral Agent that an Event of Default exists, or (ii) the Company shall have received
such a notice and such Event of Default shall have been cured to the satisfaction of the Holder. This Cash Payment Fee shall be due and
payable together with such repayment and is intended to cover any loss in revenues resulting from such repayment being made in cash instead
of using Common Stock, as well as other internal costs and expenses and is not to be construed to cover or be applied against any indemnity
or any out-of-pocket fees, costs or expenses incurred in any action to collect any Obligation or to foreclose any Lien securing the same.
The Cash Payment Fee shall not be applicable to the payment of any Mandatory Prepayment Amount. This provision shall not affect or limit
the Holders rights or remedies with respect to any Event of Default. This obligation to pay a Cash Payment Fee is a separate obligation
hereunder and, once arisen, shall be owed regardless of whether such payment is later returned, reversed, forgiven, waived or voided.

h) Calculations
and Payment Provisions. All payments made to the Holder, the Collateral Agent and their Purchaser Parties under any Transaction Document,
except as otherwise expressly provided in any Transaction Document, shall be made in cash, which shall mean in immediately available
dollars and without set off or counterclaim. Interest and fees owing to any of them shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year
consisting of twelve thirty (30)-day periods, for the actual number of days occurring, in whole or in part, in the applicable period.
The Holder (or, for payments owing to it, the Collateral Agent) shall have the option to refuse or accept, in their sole discretion,
any payment to the Collateral Agent, the Holder or their Purchaser Parties attempted to be made without a required notice, without a
required Optional Prepayment Amount, a Minimum Interest Amount or a required fee. The Holder (or, for payments owing to the Collateral
Agent, the Collateral Agent) may, in its sole discretion, apply or recharacterize any payment made under any Transaction Document to
the payment of any outstanding Obligation, regardless of the intended characterization thereof by any Company Party, including by recharacterizing
a payment of principal made to a payment of an Optional Prepayment Amount, a Minimum Interest Amount or a required fee, even if this
characterization results in a smaller payment of principal. The Company hereby irrevocably waives the right to direct the application
of any payment (or, after any Event of Default, any proceeds of Collateral) to any Obligation. Whenever any payment under any Transaction
Document shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day,
including for purposes of the calculation of interest and fees. Any payment of any Obligation received by the Holder, the Collateral
Agent or any Purchaser Party after 3 p.m. on any day shall be deemed received on the next Business Day. Each determination by the Holder
(or, for payments owing to it, the Collateral Agent) of an amount of interest or fee due hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for
all purposes, absent manifest error.

9

Section
3. Registration of Transfers and Exchanges

a) Different
Denominations. This Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Notes of different authorized denominations,
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or exchange.

b) Investment
Representations. This Note has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder and may be transferred
or exchanged only in compliance with applicable federal and state securities Regulations.

c) Reliance
on Note Register. The Company shall maintain in its records a list of the Holders and of registration and transfers of the Note (the
Note Register). The initial Holder is listed herein. Any Holder may later notify in writing the Company of an assignment
or transfer and the Company shall notify such transfer in the Note Register. Failure by the Company to duly notify such transfer in the
Note Register shall not affect the validity of such assignment or transfer. Nevertheless, if the Company has not received notice of any
transfer of this Note, the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Note is duly registered as the
owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Note is overdue.
Upon request by the Holder, the Company shall immediately execute and deliver to such Holder replacement Note or Notes, which may involve
executing multiple Notes with split amounts to reflect partial assignments. Promptly upon receipt of such replacement Note or Notes,
such Holder shall deliver the original Note back to the Company or, if the original Note is lost or stolen, provide an affidavit to the
Company to that effect.

Section
4. Conversion

a) Voluntary
Conversion. At any time after the Original Issue Date, all Obligations with respect to this Note shall be convertible, in whole or
in part, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time (subject
to the conversion limitations set forth in Section 4(d)). The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company a Notice
of Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as Annex A (each, a Notice of Conversion), specifying
therein the amount of such Obligations to be converted and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the Conversion
Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice
of Conversion is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Note, plus all accrued
and unpaid interest thereon, has been converted. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding principal amount
of this Note by an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and the Company shall maintain a Conversion Schedule, containing
at a minimum the information shown on Schedule 1, and showing historically, among other things, the principal amounts converted
and the date of such conversions. The Company may deliver an objection to any Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery
of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative
in the absence of manifest error.

b) Conversion
Price. The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date shall be equal to $__________5
(the Conversion Price). The Conversion Price, will be proportionately adjusted for any stock dividend,
stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that decreases or increases the number of shares of Common Stock
issued to ensure that, in the case of the Conversion Price, the percentage of shares of Common Stock held by the Holder upon full conversion
at the Conversion Price and, in each case, that the percentage of the value of the Company allocated to such Common Stock, both remain
unchanged by any such transaction. Upon such adjustment, the Conversion Price shall be rounded down to the nearest $0.01.

5 Insert the lower of (i) $10.00 and (ii) 95% of the lowest VWAP
in the ten (10) Trading Days prior to the Original Issue Date.

10

c) Mechanics
of Conversion.

i. Conversion
Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder shall be
determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount and interest of this Note to be converted by (y)
the Conversion Price.

ii. Delivery
of Certificate Upon Conversion. Not later than one (1) Trading Day after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date),
the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing the Conversion Shares which,
on or after the date on which such Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold under Rule 144 without the need for current public information
and the Company has received an opinion of counsel to such effect, which such opinion must be acceptable to the Holder in its sole and
absolute discretion (which opinion the Company shall be responsible for obtaining at its sole cost and expense) shall be free of restrictive
legends and trading restrictions, representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of this Note. Each
certificate required to be delivered by the Company under this Section 4(c) shall be delivered electronically through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions. If the Conversion Date is prior to the date on
which such Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold under Rule 144 without the need for current public information, or there is no registration
statement in effect covering the Conversion Shares, the Conversion Shares shall bear a restrictive legend in the following form, as appropriate:

THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES REGULATIONS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL
BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT
TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE
MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, commencing
on such date that the Conversion Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 subject to current public information requirements, the
Company, upon written request and at the sole cost and expense of the Company, shall obtain a legal opinion that is acceptable to the
Holder in its sole and absolute discretion, to allow for such sales under Rule 144.

iii. Reservation
of Conversion Shares. The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued
shares of Common Stock a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal the Reserve Amount for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion
of this Note and payment of interest on this Note, each as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent
purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Purchase Agreement Notes). The Company covenants that
all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
The Company shall calculate and readjust the Reserve Amount on the first Business Day of each month so long as any Purchased Security
remains outstanding.

iv. Fractional
Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Note. As to any
fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price
or round up to the next whole share.

11

v. Transfer
Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of certificates for shares of the Common Stock on conversion of this Note shall be made without
charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of
such certificates, provided, that, the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any
transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of
this Note so converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or
Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the
satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day
processing of any Notice of Conversion

vi. Failure
to Deliver Certificates. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such certificate or certificates are not delivered to or as
directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Company
at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Company shall
promptly return to the Holder any original Note delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company the Common
Stock certificates issued to the Holder pursuant to the rescinded Notice of Conversion.

vii. Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion
of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder
to enforce the same, the existence of any Default or Event of Default, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the
recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or
termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged
violation of Regulations by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such
obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, that such delivery
shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder of this
Note shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal or interest amount hereof, the Company may not refuse conversion
based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of Regulation,
Contractual Obligation or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining
conversion of all or part of this Note shall have been sought. If the injunction is not granted, the Company shall promptly comply with
all conversion obligations herein. If the injunction is obtained, the Company must post a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in
the amount of one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the outstanding principal amount of this Note, which is subject to the injunction,
which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which
shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of seeking such injunction, the Company shall issue
Conversion Shares (or, where applicable and required hereunder, cash), upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company fails for any
reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date, the
Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, $1,000 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after
such Share Delivery Date until such certificates are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7 for the Companys failure to deliver
Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit
the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable Regulation.

12

viii. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section
4(c)(ii), and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market
transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in
satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating
to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to
any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price
(including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of
shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price
at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the
option of the Holder, in its sole discretion, either reissue (if surrendered) this Note in a principal amount equal to the principal
amount of the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section
4(c)(ii). For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with
respect to an attempted conversion of this Note with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any
brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding
sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the
amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss.
Nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity
including a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver
certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

ix. No
Limitation on Damages. More generally, nothing in this Section 4, including the availability of the option to convert the
Note, shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7 and the
Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any rights under this Section 4 shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce
damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable Regulation.

d) Holders
Conversion Limitations. The Company shall not effect any conversion of principal or interest of this Note, and the Holder shall
not have the right to convert any principal or interest of this Note, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion set
forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a
group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates, the Attribution Parties) would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Attribution Parties shall include the number of Conversion
Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Note beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion
of any other Securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained
herein (including any other Notes) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the
preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 4(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section
4(d) applies, the determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation to other Securities owned by the Holder
together with any Attribution Parties) and of which principal amount of this Note is convertible shall be in the sole discretion of
the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Note
may be converted (in relation to other Securities owned by the Holder together with any Attribution Parties) and which principal
amount of this Note is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this
restriction, the Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such Notice of
Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or
confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be
determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 4(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Companys most recent periodic or
annual report filed with the SEC, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Company, or (iii) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
Upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the
Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be
determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of Securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its
Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The
Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of all Conversion Shares to be held by the Holder. The Holder, upon not less than
sixty-one (61) days prior notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of
this Section 4(d); provided, that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event
exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of
Common Stock upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder. Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the
sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of
this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section
4(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitations contained in this Section 4(d) shall apply to a successor Holder of this Note.

13

e) Exchange
Cap. The Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note or otherwise pursuant to the terms of this
Note if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock would exceed the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which the Company may
issue upon conversion of this Note or otherwise pursuant to the terms of this Note without breaching the Companys obligations
under the rules or regulations of the Principal Trading Market for the Common Stock (the number of shares which may be issued without
violating such rules and regulations, the Exchange Cap), except that such limitation shall not apply in the event
that the Company (i) obtains the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules of such Principal Trading Market
for issuances of shares of Common Stock in excess of such amount or (ii) obtains a written opinion from outside counsel to the Company
that such approval is not required, which opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder. Until such approval
or such written opinion is obtained, the Holder shall not be issued in the aggregate, upon conversion of this Note or otherwise pursuant
to the terms of this Note, shares of Common Stock in an amount greater than the product of (A) the Exchange Cap as of the proposed date
of issuance for such shares multiplied by (B) the quotient of (1) the aggregate original Principal Amount of this Note when issued to
the applicable Purchaser pursuant to the Purchase Agreement divided by (2) the aggregate original Principal Amount of all Purchase Agreement
Notes when issued (the Exchange Cap Allocation). In the event that the Holder sells or otherwise transfer any portion
of this Note, the transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of the Holders Exchange Cap Allocation with respect to such
portion of this Note so transferred, and the restrictions of the prior sentence shall apply to such transferee with respect to the portion
of the Exchange Cap Allocation so allocated to such transferee. Upon conversion in full of any holder of any Purchase Agreement Note,
the difference (if any) between such holders exchange cap allocation (under and as defined in such Purchase Agreement
Note) and the number of shares of Common Stock actually issued to such holder upon such holders conversion in full of any Purchase
Agreement Note shall be allocated to the respective Exchange Cap Allocations of the remaining holders of such Purchase Agreement Notes
(including the Holder) on a pro rata basis in proportion to the shares of Common Stock underlying such Purchase Agreement Notes then
held by each such holder. In the event that the Company is prohibited from issuing any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section
4(e)(the Exchange Cap Shares) to the Holder, the Company shall pay cash to the Holder in exchange for the redemption
of such portions of this Note that are not convertible into such Exchange Cap Shares at a price equal to the sum of (A) the product of
(1) such number of Exchange Cap Shares and (2) the Closing Sale Price on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date the Holder delivers
the applicable Notice of Conversion with respect to such Exchange Cap Shares to the Company, and (B) to the extent the Holder purchases
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of Exchange Cap
Shares, brokerage commissions, if any, of the Holder incurred in connection therewith.

Section
5. Certain Adjustments

a) Stock
Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a Restricted Payment payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Stock Equivalents (which, for
avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of, or payment of interest
on, this Note), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be
multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the
Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 5(a)
shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or
distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or
re-classification.

14

b) Change
in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If the purchase or exercise price provided for in any options to purchase Common Stock, the
additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Stock Equivalents into Common Stock,
or the rate at which any Stock Equivalents are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock increases or
decreases at any time (other than any change to the Conversion Price in this Note or any changes to the exercise price in the Warrants),
the Conversion Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to account proportionately, for such increase
or decrease. For purposes of this Section 5(b), if the terms of any option or Stock Equivalents are increased or decreased in
the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence, then such option or Stock Equivalents and the shares of Common Stock deemed
issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease.
No adjustment pursuant to this Section 5(b) shall be made to the Conversion Price if such adjustment would result in an increase
to the Conversion Price.

c) Subsequent
Equity Sales. If any Company Party or any Subsidiary thereof, at any time while any Obligation is outstanding or the Holder has not
yet received any Conversion Shares in connection with a conversion, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any
right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition)
any shares of Common Stock or Stock Equivalents convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock, in each case other than as an Exempt Issuance,
at an effective price per share that, after giving effect to any other adjustment provided in this Note, is less than the Conversion
Price then in effect (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance) then, simultaneously with the consummation of each Dilutive Issuance the Conversion Price shall be reduced and only
reduced to equal the Base Share Price. For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that if a holder of the shares of Common
Stock or Stock Equivalents so issued shall, at any time after the issuance, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset
provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are
issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is less than
the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive
Issuance at such effective price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such shares of Common Stock or Stock Equivalents are issued.
No later than 8:00 am on the Trading Day following the issuance or deemed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Stock Equivalents
subject to this Section 5(c), the Company shall (i) notify the Holder, in writing, indicating therein the applicable issuance
price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance
Notice) and (ii) publicly disclose the transaction resulting in such issuance or deemed issuance in a filing with the SEC.
For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 5(c), upon
the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the Base Share Price
regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Conversion.

d) Pro
Rata Distributions. While this Note is outstanding, the Company shall not declare or make any Restricted Payment (or rights to receive
Restricted Payments). In the event that the Note is repaid at the time of such Restricted Payment, the Holder shall not be entitled to
participate in such Restricted Payment. If the Holder and the Company mutually agree, and the Note is not repaid at the time of such
Restricted Payment, then the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Restricted Payment to the same extent that the Holder would
have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Note
(without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of
which a record is taken for such Restricted Payment, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Restricted Payment (provided, that to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Restricted Payment would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the
Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Restricted Payment to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Restricted Payment to such extent) and the portion of such Restricted Payment shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

15

e) Effect
of Fundamental Transactions. Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, the Holder, upon any subsequent conversion of this
Note, shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior
to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(c) on the conversion of this
Note), any consideration receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for
which this Note is convertible (or holder of any equity Securities of any Company Party) immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction
(without regard to any limitation in Section 4(c) on the conversion of this Note) (the Alternate Consideration),
including shares of Common Stock of any successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, in the case of a merger where it is the
surviving entity. To the extent such Alternate Consideration includes Securities, the Holder shall have the option to either treat the
Note as converted on the date of consummation of such Fundamental Transaction and obtain such Securities outright or adjust the Conversion
Shares to include such additional Securities. For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company Parties shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate
Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. In a Fundamental
Transaction where holders of Common Stock (or, as the case may be, Securities of any Company Party) are given any choice as to the Alternate
Consideration to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any acquiring, successor,
surviving or replacement entities in any Fundamental Transaction (the Successor Entity) to become a Company Party
effective immediately upon the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction and shall become a party to all Transaction Documents in
the same capacity and to the same extent as the Company Party involved in such Fundamental Transaction and, if such Fundamental Transaction
involves the Company, from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall, without any further action, refer instead to the Successor Entity or to both
Companies, as appropriate. In the case of a Fundamental Transaction resulting in the Company no longer be in existence, the Successor
Entity shall succeed to all obligations of the Company and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of
the Obligations of the Company with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. The parties hereto
shall amend all Transaction Documents (or execute new Transaction Documents, including replacement Notes and an assumption of the Companys
Obligations) to reflect such change; provided that the failure to amend or execute any such Transaction Document shall not render
this clause (e) ineffective. For the avoidance of doubt, this clause (e) is not intended to permit any Fundamental
Transaction. The Company shall ensure that the Holder approves all drafts of such amendments and new Transaction Documents prior to the
consummation of, and as a condition to the consummation of, such Fundamental Transaction. Without limitation, if the Fundamental Transaction
involves the Company, the definition of Conversion Shares and Conversion Price hereunder shall be adjusted to include Securities of the
Successor Entity and to ensure the new Notes of the Holder convert into Securities so as to protect the economic value of this Note,
taking into account the relative values of the existing and replacement Conversion Shares, and give the Holder upon conversion of this
Note the Conversion Shares equivalent to the Conversion Shares it would have received upon conversion of this Note prior to such Fundamental
Transaction at an equivalent Conversion Price.

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) issued and outstanding.

g) Notices
to the Holder.

i. Adjustments
to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Company
shall not later than 8:00 am on the Trading Day following such adjustment (i) deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the
Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a statement of all of the facts requiring such adjustment and the
calculation thereof, and (ii) publicly disclose the transaction resulting in such adjustment in a filing with the SEC.
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5 to the contrary, no adjustment pursuant to this Section 5 shall increase
the Conversion Price other than proportional increases upon the occurrence of a reverse stock split in accordance with Section
5(a). For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder will be entitled to each such adjustment on the terms set forth in this Agreement
whether or not the Company provides such notice, and the calculation set forth in such notice shall not be binding on the
Holder.

16

ii. Notice
to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution or other Restricted Payment
in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common
Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of Capital Stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other
Securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of
the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose
of conversion of this Note, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Note Register,
at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date
on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not
to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distribution, Restricted
Payment, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale,
transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common
Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for Securities, cash or other property deliverable upon
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided, that the failure to deliver such notice
or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such
notice. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Note during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through
the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS

a) As
long as the outstanding principal amount of the Notes exceeds $200,000.00, no Company Party shall, and no Company Party shall permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, do, or enter into any agreement to do, any of the following (except for Sections
6(a)(xiii) and (ix) which shall be binding on each Company Party and all its Subsidiaries so long as any portion of this Note or any
other Obligations is not paid in full):

i. create,
incur, assume, enter into or suffer to exist, any Indebtedness (other than Permitted Debt) or any Guaranty Obligations with respect thereto,
or repay the principal amount of, redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire or offer to repay the principal amount of, redeem, repurchase
or otherwise acquire, any Indebtedness (other than Permitted Debt) or any Guaranty Obligation with respect thereto, whether or not existing
on the Original Issue Date (other than the Purchase Agreement Notes on a pro rata basis based on the principal amounts outstanding);

ii. create,
incur, assume, permit or suffer to exist any Lien of any kind, on or with respect to any of its assets now owned or hereafter acquired
or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom, other than the Liens securing the Obligations created pursuant to the Transactions
Documents and Permitted Liens;

iii. Sell
any of its assets other than disposition of assets in the ordinary course of business;

iv. make,
approve, or offer to make any Restricted Payment with respect to any shares of Capital Stock (other than the issuance and distribution
of the Transaction Securities, and then only as otherwise required under the Transaction Documents);

v. issue
any Capital Stock to any Related Party that is not a Company Party or a Subsidiary of any Company Party, except for Exempt Issuances;

17

vi. consummate
a Fundamental Transaction, amend its charter documents in any manner that materially and adversely affects any rights of the Holder or
change the nature of its business from the business conducted by it on the date hereof (and, after the consummation of the Business Combination,
the business conducted by any party to the Business Combination on the date hereof);

vii. enter
into any other transaction with, or make any other payment to, any Related Party of the Company that is not a Company Party or Subsidiary
of any Company Party, including (A) investments by any Company Party or any Subsidiary thereof in such other Related Party, whether
in Capital Stock, Stock Equivalents, other Securities, Indebtedness owing by such Related Party or otherwise, or Indebtedness owing to
any such other Related Party and (B) transfers, sales, leases, assignments or other acquisitions or dispositions of any asset),
except for (x) payments with respect to Permitted Debt permitted pursuant to Section 6a)(i) above, (y) transactions in the
ordinary course of business on a basis no less favorable to the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries as would be obtained in a comparable
arms length transaction with a Person not a Related Party and that are expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
of the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval) and (z) salaries and other director or employee
or other staff or agent compensation, including expense reimbursements and employee benefits, of the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries
that, in the case of officers, directors and employees, staff and agents that are also Related Parties even if their employee, staff
or agent relationship is not taken into account, does not include any increase from the compensation in effect on, and disclosed to the
Collateral Agent and the Holder on or before the date hereof;

viii. fail
to use the proceeds of the Note as represented in Section 3.1(gg) of the Purchase Agreement (including by being engaged in operations
involving the financing of any investments or activities in, or any payments to, any Sanctioned Person) or conduct its business in a
manner that causes it to become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended, or a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended)
or fail to provide a certification to the Holder with respect to any of the foregoing items in this clause (viii) upon the Holders
request; or

ix. directly
or indirectly (including through agents, contractors, trustees, representatives or advisors) (a) be in violation of any Sanctions Law
or engage in, or conspire or attempt to engage in, any transaction evading or avoiding any prohibition in any Sanctions Law, (b) be
a Sanctioned Person or derive revenues from investments in, or transactions with Sanctioned Persons, (c) have any assets located in Sanctioned
Jurisdictions, (d) deal in, or otherwise engage in any transactions relating to, any property or interest in property blocked pursuant
to any Regulation administered or enforced by OFAC or (e) fail to comply with any material Regulations or Contractual Obligations applicable
to it or fail to obtain or comply with any material Permits.

Section
7. Events of Default

a) Event
of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event
shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by Regulation or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order,
rule or Regulation of any Governmental Authority):

i. any
default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of this Note when due or (B) any interest, fees, liquidated damages or any other
Obligation owing to the Holder, the Collateral Agent or any of their Purchaser Parties under any Transaction Document, within (5) Business
Days after such principal, interest, fee, liquidated damage or other Obligation shall become due and payable, whether on the Maturity
Date or otherwise;

ii. any
Company Party shall fail for any reason to comply with Section 2.3(a) (Deliveries to Initial Purchasers), Section 2.4
(Post-Closing Deliveries) or Section 4.11 (Trading Activities of Purchasers) of the Purchase Agreement or Section
2(b), Section 2(f), Section 4(c) (including Section 4(c)(iii)), Section 6, Section 8(k) Section 8(l)
of this Note or any other Section of this Note or any Transaction Document that provides for an action after a notice period or that
provides a specific period of time for the Company Parties to comply with;

18

iii. any
representation or warranty made by any Company Party in this Note, any other Transaction Document, any other Contractual Obligation with,
or any other report, financial statement, document, written statement or certificate made or delivered to, the Holder or any other Holder
Party shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;

iv. any
Company Party shall provide at any time notice to the Holder, including by way of public announcement, of such Company Partys
intention to not honor any provision of this Note or any other Transaction Document (including requests for conversions of this Note
in accordance with the terms hereof);

v. any
Company Party shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, provision, or agreement contained in this Note or any other Transaction
Document which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) five (5) Trading Days after notice of such
failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder Party to the Company and (B) ten (10) Trading Days after any Company Party has become
or should have become aware of such failure;

vi. a
breach, default or event of default (without regard for any cure period therefor provided therein) shall have occurred under any Indebtedness
of any Company Party (A) having (individually or in the aggregate for all such Indebtedness) an aggregate maximum principal amount or
commitment greater than Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000), or (B) any such Indebtedness shall become or be declared due and payable
prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

vii. a
breach, default or event of default (without regard to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument
or any subsequent waiver or other modification thereto) shall have occurred under any other Contractual Obligation to which any Company
Party is obligated that, if determined to be adverse to any Company Party, could reasonably be expected to result in any injunction affecting
any Company Party or any Loss to the Company Parties in excess of Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000);

viii. any
monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against any Company Party, any Subsidiary of any Company Party
or any of their assets for an injunction or for monetary damages of more than Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000), and such judgment,
writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of forty-five (45) calendar days;

ix. the
occurrence of any levy upon or seizure or attachment of, or any uninsured loss of or damage to, any asset of any Company Party or any
Subsidiary of any Company Party having an aggregate fair value or repair cost (as the case may be) in excess of Two Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($200,000) individually or in the aggregate, and any such levy, seizure or attachment shall not be set aside, bonded or discharged
within forty-five (45) after the date thereof;

x. (A)
any Company Party or any Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) of any Company Party shall commence
a case or other Proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution,
insolvency, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of debts or liquidation or
similar Regulation of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any such Subsidiary or any Proceeding seeking the entry of an
order for relief or the appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee, liquidator or other similar official for it or for any of its
assets, (B) any such case or other Proceeding shall be commenced against any Company Party or any such Subsidiary by any other
Person and such case or other Proceeding is not dismissed within forty-five (45) days after commencement, (C) any Company Party or
any such Subsidiary shall be adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or
other Proceeding is entered, (D) any Company Party or any such Subsidiary shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become
due, shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors, (E) any Company Party or any such Subsidiary thereof shall call a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a
composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts or (F) any Company Party or any such Subsidiary, by any act or failure to act,
shall expressly indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action
(including convening a meeting of the board) to authorize or otherwise for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;

19

xi. the
occurrence of any Change of Control Transaction;

xii. 
(A) the Common Stock shall become penny stock as defined in Regulations for purposes of 3(a)(51) of the Exchange Act, (B)
there shall be no Trading Market for the Common Stock and the Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or quotation for trading
thereon and shall not be eligible to resume listing or quotation for trading thereon within five (5) Trading Days or (C) the transfer
of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company System shall become no longer available or shall be chilled;

xiii. the
Company shall not meet the current public information requirements under Rule 144, and such failure is not cured, if it is possible to
cure it, within two (2) Trading Days after the expiration of the applicable grace period permitted under Rule 12b-25 of the Exchange
Act; unless the Company files a Form 12b-25 for the relevant report required to meet the current public information requirements
under Rule 144; or

xiv. the
Company shall fail to deliver Common Stock by the Share Delivery Date upon conversion of any portion of this Note.

The clauses in the definition of Event
of Default above operate independently, so that any action or event that falls within any such clause shall constitute an
Event of Default regardless of, whether because of a grace period or threshold or otherwise, it falls outside the language of any other
clause.

b) Remedies
Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs, then the outstanding principal amount of this Note and all other Obligations
shall become, at the Holders election in its sole discretion, in whole or in part (or, in the case of and Event of Default described
in Section 7(a)(x)(A) through (C), in whole, automatically and without the need for any notice, demand or any other action by
the Collateral Agent or the Holder all of which are hereby waived), immediately due and payable, in cash (while remaining subject to
the Holders conversion option). In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company
hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind (other than the Holders election to declare such acceleration),
and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and
all other remedies available to it under applicable Regulations. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time
prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Note until such time, if any, as the Holder receives
full payment pursuant to this Section 7(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Default or Event of Default
or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section
8. Miscellaneous

a) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including any Notice of Conversion,
shall be in writing and delivered as set forth in Section 6.4 (Notices) of the Purchase Agreement. All notices and other
communications delivered hereunder shall be effective as provided in the Purchase Agreement.

b) Absolute
Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable, on this Note,
without set off or counterclaim, at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Note is a direct
debt obligation of the Company. This Note ranks pari passu with all other Purchase Agreement Notes now or hereafter issued
under the terms set forth in the Transaction Documents and is at least pari passu with all Indebtedness and other obligations
of the Company, and is not subordinated to any such Indebtedness or other obligation.

20

c) Lost
or Mutilated Note. If this Note shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in exchange
and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Note, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Note,
a new Note for the principal amount of this Note so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss,
theft or destruction of such Note, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

d) Dispute
Resolution.

i. In
the case of a dispute relating to, or, when an agreement between the Company and the Holder is required hereunder, an inability to agree
on, a Conversion Price, a Closing Bid Price, a Closing Sale Price, a VWAP or a fair market value (as the case may be) (including, without
limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit
the dispute to the other party via facsimile or electronic transmission (A) if by the Company, within two (2) Trading Days after the
occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by the Holder at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances
giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute, at any time after the second
(2nd) Trading Day following such initial notice, then the Holder may, at its sole option, select an independent, reputable
investment bank to resolve such dispute.

ii. The
Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance
with clause d) and (B) written documentation (together with such copy of such submission, the Required Dispute
Documentation) supporting its position with respect to such dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time)
by the fifth (5th) Trading Day immediately following the date on which the Holder selected such investment bank (the Dispute
Submission Deadline) . If either party fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission
Deadline, then such party shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any document or other supporting
evidence to such investment bank with respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based solely on the
Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline. Unless otherwise
agreed to in writing by both the Company and the Holder or otherwise requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor the Holder
shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute
other than the Required Dispute Documentation.

iii. The
Company and the Holder shall ensure that such investment bank determines the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the
Holder of such resolution no later than ten (10) Trading Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees and expenses
of such investment bank shall be borne solely by the Company, and such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall be final
and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

e) Governing
Law; Courts. As provided in Section 6.6 (Governing Law; Courts) of the Purchase Agreement, this Note, and all claims, disputes,
Proceedings (other than as set forth in clause (d) above) and matters related hereto or arising hereunder or arising from or relating
to the relationship among any of the parties hereto, are governed by, and shall be construed, interpreted and enforced exclusively in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware (without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof to the extent such
principles or rules would require or permit the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Delaware).
Any such Proceeding shall be brought exclusively in the Delaware state courts sitting in Wilmington, DE or the federal courts of the
United States of America for the District of Delaware sitting in Wilmington, DE; provided, that the Collateral Agent, the Holder and
the other Purchaser Parties may bring Proceedings in other jurisdictions to enforce this Note. The parties hereto have accepted such
jurisdiction and waived venue and other objections and have agreed to the means for service of process in such Section 6.6.

21

f) Characterizations.
The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided
herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall
be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of
the Company (or the performance thereof).

g) Payments
on Next Business Day. Whenever any payment Obligation shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be due
instead on the next succeeding Business Day.

h) Payment
of Collection, Enforcement and Other Costs. In addition to, and not in substitution for and not to limit (but without duplication),
any other right to reimbursement under this Note or any other Transaction Document, (i) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney
for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any Proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts
due under this Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (ii) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the
Company or other Proceedings affecting Company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall
pay all out-of-pocket costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy,
reorganization, receivership or other Proceeding, including, but not limited to, attorneys fees and disbursements.

i) Security
Interest. The Obligations of the Company Parties under this Note and the other Transaction Documents are secured by the Security
Agreement and the Intellectual Property Security Agreement, as well as other Transaction Documents.

j) Use
of Proceeds. All proceeds of the purchase of this Note and the other Purchased Securities shall be used as provided in the Purchase
Agreement.

k) Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereunder, which shall be disclosed
as provided in the Purchase Agreement, each Company Party covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on
its behalf has provided nor will provide the Holder or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably
believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Holder shall have consented to the receipt of such information
and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. Any non-disclosure agreement entered into with the Holder and any
Company Party are terminated as provided in Section 4.9 (Securities Laws Disclosures) of the Purchase Agreement. The Holder does
not have any duty of confidentiality (or a duty not to trade on the basis of material non-public information) to any Company Party or
any of their Affiliates, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, members, stockholders, managers, employees and is governed
only by application Regulations. Each Company Party understands and confirms that the Holder shall be relying on all of the foregoing
covenants in trading Securities of the Company.

l) Public
Disclosures. The Company Parties and the Holder shall consult with each other in issuing any other public disclosure with respect
to the transactions contemplated hereby, and no Company Party or the Holder shall issue any such public disclosure nor otherwise make
any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company and the Holder, each of which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld
or delayed, except if such disclosure is reasonably viewed as required by any Regulation, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly
provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Company Party
shall, and each Company Party shall ensure that their Subsidiaries do not, publicly disclose the name, trademark, service mark, symbol,
logo (or any abbreviation, contraction or simulation thereof) of, or otherwise refer to, the Holder or any other Purchaser Party (including
in any filing with the SEC, regulatory agency or Trading Market for any Securities of any Company Party or their Subsidiaries, including
the 8-K filing referenced above) without the prior consent of the Holder and the Collateral Agent (including in any press release, letterhead,
public announcement or marketing material), except, and then only after consulting with such Holder and the Collateral Agent, to the
extent required to do so under applicable Regulations (including as required in any registration statement filed with the SEC). None
of the Company Parties and their Affiliates shall represent that any Company Party or any of its Affiliates, any product or service of
the Company Parties or their Affiliates, or any know how or policy or practice of the Company Parties or their Affiliates has been approved
or endorsed by any Purchaser Party.

22

m) Interpretation.
This Note is a Transaction Document and as such is subject to various interpretative, amendment and third party beneficiary and other
miscellaneous provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement that expressly apply to Transaction Documents, located principally in Article
VI (Miscellaneous) thereof (including Section 4.9 (Securities Law Disclosures) which, among other things, restrict public
disclosures of the name of the Holder, Section 6.15 (Interpretation) that provides, among other things, that payments due on a
day that is not a Business Day may be made on the next Business Day), as well as, without limitation, set off provisions in Section
6.5 (Set Off) thereof whereby amounts owing hereunder may be set off against amounts owed by the Holder and certain related entities,
indemnification and expense reimbursement provisions in Sections 4.14 (Indemnification of Each Purchaser Party) and 6.2 (Fees
and Expenses) thereof that benefit the Holder, among others. In particular, without limitation, (i) none of the terms or provisions
of this Note may be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified except in accordance with Section 6.3(b) (Amendments)
of the Purchase Agreement and (ii) as described in Section 6.3(a) (Entire Agreement) of the Purchase Agreement, this Note
and the other Transaction Documents contain and constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Any Holder also benefits from various provisions of the Purchase Agreement applicable to Purchasers (whether by virtue
of being an Initial Purchaser or successor in interest thereto) and agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Purchase
Agreement applicable to it in such capacity, including Article V (Collateral Agent) thereof that describes its relationship
with the Collateral Agent and contains an indemnification provision in Section 5.9 (Indemnification) thereof. Finally, in addition
to these provisions, unless otherwise expressly provided in any Transaction Document, outstanding when referring
in any Transaction Document to the principal amount owing under this Note shall mean outstanding and unconverted.

n) 
Beneficiaries; Successors and Assigns. As provided in Section 6.3(c) (Beneficiaries; Successors and Assigns) of the Purchase
Agreement, this Note shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Company and shall inure solely to the benefit of the Holder,
each Company Party, the Collateral Agent, each of their Purchaser Parties and their respective successors and, if permitted, assigns;
provided, that no Company Party may assign any part of this Note, or any right, obligation, benefit, title or interest hereunder
except as authorized in the Purchase Agreement.

o) Counterparts.
As provided in clauses (e) (Counterparts) and (f) (Electronic Signatures) of Section 6.3 of the Purchase Agreement, this
Note may be executed in any number of counterparts, which may be signed and transmitted electronically.

p) Severability.
As provided in Section 6.7 (Severability) of the Purchase Agreement, any provision of this Note being held illegal, invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall not affect any part of such provision not held illegal, invalid or unenforceable, any other provision
of this Note or any part of such provision in any other jurisdiction, so long as the economic or legal substance of the transaction contemplated
hereby is not affected in any manner adverse to any party.

q) Waiver
of Jury Trial. As provided in Section 6.16 (Waiver of Jury Trial and Certain Other Rights), each party hereto has irrevocably and unconditionally
waived, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Regulations, trial by jury of any claim or cause of action or in any Proceeding,
directly or indirectly with respect to, or directly or indirectly based upon or arising out of, under or in connection with this Note
or any other Transaction Document or the transactions contemplated therein or related thereto (whether founded in contract, tort or any
other theory). Each party hereto (A) certifies that no other party, no Purchaser Party and no Affiliate of any of them and no attorney,
agent or other representative of any of the foregoing has represented, expressly or otherwise, that any Person would not, in the event
of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (B) acknowledges that it and the other parties hereto have been induced to enter
into this Note by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section 8(q).

[Signature
Pages Follow]

23

In
witness whereof, each of the undersigned has duly executed this Note as of the date first written above.

NORTHVIEW ACQUISITION CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Accepted and Agreed: 

[ASCENT PARTNERS FUND LLC] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

ANNEX
A

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert principal under the Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (as the same may be amended or otherwise
modified from time to time, the Note; capitalized terms used but not defined herein are used as defined in the Note,
including if defined by reference to other agreements), due _________ and issued by Northview Acquisition Corp, a Delaware corporation
(together with its successors and, if permitted, assigns, the Company), into shares of common stock (the
Common Stock), of the Company according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common
Stock are to be issued in the name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect
thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance therewith. No
fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for such transfer taxes, if any.

By the delivery of this Notice
of Conversion the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that its ownership of the Common Stock does not exceed the amounts
specified under Section 4 of the Note, as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.

The undersigned agrees to
comply with the prospectus delivery requirements under the applicable securities laws in connection with any transfer of the aforesaid
shares of Common Stock.

Conversion calculations: 

Date to Effect Conversion:

Principal Amount of Note to be Converted:

Payment of Interest in Common Stock
__ yes __ no

If yes, $_____ of Interest Accrued on
Account of Conversion at Issue.

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued:

This Notice of Conversion
is a Transaction Document and, as such is subject to various provisions of the Purchase Agreement applicable to Transaction Documents,
including, among others, choice of law, forum, and waiver of jury trial.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Delivery Instructions:

Schedule
1

CONVERSION SCHEDULE

This Conversion Schedule is part of, and reflects
conversions made under Section 4 of, the Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, due on __________6
and issued by Northview Acquisition Corp., a Delaware Corporation, in the original principal amount of $__________.

Dated:

Date of Conversion

(or for first entry, Original Issue Date) Amount
of Conversion Aggregate
Principal Amount Remaining Subsequent to Conversion

(or original Principal Amount) Company
Attest

6 Insert date that is 18 months after Original Issue Date

Schedule
2

Payment
Schedule

Month Date Principal Interest If
in Stock If
in Cash Remaining
Principal

Current
Month (Stub period) 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

9 

10 

11 

12 

13 

14 

15 

16 

17 

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023135801ex10-3_north.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Lock-up
Agreement

Ascent Partners Fund LLC

19505 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2350

Aventura, FL 33180

As of February __, 2025

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands
that Northview Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (together with its successors and, if permitted, assigns, the Company)
intends to enter into a Securities Purchase Agreement (as modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement) dated
as of the date hereof, with each purchaser (together with its successors and, if permitted, assigns, an Investor)
identified on the signature page thereof, and Ascent Partners Fund LLC, as collateral agent for Investors, providing for the purchase
(the Transaction) of certain senior secured convertible promissory notes (the Notes), and, in
connection therewith, the Company also intends to enter into a registration rights agreement with the Investors (the Registration
Rights Agreement). Capitalized terms are used as defined in the Annex hereto (which is hereby incorporated and made a part
of this agreement) and other capitalized terms used but not defined in this agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in
the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise indicated.

To induce the Company to enter
into and consummate the Transaction, the undersigned hereby irrevocably enters into this Lock-Up Agreement (this Agreement)
with the Investors and agrees that, during the period commencing on the date of the closing (the Business Combination Closing Date)
of the Companys proposed business combination with Profusa, Inc., a California corporation (the Business Combination),
and ending on the date that is the earlier of (a) six (6) months after the Business Combination Closing Date and (b) the date after the
Business Combination Closing Date, that the daily VWAP of the Common Stock equals or exceeds $5.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any twenty (20) Trading Days during any thirty (30) Trading Day
period (such period, the Lock-Up Period), the undersigned will not do any of the following, and will not publicly
disclose any intention to do any of the following: (1) offer, pledge or otherwise grant any Lien over, transfer, dispose of or otherwise
Sell (or enter into any option or other Contractual Obligation to transfer, dispose of or otherwise Sell), lend, in each case directly
or indirectly, any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, shares of Common Stock,
or any other Common Stock Equivalents, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned (or any Affiliate of the undersigned)
or with respect to which the undersigned (or any Affiliate of the undersigned) has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively,
the Lock-Up Securities); (2) enter into any swap or other Derivative or other arrangement that transfers to another,
in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Securities, in each case whether any such transaction
described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Securities, in cash or otherwise; or (3) make any demand for or exercise
any right with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may transfer Lock-Up Securities in connection with:

1. transfers of Lock-Up Securities as a bona fide gift, by will or intestacy or to a family member
or trust for the benefit of the undersigned (for purposes of this lock-up agreement, family member means any relationship
by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin); provided that the transferee agrees to be bound by the terms
of this agreement and signs and delivers to the Investors a lock-up agreement in the form hereof;

2. transfers of Lock-Up Securities to a charity or educational institution;

3. if the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity,
(i) any transfers of Lock-Up Securities to another corporation, partnership or other business entity that controls, is controlled by or
is under common control with the undersigned or (ii) distributions of Lock-Up Securities to members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries
or affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned as of the date of this
Agreement, provided that the transferee agrees to be bound by the terms of this agreement and signs and delivers to the Investors
a lock-up agreement in the form hereof;

4. if the undersigned is a trust, to a trustee or beneficiary of the trust provided that any such
transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (ii) such transferee agrees to be bound by the terms of this agreement and signs and
delivers to the Investors a lock-up agreement in the form hereof and (iii) no filing under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) or other public announcement shall be required or shall be voluntarily
made during the Lock-Up Period;

5. the receipt by the undersigned from the Company of shares of Common Stock upon the vesting of restricted
stock awards or stock units or upon the exercise of options to purchase shares of Common Stock issued under an equity incentive plan of
the Company or an employment arrangement or the transfer or withholding of shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into shares
of Common Stock to the Company upon a vesting event of the Companys securities or upon the exercise of options to purchase the
Companys securities, in each case on a cashless or net exercise basis or to cover tax obligations of
the undersigned in connection with such vesting or exercise provided that (i) such shares are covered by this agreement and (ii)
if the undersigned is required to file a report under Section 13 of the Exchange Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of
shares of Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include a statement in such schedule or report to the effect that
such reduction is attributable to the cashless or net exercise of the options or to cover tax withholding
obligations of the undersigned in connection with such vesting or exercise;

6. the establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of
Lock-Up Securities provided that (i) such plan does not provide for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities during the Lock-Up Period
and (ii) to the extent a public announcement or filing under the Exchange Act, if any, is required of or voluntarily made by or on behalf
of the undersigned or the Company regarding the establishment of such plan, such public announcement or filing shall include a statement
to the effect that no transfer of Lock-Up Securities may be made under such plan during the Lock-Up Period;

7. the transfer of Lock-Up Securities that occurs by operation of law, such as pursuant to a qualified domestic
order or in connection with a divorce settlement, provided that such transferee agrees to be bound by the terms of this agreement
and signs and delivers to the Investors a lock-up agreement in the form hereof, and provided further that any filing under Section
13 of the Exchange Act that is required to be made during the Lock-Up Period as a result of such transfer shall include a statement that
such transfer has occurred by operation of law; and

8. the transfer of Lock-Up Securities pursuant to a bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation
or other similar transaction made to all holders of shares of Common Stock involving a change of control (as defined below) of the Company
after the closing of the Transaction and approved by the Companys board of directors; provided that in the event that the
tender offer, merger, consolidation or other such transaction is not completed, the Lock-Up Securities owned by the undersigned shall
remain subject to the restrictions contained in this agreement. change of control means the consummation of any bona
fide third party tender offer, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other similar transaction the result of which is that any person
(as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or group of persons, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and
13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of a majority of total voting power of the voting stock of the Company. The undersigned also agrees and consents
to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar against the transfer of the undersigneds
Lock-Up Securities except in compliance with this agreement.

Further to the foregoing, the
Investors agree that they will agree to amend the Lock-Up period if such amendment shall be reasonably necessary to meet the listing standards
of the Principal Trading Market in connection with listing of the Common Stock on the Principal Trading Market following the Business
Combination or to satisfy other regulatory requirements.

2

This agreement shall terminate
and be void and no longer of further force and effect on the earlier of (i) the irrevocable payment in full in cash (or conversion) of
all of the Notes and the related Obligations and (ii) the date of termination of the Purchase Agreement in accordance with its terms if
the closing for the Transaction has not occurred before the deadline set forth therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this agreement
is a Transaction Document and is subject to certain provisions of the Purchase Agreement, including Section 6.11 (Marshaling; Payment
Set Aside) thereof which provides that if any payment of the Obligations (including by set off or enforcement) is subsequently invalidated,
declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or is required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise
restored to the Company or its Affiliates, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any Regulation (including any bankruptcy law,
state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof
originally intended to be satisfied, this agreement and all rights and remedies thereunder, shall be revived and continued in full force
and effect as if such payment had not been made.

The undersigned understands
that the Investors are relying upon this agreement in entering into the Purchase Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Transaction.
Whether or not the Transaction actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Transaction will only
be made pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

This agreement (i) is irrevocable
and shall be binding upon the undersigneds heirs, legal representative, successors and, if permitted, assigns, (ii) has been executed
in the English language, and the English text shall prevail over any translation, (iii) is for the exclusive benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and, if permitted, assigns, constitutes the entire agreement of such parties, superseding all prior
agreements among them, with respect to the subject matter hereof except for written agreements with respect to confidentiality, (iv) may
be modified, waived or assigned only by a writing signed by the parties hereto (and any attempt to assign any right, title, benefit or
obligation under this agreement without such writing shall be null and void) and (v) may be executed in counterparts, which may be transmitted
by fax or e-mail and which, together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. This agreement does not intend to create any agency,
joint venture or other relationship between the undersigned and any Investor and that no Investor is entitled to cast any votes on the
matters herein contemplated.

This agreement and all claims,
disputes, Proceedings and matters related hereto or arising hereunder or arising from or relating to the relationship among any of the
parties hereto or thereto, are governed by, and shall be construed, interpreted and enforced exclusively in accordance with, the laws
of the State of Delaware (without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof to the extent such principles or rules would
require or permit the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Delaware). Any such Proceeding shall
be brought exclusively in the Delaware state courts sitting in Wilmington, DE or the federal courts of the United States of America for
the District of Delaware sitting in Wilmington, DE; provided, that the Collateral Agent and any Purchaser may bring Proceedings in other
jurisdictions to enforce any Transaction Document. Each Company Party (i) accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally
and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of such courts, (ii) irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection, including any objection
to the laying of venue, whether based on the grounds of forum non conveniens or on the fact that such jurisdiction is improper
or otherwise, or any other objection that such party is not subject to the jurisdiction of such courts, that it may now or hereafter have
to the bringing of any Proceeding in that jurisdiction, (iii) irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the service of process
of any court referred to above in any Proceeding by the mailing of copies of the process to the parties hereto at the notice address used
in this agreement and (iv) irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that a final judgment in any such Proceeding shall be conclusive and
may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Service effected as provided in
this manner will become effective ten (10) calendar days after the mailing of the process. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained
in any Transaction Document shall affect the right of any Investor to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable Regulations
or commence Proceedings or otherwise proceed against any the undersigned in any other jurisdiction. The parties hereto hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Regulations, any right that they may have to trial by jury of
any claim or cause of action or in any Proceeding, directly or indirectly based upon or arising out of, under or in connection with, this
agreement or any Transaction Document, the Transaction or the transactions contemplated therein or related thereto (whether founded in
contract, tort or any other theory). Each party hereto (a) certifies that no other party and no Affiliate of any of them and no attorney,
agent or other representative of any of the foregoing has represented, expressly or otherwise, that any Person would not, in the event
of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges that it and the other parties have been induced to enter
into this agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications
in this paragraph. The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing waivers are a material inducement to the Investors to
enter into and accept this Agreement and the Purchase Agreement and Transaction Documents. The undersigned has reviewed the foregoing
waivers with its legal counsel and has knowingly and voluntarily waived its jury trial rights following consultation with such legal counsel.
In the event of litigation, this Agreement may be filed as a written consent to a trial by the court. This paragraph shall not restrict
a party from exercising pre-judgment remedies under applicable Regulations.

[Signature Page Follows]

3

The undersigned has read and agrees to be bound
by the terms of this Lock-Up Agreement as of the date first written above:

Very truly yours,

(Signature) 

Name: 

Address: 

Email: 

Acknowledged and Agreed

As of the date first written above:

ASCENT PARTNERS
FUND LLC,

as Investor and Collateral Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for
Notices: 

c/o Dominion
Capital LLC

256 W. 38th Street, 15th Floor

New York, NY 10018

legal@ascentpartnersllc.com

ANNEX TO LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

DEFINITIONS

Affiliate
means each Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or any Affiliate of such Person.
For purpose of this definition, control and related words are used as such terms are
used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser and its Subsidiaries,
on the one hand, and the Company Parties and their Subsidiaries, on the other hand, shall not be considered Affiliates
of each other.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, any Capital Stock into which such shares of common
stock shall have been changed, and any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock. 

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of any Company Party which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common
Stock, including whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant
or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to purchase, subscribe or otherwise receive, Common Stock. 

Derivative
means any futures or forward contract, spot transaction, purchase or option agreement, hedging arrangement, swap agreement, cap, floor
or collar transaction, hedging transaction, any other derivative instrument, any other similar speculative transaction and any other similar
agreement or arrangement designed to alter the risks of any Person arising from fluctuations in any underlying variable, including the
price or value of any other derivative instrument. For the purposes of this definition, derivative instrument means any
derivative instrument as defined in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 (Accounting for Derivative Instruments
and Hedging Activities) of the United States Financial Accounting Standards Board, and any defined with a term similar effect in any successor
statement or any supplement to, or replacement of, any such statement.

Governmental
Authority means any nation, sovereign or government, any state, province, territory or other political subdivision thereof,
any municipality, any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof and any entity or authority exercising executive, legislative, taxing,
judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, and any corporation or other entity owned or controlled,
through stock or capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing, including any central bank stock exchange regulatory body arbitrator,
public sector entity, supra-national entity (including the European Union and the European Central Bank) and any self-regulatory organization
(including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners).

Obligations means
all amounts, indebtedness, obligations, liabilities, covenants and duties of every type and description owing by the Company or any other
Company Party from time to time to any Investor, the Collateral Agent or any of their Purchaser Parties under the Note or any other Transaction
Document, whether direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, liquidated or unliquidated, secured
or unsecured, now existing or hereafter arising and however acquired (regardless of whether acquired by assignment), whether or not evidenced
by any note or other instrument or for the payment of money, including, without duplication, (i) the principal amount of the Note owing
by the Company or any other Company Party, (ii) all other amounts, fees, interest, liquidated damages, commissions, charges, costs, expenses,
attorneys fees and disbursements, indemnities, reimbursement of amounts paid and other sums chargeable to any Company Party under
any Transaction Document or otherwise arising under any Transaction Document and (iii) all interest on any item otherwise qualifying
as Obligation hereunder, whether or not accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of
any insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such
proceeding.

Person
means an individual, partnership, corporation, incorporated or unincorporated association, limited liability company, limited liability
partnership, joint stock company, land trust, business trust or unincorporated organization, or a government or agency, department or
other subdivision thereof or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding
against a Person means an action, suit, litigation, arbitration, investigation, complaint, dispute, contest, hearing, inquiry, inquest,
audit, examination or other proceeding threatened or pending against, affecting or purporting to affect such Person or its property, whether
civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or appellate, in law or equity before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority.

Regulation
means, all international, federal, state, provincial and local laws (whether civil or common law or rule of equity and whether U.S. or
non- U.S.), treaties, constitutions, statutes, codes, tariffs, rules, guidelines, regulations, writs, injunctions, orders, judgments,
awards, decrees, rulings, ordinances and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including, in each case whether or not
having the force of law, the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, all policies, recommendations, directives,
requirements, determinations, guidance and requests of any Governmental Authority and all administrative orders, directed duties and stipulations
entered by or with a Governmental Authority.

Sale
means a sale, lease or sublease (as lessor or sublessor), sale and leaseback, conveyance, transfer, assignment or other disposition
to, or any exchange of property (other than cash and cash equivalents) with, any Person of, or any other transaction permitting any Person
to acquire, in one transaction or a series of transactions, any interest in, all or any part of a business or any property of any kind
(other than cash and cash equivalents) including a sale, factoring at maturity, collection of or other disposal, with or without recourse,
of any notes or accounts receivable. To Sell shall have a correlative meaning.

Subsidiary
means of any Person, any other Person (other than natural persons) the management of which is, directly or indirectly, controlled by,
or of which an aggregate of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding voting securities is, at the time, owned or controlled, directly
or indirectly, by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.

VWAP
means, for or as of any date for the Common Stock, the following:

(i)
the Dollar volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock on the Principal Trading Market during the period beginning at 9:30:01
a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its HP function (set
to weighted average); or,

(ii)
if Bloomberg does not report such a price, the Dollar volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock in the over-the-counter
market on the electronic bulletin board for the Common Stock during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending
at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg; or

(iii)
if no Dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for the Common Stock by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest
closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such the Common Stock on such date as reported in
the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. (formerly Pink Sheets LLC); or

(iv)
if the VWAP cannot be calculated for the Common Stock on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of the Common Stock on
such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Investors.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-3_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>nvac-20250211.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>nvac-20250211_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>nvac-20250211_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of one share of common stock 

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per whole share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>nvac-20250211_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 11, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41177

Entity Registrant Name NORTHVIEW ACQUISITION CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001859807

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-3437271

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 207 WEST 25TH ST.

Entity Address, Address Line Two 9TH FLOOR

Entity Address, City or Town NEW YORK

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10001

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 494-9022

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Shares
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol NVAC

Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of one share of common stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights,
each entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of one share of common stock

Trading Symbol NVACR

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per whole share 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable
warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per whole share

Trading Symbol NVACW

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NVAC_SharesOfCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NVAC_RightsEachEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnetenthOfOneShareOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NVAC_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerWholeShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://northviewac.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0231358-8k425_north.htm 
nvac-20250211.xsd 
nvac-20250211_def.xml 
nvac-20250211_lab.xml 
nvac-20250211_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-014987-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ea0231358-8k425_north_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001859807 

2025-02-11 
2025-02-11 

0001859807 

NVAC:SharesOfCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-02-11 
2025-02-11 

0001859807 

NVAC:RightsEachEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnetenthOfOneShareOfCommonStockMember 

2025-02-11 
2025-02-11 

0001859807 

NVAC:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerWholeShareMember 

2025-02-11 
2025-02-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001859807 
8-K 
2025-02-11 
NORTHVIEW ACQUISITION CORP. 
DE 
001-41177 
86-3437271 
207 WEST 25TH ST. 
9TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 
10001 
212 
494-9022 
true 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false 
Shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
NVAC 
Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of one share of common stock 
NVACR 
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per whole share 
NVACW
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>