<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-014535.txt : 20250218
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-014535.hdr.sgml : 20250218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250218075009
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-014535
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250217
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Light & Wonder, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000750004
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				810422894
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11693
		FILM NUMBER:		25632758

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6601 BERMUDA ROAD
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7028977150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6601 BERMUDA ROAD
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010427

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTOTOTE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED TOTE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920317
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000075000400007500042025-02-172025-02-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 17, 2025

Light
& Wonder, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 81-0422894

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

001-11693

(Commission File Number)

6601
Bermuda Road, Las Vegas,
NV89119

(Address of registrants principal executive office) 

(702) 897-7150

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Title
of each class Trading
symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $.001 par value LNW The Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Asset Purchase Agreement

On February 17, 2025,
LNW Gaming, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Buyer), and wholly owned subsidiary of Light & Wonder, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation (the Company), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
by and among Grover Gaming, Inc., a North Carolina corporation (Gaming), G2 Gaming, Inc., a North Carolina
corporation (together with Gaming, Sellers), and Buyer. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Purchase Agreement, Buyer has agreed to acquire and assume from Sellers certain assets and related liabilities constituting
Sellers charitable gaming business (such business, the Business and, such transaction, the Transaction).

The total consideration to
be paid by Buyer to Sellers in connection with the Transaction consists of $850 million in cash at closing, subject to certain customary
purchase price adjustments as set forth in the Purchase Agreement, and up to $200 million in cash in the aggregate in the form of earn-out
payments achievable over a four-year period based on achievement of certain revenue and business expansion metrics.

The completion of the Transaction
is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions, including, among other things, obtaining certain required regulatory
approvals. In addition, the Purchase Agreement contains covenants that, subject to certain exceptions, require each of Sellers
and Buyer to use reasonable best efforts to cause the closing conditions to be satisfied as promptly as practicable and obtain, or cause
to be obtained, all required approvals, including regulatory approvals.

The Purchase Agreement contains
customary representations, warranties and covenants related to the Business and the Transaction. Between the date of the Purchase Agreement
and the completion of the Transaction, subject to certain exceptions, Sellers have agreed to operate the Business in the ordinary course
of business and to, among other things, use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the relationships with employees, customers,
distributors, suppliers and others having dealings with the Business in the ordinary course of business.

The Purchase Agreement also
includes customary termination provisions for both Buyer and Sellers. Both Buyer and Sellers will have the right to terminate the Purchase
Agreement if the closing has not occurred by February 17, 2026, subject to two three-month extensions at Buyers discretion
in the event that conditions relating to regulatory approvals have not been satisfied as of the applicable dates. Buyer has procured
a representations and warranties insurance policy in connection with the Transaction. Upon termination of the Purchase Agreement under
specified circumstances, Buyer is required to pay Sellers a termination fee of $42.5 million.

Sellers and Buyer have agreed
to enter into related transaction agreements at the closing, including an intellectual property license agreement, transitional services
agreements and commercial supply agreements.

The representations and warranties
of Sellers and Buyer contained in the Purchase Agreement have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreement.
In addition, such representations and warranties (a) have been made only for purposes of the Purchase Agreement, (b) have been
qualified by confidential disclosures made to Buyer in connection with the Purchase Agreement, (c) are subject to materiality qualifications
contained in the Purchase Agreement, which may differ from what may be viewed as material by investors, (d) were made only as of
the date of the Purchase Agreement or such other date as is specified in the Purchase Agreement and (e) have been included in the
Purchase Agreement for the purpose of allocating risk between Buyer and Sellers rather than establishing matters as facts. Accordingly,
the Purchase Agreement is included with this filing only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Purchase Agreement,
and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding Buyer or Sellers or their respective subsidiaries, affiliates
or businesses, including the Business. Investors should not rely on the representations and warranties or any descriptions thereof as
characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of Buyer or Sellers or any of their respective subsidiaries, affiliates or
businesses, including the Business. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change
after the date of the Purchase Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Companys public
disclosures.

The foregoing description
of the Purchase Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement, which is filed as
Exhibit 2.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01. Regulation
FD

On
February 18, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing it had entered into the Purchase Agreement and provided supplemental
information regarding the Transaction with a presentation to investors. Copies of the press release and the investor presentation
are furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively.

The information contained
in this Item 7.01 as well as in Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 is furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise
subject to the liabilities of that section, and such information shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of the
Companys filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.

Forward-Looking Statements

This
communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements herein that describe the Transaction, including its financial impact,
and other statements of management's expectations, beliefs, assumptions, estimates and goals regarding the Transaction and can
be identified by words such as continue, expect, target, "will," "may,"
and "should," or similar terminology. These statements are based upon the Companys managements current expectations,
assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of timing, future results or performance. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these
forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements
due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including (i) the risk that the conditions to the closing of the Transaction, including the receipt of regulatory and gaming approvals, may not be satisfied, (ii) the risk that a material adverse
change, event or occurrence may affect Buyer and Sellers prior to the closing of the Transaction and may delay the Transaction or cause the companies to abandon the Transaction, (iii) the risk that the Transaction may involve
unexpected costs, liabilities or delays, (iv) the risk that the businesses of the companies may suffer as a result of uncertainty
surrounding the Transaction, (v) the risk that disruptions from the Transaction will harm relationships with customers,
employees and suppliers or (vi) that the Company may be unable to achieve expected financial, operational and strategic benefits
of the Transaction and may not be able to successfully integrate the Business into the Companys operations,
and those factors described in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC),
including the Companys current reports on Form 8-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its annual report on Form 10-K
that was filed with the SEC on February 27, 2024 (including under the headings Forward-Looking Statements and Risk
Factors). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except for the Companys ongoing obligations
under the U.S. federal securities laws, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

2.1 Asset
Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2025, by and among Grover Gaming, Inc., G2 Gaming, Inc. and LNW Gaming, Inc.*

99.1 Press
Release, dated February 18, 2025, issued by Light & Wonder, Inc.

99.2 Investor
Presentation, dated February 18, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

* Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit upon request by the SEC. 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: February 18, 2025 LIGHT & WONDER, INC.

By: /s/ James Sottile 

Name: James Sottile

Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex2-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

EXECUTION VERSION

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

by and among

GROVER GAMING, INC., and

G2 GAMING, INC.,

as Sellers, and

LNW GAMING, INC.,

as Buyer

February 17, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION 1

1.1 Definitions 1

1.2 Construction 13

ARTICLE 2 PURCHASE AND SALE 14

2.1 Purchase and Sale of Assets 14

2.2 Purchased Assets and Excluded Assets 14

2.3 Assumed Liabilities and Excluded Liabilities 17

2.4 Closing Date Payment 18

2.5 Estimated Statement 19

2.6 Determination of Final Purchase Price 19

2.7 Deferred Consideration 21

2.8 Non-Transferable Assets 23

2.9 Withholding 23

ARTICLE 3 CLOSING 24

ARTICLE 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS 24

4.1 Organization and Qualifications 24

4.2 Authority and Enforceability 24

4.3 No Violation of Laws or Agreements; Consents 25

4.4 Financial Information; Internal Controls; Assumed Liabilities 25

4.5 Absence of Certain Changes or Events 26

4.6 Taxes 26

4.7 Title to Purchased Assets; Sufficiency 27

4.8 Real Property 27

4.9 No Pending Litigation 28

4.10 Compliance With Law 28

4.11 Intellectual Property 28

4.12 Data Privacy and Security 30

4.13 Labor Matters 31

4.14 Employee Related Agreements and Plans; ERISA 32

4.15 Environmental Matters 32

4.16 Material Contracts 33

4.17 Customers and Vendors 34

4.18 Licenses, Permits and Authorizations 35

4.19 Transactions with Affiliates 35

4.20 Brokers 35

4.21 Disclaimer of Warranties 35

4.22 Sellers Acknowledgement 35

ARTICLE 5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 36

5.1 Organization 36

5.2 Authority and Enforceability 36

5.3 No Violation of Laws; Consents 36

5.4 No Pending Litigation or Proceedings 36

5.5 Brokers 36

5.6 Financial Ability; Solvency 37

5.7 Independent Evaluation 37

5.8 Disclaimer of Warranties 37

5.9 Buyer Acknowledgement 38

ARTICLE 6 AGREEMENTS PENDING CLOSING 38

6.1 Access to Information 38

6.2 Notice of Certain Events 38

6.3 Operations Prior to Closing Date 39

6.4 Efforts 41

6.5 New Installation and Replacement Activities 42

6.6 No Solicitation 42

ARTICLE 7 OTHER AGREEMENTS 43

7.1 Tax Matters 43

7.2 Employees and Employee Benefit Plans 44

7.3 No Public Announcement; Contact with Business Suppliers and Customers; Confidentiality 46

7.4 Expenses 47

7.5 Access to Books and Records 47

7.6 R&W Insurance 48

7.7 Bulk Sales Laws 48

7.8 Further Actions 48

7.9 Vehicles 49

7.10 Termination of Affiliate Contracts 49

7.11 Intellectual Property Changes 49

7.12 Carveout Financial Statements 50

7.13 Advisory Services 50

7.14 Undocumented Customer, Consulting, Distribution, Supplier and Vendor Relationships 50

7.15 Sellers 2024 Audited Financials 50

7.16 Restrictive Covenants 51

7.17 Additional Pre-Closing Actions 53

7.18 Inventory 53

ARTICLE 8 CONDITIONS TO CLOSING; DELIVERABLES 53

8.1 Conditions Precedent to Obligation of Buyer 53

8.2 Conditions Precedent to Obligation of Sellers 54

8.3 Deliveries at the Closing 55

ARTICLE 9 TERMINATION 56

9.1 Termination Rights 56

9.2 Effect of Termination 57

ARTICLE 10 SURVIVAL; INDEMNIFICATION 58

10.1 Survival 58

10.2 Indemnification by Sellers 58

10.3 Indemnification by Buyer 58

10.4 Certain Limitations 58

10.5 Procedures 59

10.6 Satisfaction of Claims 60

10.7 Sole Remedy 61

ARTICLE 11 MISCELLANEOUS 61

11.1 Further Assurances 61

11.2 Notices 61

11.3 Assignment 62

11.4 Governing Law; Venue 62

11.5 Specific Performance 63

11.6 Amendment and Waiver 63

11.7 Reliance on Counsel and Other Advisors 64

11.8 No Presumption Against Any Party 64

11.9 Delays or Omissions 64

11.10 Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries 64

11.11 Severability 64

11.12 Counterparts; Signatures 64

Exhibits & Schedules

Exhibit A R&W Policy 

Exhibit B Bill of Sale 

Exhibit C IP License

Exhibit D Restrictive Covenant Agreement

Exhibit E Transition Services Agreement

Exhibit F Game Content Development Services Agreement

Exhibit G Lease Assignment and Assumption Agreement

Exhibit H Device and Redemption Kiosk Manufacturing / Supply Agreement

Exhibit I Printed Paper Pull-Tabs Supply Agreement

Schedule A Specified Persons

Schedule 1.1(a) Accounting Principles

Schedule 1.1(b) Reference Working Capital Statement 

Schedule 1.1(c) Deferred Consideration

Schedule 1.1(d) New Installation and Replacement Activity Reimbursement Costs

Schedule 1.1(e) Excluded State

Schedule 1.1(f) Additional Definitions

Schedule 2.2.1(b) Assumed Leases

Schedule 2.2.1(c) Assumed Contracts

Schedule 2.2.1(d) Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual Property, Business-Utilized IT Systems and Business Intellectual Property License Agreements

Schedule 2.2.1(e) Transferred Devices

Schedule 2.2.1(f) Redemption Kiosks

Schedule 2.2.1(h) Vehicles

Schedule 2.2.1(o) Other Assets and Rights

Schedule 2.2.2(k) Excluded Vehicles

Schedule 2.2.2(o) Excluded Intellectual Property

Schedule 2.3.2(i) Other Excluded Liabilities

Schedule 2.7.1 Annual Deferred Payments

Schedule 2.7.2(a) Additional Credit

Schedule 2.7.2(b) Illustrative Additional Credit Calculation

Schedule 2.7.4 Operations

Schedule 6.3 Operations Prior to Closing Date

Schedule 7.1.4 Allocation Methodology

Schedule 7.11 Intellectual Property Changes

Schedule 7.12 Scope of Work for Audited Carveout Financial Statements

Schedule 7.16.2 Restrictions on Game Content Development

Schedule 7.17 Additional Pre-Closing Actions

Schedule 8.1.5 Required Gaming Licenses

Schedule 8.1.7 Financial Information Procedures

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is made as of February 17, 2025 by and among Grover Gaming, Inc., a North Carolina corporation
(Gaming), G2 Gaming, Inc., a North Carolina corporation (G2 Gaming, and together with Gaming,
Sellers and each a Seller), and LNW Gaming, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Buyer).
Each of Buyer and Seller is sometimes referred to in this Agreement as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, (i) Gaming is
engaged, in part, in the business of developing software, game content, and systems for, and manufacturing and distributing, E-Tab (defined
below) games for charities (the Charitable Gaming Business) in charitable gaming jurisdictions and (ii) G2 is
engaged in the business of licensed manufacturing of E-Tabs in the State of North Dakota and licensed distribution of E-Tab gaming supplies
in the State of Kentucky (together with the Charitable Gaming Business, the Business);

WHEREAS, Gaming engages in
businesses other than the Charitable Gaming Business, including developing software, game content, and gaming systems for historical horse
racing markets, class II gaming and class III gaming (as defined in 25 USC 2703(7) and
25 USC 2703(8)), video gaming terminals, any systems for tribal casinos, and any type of lotteries or skill games (the Retained
Business);

WHEREAS, concurrently with
the execution of this Agreement and as a condition and inducement to Buyers willingness to enter into this Agreement, the individuals
set forth on Schedule A have executed employment offer letters from Buyer (or one of its Affiliates) on the terms described
therein, in each case, effective as of the Closing; and

WHEREAS, each Seller desires
to sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer desires to purchase and acquire from each Seller, the Purchased Assets
(as hereinafter defined) and assume from each Seller the Assumed Liabilities (as hereinafter defined), upon the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises and agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, Buyer and each Seller, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION

1.1Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified in this Article 1.

2025 Deferral Period
means the twelve (12)-month period beginning January 1, 2025 and ending December 31, 2025.

2026 Deferral Period
means the twelve (12)-month period beginning January 1, 2026 and ending December 31, 2026.

2027 Deferral Period
means the twelve (12)-month period beginning January 1, 2027 and ending December 31, 2027.

1

Accounting Firm
means PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC); provided, however, that if PwC declines such appointment or
otherwise is unable to serve, Accounting Firm shall mean such other independent nationally recognized public accounting
firm that will accept such appointment and that is mutually agreed to by Buyer and Sellers; provided, further, that if Buyer
and Sellers are unable to agree on an independent public accounting firm that will accept such appointment within ten (10) Business
Days after notice that PwC has declined such appointment or is otherwise unable to serve, then within an additional ten (10) Business
Days, Buyer and Sellers shall each select one such firm and those two firms shall, within ten (10) Business Days after their selection,
select a third such firm, and, upon such selection, Accounting Firm shall mean such firm.

Accounting Firms
Report has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.2(c).

Accounting Principles
means the accounting methods, policies, practices, procedures, classifications, judgments or methodologies set forth in Schedule 1.1(a).

Action
means any claim, complaint, inquiry, investigation, audit, action, suit, arbitration or proceeding of any nature or kind whatsoever, whether
civil, criminal or administrative, at law or in equity, by or before any Governmental Body or arbitrator.

Additional Credit
has the meaning set forth in Schedule 2.7.2(a).

Additional Payment
Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.5.

Adjustment Review
Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.2(a).

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled
by or is under common control with such Person. For purposes of this definition, control (and its variants) of a Person
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person,
whether through the ownership of voting interests, Contract, or otherwise.

Affiliate Contracts
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.16.1(j).

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the preamble and includes all Disclosure Schedules, Schedules and Exhibits attached hereto.

Allocation Methodology
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.4.

Allocation Schedule
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.4.

Ancillary Agreements
means the Bill of Sale, the IP License, the Transition Services Agreement, the Game Content Development Services Agreement, the Lease
Assignment and Assumption Agreements, the Device and Redemption Kiosk Manufacturing / Supply Agreement, the Printed Paper Pull-Tabs Supply
Agreement and the other agreements, instruments and documents required to be delivered at the Closing hereunder.

Annual Deferred
Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7.1.

Antitrust Laws
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.2.

Artificial Intelligence
Tools has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.

2

Asset-Level Taxes
means all Taxes arising from or with respect to the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities or the Business.

Assumed Contracts has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.2.1(c).

Assumed Leases
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.1(b).

Assumed Liabilities
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.1.

Audited Carveout
Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 7.12.

Bill of Sale
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3.1(b).

Business
has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement; provided that for the purpose of calculating Revenue in Section 2.7.1,
Business shall be deemed to include licensed operations of the Business (as described in the recitals) in any state in the
United States, including the Excluded States and the New States.

Business Benefit
Plan means each Employee Benefit Plan that is maintained, sponsored or contributed to by either Seller or an ERISA Affiliate
of either Seller for the benefit of any Business Employee.

Business Day
means each day other than Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in Las Vegas, Nevada or New York, New York are authorized
or obligated by law or executive order to close.

Business Employee
means, except to the extent expressly contemplated to the contrary in Section 4.13 of the Disclosure Schedules, each full
or part time employee of the Business (who spends all of his or her work time working for the Business) employed by any of Sellers or
any of their respective Affiliates, each of whom is identified in Section 4.13.1 of the Disclosure Schedules.

Business Intellectual
Property License Agreements means any Contracts for Third-Party Intellectual Property used or held for use in connection with
the Business.

Business-Utilized
Intellectual Property means any and all Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual Property and Third-Party Intellectual Property.

Business-Utilized
IT Systems means all Software, hardware, networks, firmware, middleware, computers, workstations, desktops, laptops, handheld
devices, routers, hubs, switches, communication lines, data storage devices, data centers, operating systems and other technology equipment,
including all Infrastructure-as-a-Service or other hybrid cloud services and business systems Software or applications (including
CRM, ERP, HR, IT support and accounting systems), whether hosted on prem or in the cloud, or provided as a service
(e.g., Software-as-a-Service, Platform-as-a-Service or other cloud services), in each case for any
of the foregoing, used or held for use in connection with the Business and including all associated documentation used or held for use
in connection with the operation of the Business.

Business-Utilized
Owned Intellectual Property means any and all Intellectual Property that is owned or purported to be owned by a Seller and
used or held for use in connection with the Business.

Buyer
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

3

Buyer Adjustment
Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.1.

Buyer Benefit Plan
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.5.

Buyer Delivered
Documents means this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and each of the other agreements, instruments, and documents to be
executed and delivered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement.

Buyer Indemnified
Parties means Buyer, its Affiliates and their respective officers, managers, directors, employees, agents and representatives.

Buyers 401(k) Plan
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.7.

Carveout Financial
Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 7.12.

Charitable Gaming
Business has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.

Claim-Related Expenses
means any and all reasonable third-party expenses incurred in connection with investigating or defending any Action incident to any matter
indemnified against hereunder, including court filing fees, court costs, arbitration fees or costs, witness fees and reasonable fees and
disbursements of legal counsel, investigators, expert witnesses, accountants and other professionals.

Closing
has the meaning set forth in Article 3.

Closing Date
has the meaning set forth in Article 3.

Closing Date Payment
Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.

Closing Letter of
Credit means a customary form letter of credit issued by a nationally recognized bank (such bank being reasonably acceptable
to Buyer) that is irrevocable, in the principal amount of $3,000,000 for a term expiring on December 31, 2027, posted by Next Generation
Gaming, LLC in favor of Buyer (or an Affiliate designated by Buyer), permits partial draws and payment demand upon a default by Next Generation
Gaming, LLC under the Assumed Contracts to which it is a party and otherwise contains terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to Buyer.

Closing Working
Capital means, as of the Effective Time, an amount equal to (i) the current assets of the Business constituting Purchased
Assets and that are specifically listed on the sample calculation attached as Schedule 1.1(b), minus (ii) the
current liabilities of the Business constituting Assumed Liabilities and that are specifically listed on the sample calculation attached
as Schedule 1.1(b), in each case, calculated as of such time in accordance with the Accounting Principles (it being understood
that Closing Working Capital shall exclude all Excluded Assets and Excluded Liabilities).

COBRA
means the provisions of Section 4980B of the Code and Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA.

Code
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rulings and regulations thereunder.

Competing Transaction
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.6.

Confidentiality
Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.

4

Contract
means any contract, promissory note, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, financial instrument, lease, sublease, license, arrangement,
understanding or other agreement of any kind that is binding on a Person under applicable Law.

Data Room
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.21.

Deferral Period
means the three (3)-year period beginning January 1, 2025 and ending December 31, 2027.

Deferral Period
Year means each of the 2025 Deferral Period, the 2026 Deferral Period and the 2027 Deferral Period.

Deferred Consideration
Notice of Disagreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7.3(b)(ii).

Deferred Consideration
Payments means, collectively, the Annual Deferred Payments (if any) and any payment in respect of the Additional Credit (if
any).

Deferred Consideration
Resolution Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7.3(b)(ii).

Deferred Consideration
Review Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7.3(b)(i).

Deferred Consideration
Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7.3(a).

Device
means a game terminal device for each single player of such game at a time.

Device and Redemption
Kiosk Manufacturing / Supply Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3.1(h).

Disclosure Schedules
means the Disclosure Schedules attached to this Agreement (including all attachments thereto).

DOJ has
the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.2.

E-Tab
means an electronic version of a paper pull tab game, including electronic pull tab, electronic instant bingo
and electronic lucky 7s games.

Effective Time
has the meaning set forth in Article 3.

Employee Benefit
Plan means any written or material unwritten (i) employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of
ERISA (whether or not subject to ERISA), (ii) stock or membership interest option, stock or membership interest purchase, stock or
membership interest appreciation, equity or equity-based, restricted stock or membership interest, VEBA, profit sharing, pension, retirement,
deferred compensation, incentive compensation, medical, life, disability, accident, salary continuation, paid time off, supplemental retirement,
welfare and unemployment benefit plan or program (whether or not insured), or (iii) other compensation or benefit, employment or
individual consulting plan, program policy, practice or Contract.

Encumbrance
means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, security interest, claim, hypothecation, easement, lien, charge, lease, sublease, option, right
of first offer or refusal or other transfer restriction, conditional sale or other title retention agreement, defect in title or other
restriction of any kind.

5

Environmental Law
means any Law relating to (i) pollution, the control of any pollutant, contaminant, or hazardous material, human health and safety,
the protection or restoration of the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater and land surface or subsurface strata),
natural resources or the climate or the protection of endangered or threatened species; and (ii) the generation, manufacture, processing,
use, handling, treatment, storage, disposal, Release, distribution or transportation of solid, gaseous or liquid wastes, or hazardous
materials or substances.

ERISA
means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the applicable rulings and regulations thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate
means, with respect to any entity, any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, that together with such entity would be deemed
a single employer within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c) or (m) of the Code.

Estimated Statement
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.

Estimated Working
Capital has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.

Estimated Working
Capital Adjustment Amount means the amount (which may be positive or negative) equal to (i) Estimated Working Capital
minus (ii) Target Working Capital.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Excluded Assets
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.2.

Excluded Liabilities
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.2.

Excluded State
has the meaning set forth in Schedule 1.1(e).

Exhibits
means the exhibits attached to this Agreement.

Final Adjustment
Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.2(b).

Final Purchase Price
means (i) the Purchase Price plus (ii) the Final Working Capital Adjustment Amount (which Final Working Capital Adjustment
Amount may be positive or negative).

Final Schedule 6.5
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.5.

Final Working Capital
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.2(c).

Final Working Capital
Adjustment Amount means the amount (which may be positive or negative) equal to (i) Closing Working Capital minus
(ii) Target Working Capital.

Financial Information
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4.1.

Fraud
means with respect to the Parties, actual and intentional fraud under Delaware law in the making of a representation or warranty expressly
set forth in Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, or any certificate delivered pursuant to Section 8.3
of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Fraud shall not include any claim for equitable fraud, promissory fraud,
unfair dealings fraud or any torts based on negligence or recklessness.

FTC has
the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.2.

6

G2 Gaming
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles in effect for the relevant time period.

Game Content Development
Services Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3.1(f).

Gaming
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Gaming Authority
means any Governmental Body with supervisory power, regulatory control or jurisdiction over the manufacture, sale, distribution or operation
of gaming equipment or systems, the design, operation or distribution of internet gaming services or products, the ownership or operation
of any current or contemplated casinos, or the ownership or conduct of online gaming products and services or other gaming activities
and operations.

Gaming Law
means, with respect to any Person or the Business, any Law governing or relating to the manufacture, sale, distribution or operation of
gaming equipment or systems, the design, operation or distribution of internet gaming services or products, the ownership or operation
of any current or contemplated casinos, the ownership or conduct of online gaming products and services or other gaming activities and
operations of such Person and its subsidiaries or the Business (as applicable), including the rules and regulations promulgated by
any Gaming Authority.

Gaming Licenses
means the consents, registrations, approvals, findings of suitability, licenses, declarations, notices or filings required to be made,
given or obtained under any Gaming Law in connection with this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Governing Documents
means, with respect to any Person who is not a natural Person, the certificate or articles of incorporation, certificate or articles of
formation or organization, bylaws, operating agreement, articles of association, or other charter documents or organizational or governing
documents or instruments of such Person.

Governmental Body
means any court or government (federal, state, local, foreign, tribal or provincial) or any political subdivision thereof, including any
department, commission, board, bureau, agency or other regulatory, administrative or governmental authority or instrumentality, including
any Gaming Authority.

Governmental Order
means any order, judgment, injunction, decree, writ, stipulation, resolution or settlement agreement, determination or award entered by
or with any Governmental Body.

Hazardous Material
means any material, substance or waste that is regulated, classified, defined, limited or otherwise characterized under or pursuant to
any Environmental Law as hazardous, toxic, a pollutant, a contaminant, radioactive,
or words of similar meaning or effect, or for which liability can be imposed under any Environmental Law, including petroleum and its
by-products, asbestos in any form, polychlorinated biphenyls, per- and polyfluorinated substances, radioactive substances, radon, mold,
urea formaldehyde insulation, chlorofluorocarbons and all other ozone depleting substances.

HSR Act
means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.

IGT has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.1(e).

Indemnifiable Loss
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6.

7

Indemnified Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.5.1.

Indemnifying Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.5.1.

Intellectual Property
means any and all intellectual property and proprietary rights whether protected, created, or arising under the Laws of the United States
or any other jurisdiction throughout the world, including all rights in, arising out of, or associated with any of the following: (i) patents,
utility models, and applications therefor, statutory invention registrations, registered designs, industrial design registrations, and
all reissues, divisions, re-examinations, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof and equivalent
or similar rights in inventions and discoveries anywhere in the world, including invention disclosures; (ii) common law and statutory
rights associated with trade secrets, confidential and proprietary information and know-how, ideas, designs, concepts, compilations of
information, methods, techniques, discoveries, improvements, schematics, drawings, technical data, specifications, research and development
information, technology, testing procedures, testing results, proprietary data (including user data, whether in identifiable or anonymized
form), databases, data collections, business, financial sales and marketing plans and other technical information, procedures and processes
(whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice) and industrial designs; (iii) trade names, corporate
names, product names, logos, slogans, trade dress, trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark registrations, trademark and
service mark applications, and any renewal therefor, all other designations of source, origin, sponsorship, endorsement or certification,
and any and all goodwill associated with and symbolized by the foregoing items; (iv) Internet domain name applications and registrations,
social media handles and accounts; and (v) works of authorship (including all website content, documentation, advertising copy, marketing
materials, and specifications, whether or not copyrightable) together with all translations, adaptations, derivations, and combinations
thereof, copyrightable works (published or unpublished), copyrights, copyright registrations and applications therefor and all other rights
corresponding thereto, Software and database rights, mask works, mask work registrations and applications therefor and any equivalent
or similar rights in semiconductor masks, layouts, architectures or topology, moral and economic rights of authors and inventors, however
denominated.

IP License
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3.1(c).

IRS means
the United States Internal Revenue Service.

Knowledge
means the actual knowledge of Garrett Blackwelder, Tim Smith, Brian Brown, Kevin Morse, Marc Downing, Jason Smith, Matt Mabry, Alan Mizelle,
Gerren Brown and Jimmy Forrest.

Law means
any applicable statute, law, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, rule, order, judgment, decree or legally binding decisions enacted, adopted,
issued or promulgated by any Governmental Body.

Lease
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.8.1.

Lease Assignment
and Assumption Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3.1(g).

Leased Real Property
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.8.1.

Leave
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.1.

Losses
means, without duplication, any and all losses, liabilities, costs, claims, settlement payments, judgments, fines, penalties, damages,
or Claim-Related Expenses.

8

Material Adverse
Effect means any fact, circumstance, event, change, effect or occurrence that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted
in or would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on (i) the business, operations, results of operations,
financial condition, assets or liabilities of the Business, taken as a whole, or (ii) the ability of Sellers to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby; provided, however, that in no event shall any of the following, alone or in combination, be deemed
to constitute, nor shall any of the following be taken into account in determining whether there has been, a Material Adverse Effect:
any facts, circumstances, events, changes, effects or occurrences: (a) resulting from or relating to the identity of Buyer or any
of its Affiliates as the Buyer of the Business or the announcement of or execution of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including losses or threatened losses of employees, customers, suppliers or others having relationships
with the Business; (b) resulting from or relating to political conditions or any acts of terrorism, military action, or war (whether
or not declared) or any escalation or worsening thereof or any epidemic, pandemic or disease outbreak (including the COVID-19 virus);
(c) relating to generally applicable economic conditions (including the state of the financial, debt, credit or securities markets,
in the United States or elsewhere) or the industries in which the Business operates in general; (d) resulting from or relating to
any change in Laws or GAAP or authoritative interpretations thereof; (e) resulting from or relating to the failure of the Business
to meet projections, forecasts or estimates delivered to any Person (provided that the underlying causes of such changes or failures
may be considered in determining whether there is a Material Adverse Effect unless otherwise provided in this definition); (f) resulting
from or relating to any natural or man-made disaster or acts of God; (g) resulting from or relating to the taking of any action expressly
required by this Agreement or any action taken at the express written request of Buyer; provided that clause (g) shall
not apply to any action taken pursuant to Section 6.3 (unless Sellers have requested to take an action that is prohibited
by Section 6.3 and Buyer has unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed its written consent to such action, in which case
the failure of Sellers to take such action shall not be taken into account in determining whether there has occurred a Material
Adverse Effect); and (h) any breach by the Buyer of any term of this Agreement or any other Ancillary Agreement to which the
Buyer is a party; but only to the extent, in the case of clauses (b), (c), (d) or (f), such fact,
circumstance, event, change, effect or occurrence does not disproportionately impact the Business, taken as a whole, relative to other
companies in the industries in which the Business operates.

Material Contracts
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.16.1.

Maximum Deferred
Payment Adjustment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7.2.

New Installation
and Replacement Activities means the placement by either Seller or their respective Affiliates in the ordinary course of business
of new Devices and Redemption Kiosks in either new or existing customer locations (whether in replacement of existing Devices and Redemption
Kiosks, as applicable, or otherwise) at any time from and after January 1, 2025 until the Closing.

New Installation
and Replacement Activity Reimbursement Costs means the sum of the following, in each case, in connection with New Installation
and Replacement Activities: (i) the aggregate reimbursable costs for the Devices and Redemption Kiosks placed at customer locations
determined as set forth on Schedule 1.1(d) and (ii) the aggregate reimbursable costs of charitable contributions
or donations made by either Seller or their respective Affiliates to the extent made in the ordinary course of business as set forth on
Schedule 1.1(d).

New State
has the meaning set forth in Schedule 2.7.2(a).

New State Measurement
Period has the meaning set forth in Schedule 2.7.2(a).

Non-Transferable
Asset has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8.

9

Notice of Disagreement
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.2(b).

Objections
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.4.

Open Source Software
means any Software, code or data library that is licensed (i) as freeware, shareware, open source software or under similar licensing
models, (ii) under a license identified as an open source license by the Open Source Initiative (www.opensource.org/licenses) or
other license that substantially conforms to the Open Source Definition (opensource.org/osd) or (iii) under a license or agreement
that requires, as a condition of the use, modification or distribution of software subject to such license or agreement, that such Software
or other Software linked with, called by, incorporated, integrated, combined or distributed with or otherwise bundled with such Software
be (a) disclosed, distributed, made available, offered, licensed or delivered in source code form, (b) licensed for the purpose
of making derivative works, (c) licensed under terms that allow reverse engineering, reverse assembly or disassembly of any kind
or (d) redistributable at no charge. For the avoidance of doubt, Open Source Software includes Software licensed or distributed under
any of the following licenses or distribution model terms: (i) GNUs General Public License (GPL) or Lesser/Library
GPL; (ii) the Artistic License (e.g., PERL); (iii) the Mozilla Public License; (iv) the BSD License and (v) Apache
License.

ordinary course
of business means (i) with respect to any Person, in the ordinary course of such Persons business consistent with
past practice and (ii) with respect to the Business, in the ordinary course of business of the Business consistent with past practice.

Outside Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.5.

Party
and Parties has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

Permits
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.18.

Permitted Encumbrances
means (i) Encumbrances for Taxes and other governmental charges and assessments that are not yet due and payable or can be paid without
penalty, or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves have been established
in accordance with GAAP; (ii) Encumbrances or rights of landlords, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and repairmen and other similar
liens arising in the ordinary course of business for sums not yet due and payable or that can be paid without penalty; (iii) easements,
rights of way and restrictions on use that are imposed by Law relating to zoning, building or land use that are not presently violated
and do not, and are not reasonably likely to, individually or in the aggregate, materially interfere with the conduct of the Business
as currently conducted at the real property affected thereby; (iv) other non-monetary liens on, or minor imperfections of (or minor
defects in) title with respect to, and minor encroachments upon, real property that, in each case, do not, and are not reasonably likely
to, individually or in the aggregate, materially interfere with the conduct of the Business as currently conducted at such real property;
(v) with respect to securities, restrictions imposed by applicable securities Laws; (vi) matters disclosed by a current and
accurate survey provided to Buyer of any parcel of Leased Real Property, which matters do not, and are not reasonably likely to, materially
interfere with the conduct of the Business as currently conducted; (vii) Encumbrances in respect of customary deposit accounts or
brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business; (viii) Encumbrances in respect of deposits made to secure obligations
arising from statutory, regulatory, contractual or warranty requirements, including rights of setoff; (ix) pledges, deposits or insurance
in the ordinary course of business arising under workers compensation, unemployment insurance, social security, retirement and
similar legislation or to secure public or statutory obligations; (x) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property granted to
end-user customers of Sellers arising in the ordinary course of business; and (xi) Encumbrances that will be released at Closing.

10

Person
means and includes a natural person, a corporation (including a non-for-profit corporation), an association, a partnership, a limited
liability company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, a Governmental Body or any other entity.

Personal Data
means (i) any information that can reasonably be used to identify a natural person or that relates to an identified or identifiable
natural person or (ii) any information that is protected by applicable Privacy Laws.

Post-Closing Tax
Period means any taxable period (or portion of any Straddle Period) starting after the Closing Date.

Pre-Closing Tax
Period means any taxable period (or portion of any Straddle Period) starting on or before the Closing Date.

Printed Paper Pull-Tabs
Supply Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3.1(i).

Privacy and Data
Security Requirements means (i) all Privacy Laws, (ii) obligations under all Contracts to which either Seller is
a party or is otherwise bound that relate to Personal Data and (iii) all of the internal and external policies and representations
of Sellers regarding the Processing of Personal Data.

Privacy Laws
means any applicable Laws relating to the confidentiality, secrecy, security, protection, disposal, use, disclosure, international transfer,
privacy, collection, access, transmission, sharing, storage, maintenance, retention, deletion, destruction, modification, alteration or
other processing (collectively, Process, Processed or Processing) or marketing
of Personal Data, including incident reporting and data breach notification requirements regarding such data.

Process,
Processed and Processing have the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.

Purchase Price
means $850,000,000.

Purchased Assets
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.1.

Qualifying Offer
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.1.

R&W Policy
means that certain insurance policy obtained by Buyer, or an Affiliate of Buyer, covering breaches of the representations and warranties
provided under Article 4 of this Agreement, for which the binder is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Redemption Kiosk
means any terminal that redeems and/or issues vouchers for players in respect of Device games.

Registered Business-Utilized
Owned Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in Section 4.11.1(a).

Release
means any actual or threatened release, spilling, emitting, emptying, leaking, dumping, injection, pumping, pouring, deposit, disposing,
discharging, dispersing, leaching or migration into or through the indoor or outdoor environment.

Required Gaming
Licenses has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.5.

Resolution Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.2(b).

11

Restricted Area
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.16.1(d).

Restricted Business
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.16.1(c).

Restricted Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.16.1(a).

Restrictive Covenant
Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3.1(d).

Retained Business
has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.

Revenue
has the meaning set forth in Schedule 1.1(f).

Review Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.4.

Sale Transaction
means a disposition of the Business by Buyer or its Affiliates in one or more transactions resulting in a third party holding directly
or indirectly more than a majority of the assets, or a majority of, the voting power or equity interests of the owner of a majority of
the assets of the Business (it being understood the foregoing does not include any internal restructuring, reorganization or similar transaction
or series of transactions, in each case involving Light & Wonder, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries), provided, however,
that one or more transactions, whether through merger, recapitalization, reorganization or other business combination or similar transaction,
resulting in a direct or indirect change in the ownership of more than a majority of the assets or a majority of the voting power or equity
interests of Light & Wonder, Inc. shall not constitute a Sale Transaction hereunder.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Seller
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Seller Delivered
Documents means this Agreement and each of the other agreements, instruments, and documents to be executed and delivered by
Seller pursuant to this Agreement.

Seller Indemnified
Parties means Seller, its Affiliates and their respective officers, managers, directors, employees, agents and representatives.

Sellers 2024
Audited Financials has the meaning set forth in Section 7.15.

Sellers 401(k) Plan
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.7.

Software
means all (i) computer programs, applications, files, user interfaces, application programming interfaces, diagnostics, software
development tools and kits, templates, menus, analytics and tracking tools, compilers, libraries, version control systems, operating systems,
including all software implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies for any of the foregoing, whether in source code, object
code or other form, (ii) databases and compilations, including all data and collections of data, whether machine readable or otherwise,
(iii) descriptions, flow-charts and other work product used to design, plan, organize and develop any of the foregoing, (iv) all
user documentation, including user manuals and training materials, relating to any of the foregoing and (v) all artificial intelligence
or machine learning model-based tools, applications or information technology systems, including the models architecture, parameters
(e.g., weights), as well as data preparation and training processes by which such parameters are derived (Artificial
Intelligence Tools).

12

Straddle Period
means any taxable period beginning on or before and ending after the Closing Date.

Submitted Items
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.2(c).

Target Working Capital
means $12,600,000.

Tax means
taxes of any kind, levies or other like assessments, customs, duties, imposts, charges or fees, including income, gross receipts, ad valorem,
value added, excise, real or personal property, asset, sales, use, license, payroll, transaction, capital, net worth and franchise taxes,
estimated taxes, withholding, employment, social security, workers compensation, utility, severance, production, unemployment compensation,
occupation, premium, windfall profits, transfer and gains taxes or other governmental taxes imposed by or payable to any Governmental
Body, in each case, in the nature of a tax, and including any interest or penalties imposed with respect thereto.

Tax Return
means any return, declaration, form, report, claim for refund, or information return or statement relating to any Tax, including any schedule
or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.

Third-Party Claim
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.5.2(a).

Third-Party Intellectual
Property means any and all Intellectual Property owned by a third party that is used or held for use in connection with the
Business.

Third-Party Purchaser
means any Person who, immediately prior to the contemplated transaction or transactions, does not, directly or indirectly, hold more than
a majority of the assets or a majority of the voting power or equity interests of the owner of a majority of the assets of the Business.

Top Customers
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.17.

Top Vendors
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.17.

Transfer Taxes
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.3.

Transfer Time
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.1.

Transferred Employee
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.1.

Transition Services
Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3.1(e)

WARN Act
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.8.

1.2Construction.

1.2.1Unless
the context otherwise requires, as used in this Agreement: (i) an accounting term not otherwise defined herein has the meaning ascribed
to it in accordance with GAAP; (ii) including and its variants mean including, without limitation and
its variants; (iii) words defined in the singular have the parallel meaning in the plural and vice versa; (iv) words of one
gender shall be construed to apply to all genders; (v) the terms hereof, herein, hereby,
hereto, and derivative or similar words refer to this entire Agreement, including the Schedules and Exhibits hereto, as
may be amended from time to time; (vi) the terms Article, Section, Exhibit and Schedule
refer to the specified Article, Section, Exhibit or Schedule of or to this Agreement; (vii) titles and captions used in this
Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way define, limit, extend or describe the scope of this Agreement or
the intent of any of its provisions; (viii) the word or shall be non-exclusive; (ix) the use of extent
in the phrase to the extent means the degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and such phrase does not mean simply
if; and (x) the word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall.

13

1.2.2A
reference to any Person includes such Persons successors and permitted assigns.

1.2.3Any
reference to days means calendar days unless Business Days are expressly specified.

1.2.4Any
references to dollars or $ means dollars of the United States of America.

1.2.5Any
references to any Contract (including this Agreement) are to such Contract as amended, modified, supplemented or replaced from time to
time in accordance with the terms thereof.

1.2.6The
Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits to this Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof for all purposes. The
information and disclosures set forth in each section of the Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed to be disclosed and incorporated by
reference in each other section and subsection thereof where the applicability of such information or disclosure to such other section
or subsection is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure. The disclosures in the Disclosure Schedules may be over-inclusive,
considering the materiality standards contained in, and the disclosures required by, the provisions of this Agreement, and the fact that
any item or matter is disclosed in the Disclosure Schedules shall not be deemed to set or establish different standards of materiality
or required disclosures from those set forth in the corresponding provisions of this Agreement. The disclosure of any item or information
in the Disclosure Schedules is not an admission that such item or information is material or required to be disclosed in the Disclosure
Schedules or is of a nature that would constitute a Material Adverse Effect. The information and disclosure contained in the Disclosure
Schedules shall not be deemed to expand in any way the scope or effect of the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement.
No disclosure in the Disclosure Schedules relating to any possible breach or violation of any Contract or Law shall be construed as an
admission or indication that any such breach or violation exists or has actually occurred.

ARTICLE 2

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1Purchase
and Sale of Assets. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement
and, subject to the exclusions set forth in Section 2.2.2, on the Closing Date, each Seller shall sell, assign, transfer,
convey and deliver to Buyer or its Affiliates as designated by Buyer, and Buyer or such of its Affiliates shall purchase and accept from
each Seller, all of such Sellers respective right, title, and interest in and to the Purchased Assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances
other than Permitted Encumbrances.

2.2Purchased
Assets and Excluded Assets.

2.2.1Purchased
Assets. Purchased Assets means (i) all of G2 Gamings right, title and interest in and to all assets,
properties and rights (other than the Excluded Assets), including to the extent set forth below, and (ii) all of Gamings right,
title and interest in and to all assets, properties and rights primarily related to the Charitable Gaming Business (other than the Excluded
Assets), including to the extent set forth below:

(a)all
personal property and interests therein, including computers, office furniture, fixtures, office equipment, communications equipment,
operating supplies, primarily related to the Business;

14

(b)the
Leases set forth on Schedule 2.2.1(b) (the Assumed Leases);

(c)the
Contracts primarily related to the Business (the Assumed Contracts), including those set forth on Schedule 2.2.1(c),
which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes the IGT Agreement;

(d)the
Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual Property, the Business-Utilized IT Systems owned or licensed by Sellers and the Business Intellectual
Property License Agreements, including those set forth on Schedule 2.2.1(d);

(e)the
Devices primarily related to the Business (whether or not installed at customer locations or held in inventory as of the Effective Time),
including those set forth on Schedule 2.2.1(e) (the Transferred Devices);

(f)the
Redemption Kiosks primarily related to the Business (whether or not installed at customer locations or held in inventory as of the Effective
Time), including those set forth on Schedule 2.2.1(f);

(g)any
other raw materials, works-in-process, finished goods, components, consumables, supplies, packaging materials and other inventories primarily
related to the Business as of the Effective Time;

(h)the
vehicles set forth on Schedule 2.2.1(h);

(i)all
claims and rights of action of any nature whatsoever against any Person that relate to or arise out of the Purchased Assets or the Assumed
Liabilities, in each case, to the extent such claims and rights arise after the Effective Time;

(j)the
personnel files of the Transferred Employees, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable Law;

(k)all
books and records, including regulatory filings, technical documentation, user documentation, work papers, supplier and customer lists,
other distribution lists, financial and accounting books records, reports, budgets, forecasts, Tax records, Tax Returns and Tax related
work papers, purchase orders and invoices, sales orders and sales order log books, cost and pricing information, marketing documentation,
operating, production and other manuals, promotional literature and miscellaneous records, and all other documents, files, correspondence,
data (including historical financial data and employee emails) and other information, in all cases, in any form or medium, primarily related
to the Business;

(l)all
rights under any non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality or other restrictive covenant agreement or arrangement
with any Transferred Employee to the extent related to the Business;

(m)all
accounts receivables and prepaid items of the Business to the extent included in Closing Working Capital (which, for the avoidance of
doubt, with respect to prepaid items, only includes (i) prepaid software for ZenDesk and EZTexting and (ii) prepaid licensing
fees of the Business in charitable gaming jurisdictions, which as of the date hereof, includes Kentucky, North Dakota, New Hampshire,
Ohio and Virginia);

15

(n)all
goodwill related to the Business or any of the Purchased Assets; and

(o)other
than assets of the type set forth in the foregoing clauses (a) through (l), all other properties, assets and rights
(tangible or intangible) that are primarily related to the Business, including those set forth in Schedule 2.2.1(o) to
this Agreement.

2.2.2Excluded
Assets. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.2.1, Buyer shall acquire no right, title or interest in any Excluded
Asset under or pursuant to this Agreement or as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Excluded Assets
consist of (i) the assets, properties and rights of G2 Gaming solely as explicitly listed below and (ii) all of the assets,
properties and rights of Gaming other than the Purchased Assets, including as explicitly set forth below:

(a)all
assets, properties and rights (other than Intellectual Property) primarily related to the Retained Business or any of Gamings businesses
or operations (other than the Charitable Gaming Business);

(b)all
cash and cash equivalents, bank accounts, deposits and marketable securities and any prepaid items (other than those specified as Purchased
Assets in the parenthetical in Section 2.2.1(m)) of the Business and the Retained Business;

(c)all
claims and rights of action of any nature whatsoever either (i) against any Person to the extent arising out of either Sellers
ownership, use or possession of any of the Purchased Assets or Assumed Liabilities on or before the Effective Time or (ii) against
any Person relating to any of the Excluded Assets or Excluded Liabilities;

(d)all
rights under, and assets held by, the Business Benefit Plans and other employee compensation or benefit plans, programs, arrangements
and agreements, including any employment agreements and any retirement benefit and post-retirement health benefit plans, programs, arrangements
and agreements;

(e)all
claims for refunds of Asset-Level Taxes attributable to Pre-Closing Tax Periods and claims for refunds of any other Taxes paid by either
Seller or any of their respective Affiliates;

(f)each
Sellers, and their respective Affiliates (i) minute books, Governing Documents, share records and Tax Returns, other
than Tax Returns that relate solely to the Business; (ii) all books and records which Sellers or any of their Affiliates are required
by Law to retain or that relate to the Excluded Liabilities; provided, however, that copies of such books and records are,
to the extent permitted by Law, included in the Purchased Assets to the extent primarily related to the Business; (iii) all records,
reports, correspondence and memoranda prepared or received by Sellers or any of their respective Affiliates (including all analyses relating
to the Business or Buyer so prepared or received), and all valuations, expressions of interest and bids received from all Persons, in
each case, in connection with the sale of the Business or the transactions contemplated hereby; (iv) all financial statements of
Sellers or their respective Affiliates and all records (including working papers) related thereto, in each case, other than those that
relate primarily to the Business; and (v) any document or other item subject to attorney-client or similar privilege;

16

(g)all
amounts owed by Sellers or any Affiliate of either Seller, on one hand, to either Seller or another Affiliate of either Seller, on the
other hand;

(h)all
insurance policies and all of either Sellers rights thereunder, including insurance policies in respect of directors and officers
and to all claims against insurance carriers;

(i)any
claims, rights and interest in and to any refunds of income Taxes of Sellers, and its Affiliates with respect to the operation of the
Business or the Purchased Assets for taxable years or periods ending on or prior to the Closing Date, and all beneficial interests in
any portion of such a refund with respect to the operation of the Business or the Purchased Assets for any taxable year or period beginning
before and ending after the Closing Date, for the portion of such taxable year or period ending on or prior to the Closing Date;

(j)all
Permits of either Seller, including any Permit required to operate the Business under applicable Law;

(k)the
vehicles set forth on Schedule 2.2.2(k);

(l)all
Contracts (including the IGT Agreement) that are not Assumed Contracts;

(m)all
Leases that are not Assumed Leases;

(n)personnel
files to the extent that any transfer or assignment thereof is prohibited by applicable Law;

(o)the
Intellectual Property assets set forth on Schedule 2.2.2(o); and

(p)all
rights which accrue or will accrue to Sellers under this Agreement and the Seller Delivered Documents.

2.3Assumed
Liabilities and Excluded Liabilities.

2.3.1Assumed
Liabilities. Buyer shall assume, as of the Effective Time, and shall pay, perform and discharge when due, all liabilities and obligations
of Sellers and their respective Affiliates arising out of or relating to the Business, the Purchased Assets or the Transferred Employees,
in each case, solely to the extent arising after the Effective Time or as otherwise expressly set forth below, but in each case excluding
any Excluded Liabilities (the Assumed Liabilities), including the following:

(a)the
accounts payable or trade payables related to Virginia gaming fee payables, gas bills for vehicle fleet and software payable for ZenDesk
and EZTexting;

(b)all
liabilities and obligations under the Assumed Leases to the extent arising after the Effective Time;

(c)all
liabilities and obligations under the Assumed Contracts to the extent arising after the Effective Time;

(d)all
liabilities and obligations related to the lease obligations for the vehicles set forth on Schedule 2.2.1(h) to the extent
arising after the Effective Time;

17

(e)all
liabilities and obligations related to the license fees associated with the Transferred Devices, pursuant to the terms of the Patent Cross
License Agreement for Game Features dated August 29, 2024 by and between IGT, a Nevada corporation (IGT) and
Gaming (the IGT Agreement);

(f)vacation
and other paid time off accrued, after the applicable Transfer Time, with respect to the Transferred Employees; and

(g)all
liabilities for Asset-Level Taxes for any Post-Closing Tax Period (calculated for a Straddle Period in accordance with Section 7.1.1).

2.3.2Excluded
Liabilities. Other than the Assumed Liabilities, Buyer does not assume any of Sellers or any of their respective Affiliates
liabilities or obligations (the Excluded Liabilities), including the following:

(a)liabilities
or obligations arising out of or relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets, in each case, to the extent arising either at or prior
to the Effective Time or to the extent arising either out of or related to (i) events or circumstances on or prior to the Effective
Time or (ii) the conduct of the Business at or prior to the Effective Time, including as relating to any infringement, misappropriation
or other violation of the Intellectual Property rights of any third party due to the conduct of the Business at or prior to the Effective
Time;

(b)liabilities
or obligations related to or arising out of the Excluded Assets;

(c)any
indebtedness of, or owed by, either Seller or its Affiliates;

(d)(i) liabilities
for Taxes of Sellers (or any Affiliate thereof), (ii) all liabilities for Asset-Level Taxes for any Pre-Closing Tax Period (calculated
for a Straddle Period in accordance with Section 7.1.1) and (iii) all liabilities under escheat, abandoned property,
unclaimed property or other similar Laws arising from or with respect to the Purchased Assets that relate to the period prior to the Closing
Date;

(e)liabilities
or obligations arising out of or relating to the Business Benefit Plans;

(f)liabilities
or obligations arising out of or related to the Business Employees, other than those in respect of the employment of a Transferred Employee
by Buyer or its Affiliates after the applicable Transfer Time;

(g)liabilities
or obligations arising out of or relating to accrued, but unpaid, vendor commissions as of the Effective Time;

(h)any
account payable or trade payables of the Business that are not specifically included as Assumed Liabilities under Section 2.3.1(a);
and

(i)the
liabilities or obligations set forth on Schedule 2.3.2(i).

2.4Closing
Date Payment. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing,
Buyer shall pay to Sellers by wire transfer of immediately available funds to one or more accounts designated in writing by Sellers an
amount equal to (i) the Purchase Price, plus (ii) the Estimated Working Capital Adjustment Amount (which amount may be
positive or negative) (the Closing Date Payment Amount). The Closing Date Payment Amount shall be subject to adjustment
after the Closing Date as provided in Section 2.6.

18

2.5Estimated
Statement. No later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing, Sellers shall deliver
to Buyer a written statement (the Estimated Statement) setting forth in reasonable detail Sellers good-faith
estimate of (i) Closing Working Capital (Estimated Working Capital) and (ii) the Estimated Working Capital
Adjustment Amount, in each case determined and calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles and the applicable definitions
set forth herein.

2.6Determination
of Final Purchase Price.

2.6.1No
later than the later of ninety (90) days after the Closing Date, Buyer shall deliver to Sellers a written statement (the Buyer
Adjustment Statement) setting forth in reasonable detail Buyers good-faith calculation of (i) Closing Working Capital
and (ii) the Final Purchase Price, in each case determined and calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles and the applicable
definitions set forth herein. If Buyer fails to timely deliver the Buyer Adjustment Statement, then the Estimated Statement shall be deemed
to be the Buyer Adjustment Statement delivered to Sellers hereunder and deemed to have been delivered on such ninetieth (90th).
In connection with the preparation or review of, or resolution of any disputes with respect to, the Buyer Adjustment Statement, each of
Buyer and Sellers shall make available to the other Parties and their respective representatives reasonable access during normal business
hours to all relevant personnel, representatives, books and records and other items reasonably requested by any Party in connection therewith.

2.6.2The
following procedures shall apply with respect to the review of the Buyer Adjustment Statement:

(a)Sellers
shall have a period of forty-five (45) days after receipt by Sellers of the Buyer Adjustment Statement to review such report (the
Adjustment Review Period).

(b)If
Sellers do not deliver to Buyer a written statement describing any objections Sellers have to the Buyer Adjustment Statement (a Notice
of Disagreement) on or before the final day of the Adjustment Review Period, then Sellers shall be deemed to have accepted
such Buyer Adjustment Statement, and such Buyer Adjustment Statement shall be deemed to be the Final Adjustment Statement
for purposes of this Agreement and the payment (if any) contemplated by Section 2.6.3. If Sellers deliver to Buyer a Notice
of Disagreement on or before the final day of the Adjustment Review Period, then Buyer and Sellers shall attempt to resolve in good faith
the matters contained in the Notice of Disagreement within thirty (30) days after Buyers receipt of the Notice of Disagreement
(the Resolution Period). If Buyer and Sellers reach a resolution with respect to such matters on or before the final
day of the Resolution Period, then the Buyer Adjustment Statement, as modified by such resolution and supplemented by the items that were
not disputed from the Estimated Statement, shall be deemed to be the Final Adjustment Statement for purposes of this
Agreement and the payment (if any) contemplated by Section 2.6.3.

19

(c)If
such a resolution is not reached on or before the final day of the Resolution Period, then Buyer and Sellers shall promptly jointly retain
the Accounting Firm (including by executing a customary agreement with the Accounting Firm in connection with its engagement) and submit
any unresolved objections covered by the Notice of Disagreement to the Accounting Firm for resolution in accordance with this Section 2.6.2(c) (any
such items submitted to the Accounting Firm, the Submitted Items). Any item that is not a Submitted Item shall be
deemed final and binding on the Parties. The Accounting Firm will be instructed to (A) make a final determination that is within
the range of the respective positions taken by each of Buyer and Sellers on an expedited basis (and in any event within thirty (30) days
after submission of the Submitted Items) with respect to each of the Submitted Items (and only the Submitted Items) based solely on the
Estimated Statement, the Buyer Adjustment Statement, the Notice of Disagreement and any statements provided to the Accounting Firm in
accordance with Section 2.6.2(b) and (B) prepare and deliver to Buyer and Sellers a written statement setting forth
its final determination (and a reasonably detailed description of the basis therefor) with respect to each Submitted Item (the Accounting
Firms Report). In making its determination, the Accounting Firm shall act as an expert, and not as an arbitrator. During
the ten (10) Business Days after submission of the Submitted Items to the Accounting Firm, each of Buyer and Sellers may provide
the Accounting Firm with a definitive statement in writing of its positions with respect to the Submitted Items (and only the Submitted
Items). The Parties agree that (1) the Accounting Firms determination with respect to each Submitted Item as reflected in
the Accounting Firms Report shall be deemed to be final, conclusive, binding and non-appealable, absent fraud or manifest error,
(2) the Buyer Adjustment Statement, as modified by any changes thereto in accordance with the Accounting Firms Report and
supplemented by the items that were not disputed from the Estimated Statement, shall be deemed to be the Final Adjustment Statement
for purposes of this Agreement and the payment (if any) contemplated by Section 2.6.3, (3) the procedures set forth in
this Section 2.6.2 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy with respect to the final determination of the Final Adjustment
Statement and (4) the Accounting Firms determination under this Section 2.6.2(c) shall be enforceable as
an arbitral award, and judgment may be entered thereupon in any court having jurisdiction over the Party against which such determination
is to be enforced, absent fraud or manifest error. Closing Working Capital as set forth in the Final Adjustment Statement shall be deemed
to be the Final Working Capital. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties respective indemnification obligations
set forth in Article 10 shall not be affected by any amount reflected in the Final Adjustment Statement, except to the extent
necessary to avoid duplication.

2.6.3In
connection with the dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Section 2.6, Buyer and Sellers agree to execute, if requested
by the Accounting Firm, an engagement letter in customary form that is reasonably satisfactory to each of Buyer and Sellers.

2.6.4Each
of Buyer and Sellers shall (A) pay its own respective costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Section 2.6
and (B) be responsible for the fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm on a pro rata basis based upon the degree to which
the Accounting Firm has accepted the respective positions of Buyer and Sellers (which shall be determined by the Accounting Firm and set
forth in the Accounting Firms Report).

2.6.5Within
two (2) Business Days after the determination of the Final Adjustment Statement in accordance with this Section 2.6:

(a)if
the Additional Payment Amount is a positive number, then Buyer shall pay an amount in cash equal to the Additional Payment Amount to Sellers
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to one or more accounts designated in writing by Sellers; or

(b)if
the Additional Payment Amount is a negative number, then Sellers shall pay an amount in cash equal to the absolute value of the Additional
Payment Amount to Buyer by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated in writing by Buyer.

20

For purposes hereof, Additional
Payment Amount (which may be a positive or a negative number) means Final Working Capital minus Estimated Working Capital;
provided that Final Working Capital minus Estimated Working Capital for such purposes shall be deemed to be
zero if the amount that the Target Working Capital exceeds the Final Working Capital or the amount by which the Final Working Capital
exceeds the Target Working Capital is less than two percent (2%) of the Target Working Capital; provided, further, that
if such excess exceeds two percent (2%) of the Target Working Capital, then Final Working Capital minus Estimated Working
Capital for such purposes shall be only such amount in excess of such two percent (2%).

2.7Deferred
Consideration. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 2.7, Sellers may
be entitled to receive, and Buyer may be obligated to pay, as additional consideration for the Purchased Assets, an aggregate amount not
to exceed $200,000,000 in the form of one or more Deferred Consideration Payments. In no event shall any amounts payable by Buyer pursuant
to this Section 2.7 exceed, in the aggregate, $200,000,000.

2.7.1Annual
Deferred Payments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth on Schedule 2.7.1, Sellers shall be entitled to receive, and
Buyer shall be obligated to pay, an aggregate amount not to exceed $200,000,000, comprised of three (3) payments of up to $33,333,333.33,
$33,333,333.33 and $133,333,333.34 (each, an Annual Deferred Payment) in respect of the 2025 Deferral Period, the
2026 Deferral Period and the 2027 Deferral Period, respectively, determined as set forth on Schedule 2.7.1. Each Annual Deferred
Payment (if any) shall be made no later than five (5) Business Days following the final determination of the corresponding Deferred
Consideration Statement pursuant to Section 2.7.3.

2.7.2Additional
Credit. This Section 2.7.2 (and Schedule 2.7.2(a)) shall only apply to the extent that the aggregate Annual Deferred
Payments determined pursuant to Section 2.7.1 are less than $200,000,000 (such difference, if any, expressed as a positive
number, the Maximum Deferred Payment Adjustment). In such event, the rights and obligations of the Parties set forth
in Schedule 2.7.2(a) shall apply. For illustrative purposes only, Schedule 2.7.2(b) sets forth an example
of the Additional Credit calculated in accordance with this Agreement.

2.7.3Determination
of Deferred Consideration Payments.

(a)Within
ninety (90) days following (i) the end of each Deferral Period Year and (ii) if occurring after December 31, 2027,
the end of the last New State Measurement Period (if any), Buyer shall prepare and deliver to Sellers a statement (each, a Deferred
Consideration Statement) setting forth in reasonable detail Buyers good-faith calculation of (A) Revenue for the
applicable period(s), including for any New States (as applicable), and (B) if any, the Annual Deferred Payment and/or the Additional
Credit (or the portion of the Additional Credit) payable hereunder, in each case determined and calculated in accordance with Schedule 1.1(c) and
the applicable definitions set forth herein, it being understood that such calculation in respect of any New States and any related Additional
Credit shall be included in (x) the Deferred Consideration Statement in respect of the 2027 Deferral Period and/or (y) if any
New State Measurement Period continues after December 31, 2027, the Deferred Consideration Statement to be delivered within ninety
(90) days following the end of the last New State Measurement Period. In connection with the preparation or review of, or resolution
of any disputes with respect to, any Deferred Consideration Statement, each of Buyer and Sellers shall make available to the other Parties
and their respective representatives reasonable access during normal business hours to all relevant personnel, representatives, books
and records and other items reasonably requested by any Party in connection therewith.

21

(b)The
following procedures shall apply with respect to the review of any Deferred Consideration Statement:

(i) Sellers shall have a period of forty-five (45) days after receipt by Sellers of any Deferred Consideration
Statement to review such statement (the Deferred Consideration Review Period).

(ii) If Sellers do not deliver to Buyer a written statement describing any objections Sellers have to the applicable
Deferred Consideration Statement (a Deferred Consideration Notice of Disagreement) on or before the final day of
the applicable Deferred Consideration Review Period, then Sellers shall be deemed to have irrevocably accepted such Deferred Consideration
Statement, and such Deferred Consideration Statement shall be deemed to be final, conclusive and binding for all purposes hereunder. If
Sellers deliver to Buyer a Deferred Consideration Notice of Disagreement on or before the final day of the applicable Deferred Consideration
Review Period, then Buyer and Sellers shall attempt to resolve in good faith the matters contained in the applicable Deferred Consideration
Notice of Disagreement within thirty (30) days after Buyers receipt of the Notice of Disagreement (a Deferred Consideration
Resolution Period). If Buyer and Sellers reach a resolution with respect to such matters on or before the final day of the
applicable Deferred Consideration Resolution Period, then the applicable Deferred Consideration Statement, as modified by such resolution,
shall be deemed to be final, conclusive and binding for all purposes hereunder.

(iii) If such a resolution is not reached on or before the final day of the applicable Deferred Consideration
Resolution Period, such remaining items in dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.6.2(c),
mutatis mutandis, and shall become final, conclusive and binding for all purposes hereunder in accordance with such procedures.

(c)Each
of Buyer and Sellers shall (i) pay its own respective costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Section 2.7.3
and (ii) be responsible for the fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm on a pro rata basis based upon the degree to which
the Accounting Firm has accepted the respective positions of Buyer and Sellers (which shall be determined by the Accounting Firm and set
forth in the Accounting Firms Report).

2.7.4Operations.
Buyer shall comply with the obligations set forth in Schedule 2.7.4.

2.7.5Right
of Set-Off. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Buyer shall be entitled to offset, on a dollar-for-dollar
basis, any amounts owed by any Seller to a Buyer Indemnified Party under Article 10 (subject to the limitations set forth
in Section 10.6) from any Deferred Consideration Payment otherwise payable by Buyer to Sellers pursuant to this Section 2.7.
For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts so set off shall be deemed to have been paid by Buyer to Sellers in accordance with this Section 2.7.

22

2.7.6Sale
Transaction. Upon the consummation of a Sale Transaction that occurs at any time when one or more Deferred Consideration Payments
may be required pursuant to this Section 2.7, Buyer shall require that the applicable Third-Party Purchaser assume in writing
all of Buyers obligations to pay any unpaid Deferred Consideration Payment in accordance with the terms hereof; provided
that Buyer shall remain responsible for such obligations.

2.7.7Payment.
All payments required to be made by Buyer pursuant to this Section 2.7 will be made to Sellers by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to one or more accounts designated in writing by Sellers.

2.8Non-Transferable
Assets. Nothing in this Agreement shall be determined to transfer or assign to Buyer any Contract
or other asset that would otherwise be included in the Purchased Assets if an attempted transfer or assignment (a) without the consent
of any Person would constitute a breach or default of such Contract or asset or create a termination right under such Contract, and such
Person does not give its consent (or waive its right to consent), or (b) would otherwise be unlawful, ineffective or would materially
impair Buyers rights under the Contract or asset in question so that Buyer would in effect not acquire the benefit of such rights
(each a Non-Transferable Asset); provided, however, that prior to and following the Closing and until
the earlier of (A) the date that is three (3) years following the Closing and (B) the date on which such Non-Transferable
Asset is so transferred or assigned, Sellers and Buyer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and make any necessary consents
for the transfer or assignment of all Non-Transferable Assets to be so transferred or assigned; provided, further, that
neither Sellers nor Buyer shall be required to (i) pay any consideration to any Person for the purpose of obtaining any such consent
or (ii) pay any costs and expenses of any other Person (other than ordinary course out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including attorneys
fees) resulting from the process of obtaining any such consent. With respect to each such Non-Transferable Asset, (i) Sellers will
cooperate in any reasonable and lawful arrangements designed to provide to Buyer all of the benefits, economic and otherwise, of such
Non-Transferable Asset (including promptly remitting to Buyer or its designated Affiliate any revenue received by Sellers on account of
any such Non-Transferable Asset related to the Post-Closing Tax Period), (ii) Sellers will not terminate, alter, amend, assign or
otherwise transfer any such Non-Transferable Asset without Buyers express written consent, and will use commercially reasonable
efforts to maintain and preserve such Non-Transferable Asset, and (iii) until such Non-Transferable Asset is assigned to Buyer or
its designated Affiliate, Sellers will use commercially reasonable efforts to enforce, at the reasonable direction and for the account,
at the sole expense, of Buyer, any right of Sellers arising under any such Non-Transferable Asset against any counterparty thereto or
other Person (including the right to amend or terminate any such Non-Transferable Asset in accordance with the terms thereof). Any applicable
Seller will provide Buyer with notice of any claim asserted by any Person against or with respect to any Non-Transferable Asset after
the Closing as soon as practicable after becoming aware of any such claim. If any such claim is asserted, Buyer will have the right to
direct the defense of such claim at Buyers sole cost and expense, whether or not litigation, arbitration or other dispute resolution
proceedings have been instituted and even if Buyer is not named as a party to such claim.

2.9Withholding.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Buyer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any amounts otherwise
payable to any Person pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as Buyer is required to deduct and withhold under applicable Law; provided
that prior to making any such deduction or withholding, Buyer shall (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to timely notify such
Person of the anticipated deduction and withholding and (b) cooperate with such Person in good faith to minimize the amount of the
deduction and withholding. To the extent that amounts are deducted and withheld and paid over to the relevant Governmental Body, such
deducted and withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of which
such deduction and withholding was made.

23

ARTICLE 3

CLOSING

Unless this Agreement shall
have been terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been abandoned pursuant to Article 9, and subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions set forth in Article 8, the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (the Closing) will take place remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures as soon as
practicable, but in any event within three (3) Business Days, after the last of the conditions set forth in Article 8
is satisfied or waived, other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the fulfillment
at the Closing or waiver of those conditions, or at such other date or time as the Parties shall agree in writing (the Closing
Date). The Closing shall be effective as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time on the Closing Date (the Effective
Time).

ARTICLE 4

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS

Except as set forth in the
Disclosure Schedules delivered by Sellers to Buyer on the date of this Agreement, which contain exceptions and qualifications to the representations
and warranties set forth in this Article 4, each Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer, jointly and severally, as
follows as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing:

4.1Organization
and Qualifications. Each Seller has the necessary power and authority to own, operate or lease
its properties and assets and to carry on its business, including the applicable Business, as now conducted. Each Seller is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its state of organization and has the requisite power and authority
to carry on its business, including the applicable Business, as now conducted. Each Seller is duly qualified to do business and in good
standing in each other jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned, operated or leased by it or the nature of the activities
conducted by it, including the applicable Business, make such qualification and good standing necessary, except where the failure to be
so qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

4.2Authority
and Enforceability. Each Seller has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and the other Seller Delivered Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other
Seller Delivered Documents and otherwise comply with and perform each Sellers obligations under this Agreement and the other Seller
Delivered Documents. The execution, delivery and performance by each Seller of the Seller Delivered Documents, and the consummation by
each Seller of the transactions contemplated on its part thereby, have been duly authorized by its board of directors in accordance with
the terms of its Governing Documents. No other action on the part of each Seller is necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and
performance of the Seller Delivered Documents by each Seller, or the consummation by each Seller of the transactions contemplated by the
Seller Delivered Documents. The Seller Delivered Documents will, when executed and delivered by each Seller, constitute each Sellers
valid and binding obligations enforceable against it in accordance with their terms, except (a) as such enforcement may be limited
by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other Laws and court decisions relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors
rights generally (including statutory or other Laws regarding fraudulent transfers), and (b) as to the availability of specific performance
or other equitable remedies.

24

4.3No
Violation of Laws or Agreements; Consents.

4.3.1The
execution and delivery by each Seller of the Seller Delivered Documents, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Seller
Delivered Documents, and the compliance with or fulfillment of the terms, conditions or provisions of the Seller Delivered Documents by
each Seller, do not and will not: (a) result in a violation of any provision of the Governing Documents of each Seller; (b) conflict
with, violate any provision of, result in the breach of, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation
or to a loss of a benefit under, or to increased, additional, accelerated or guaranteed rights or entitlements of any Person under any
Assumed Contract or any Assumed Lease, or create an Encumbrance on any of the Purchased Assets, other than as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Business or the Purchased Assets, taken as a whole; or (c) result
in a violation of, conflict with or constitute a default under any Law or Permit from any Governmental Body to which each Seller is subject
or by which any of the Business, Purchased Assets or Assumed Liabilities is bound or affected, or otherwise require consents, approvals,
authorizations, registrations, permits or filings by, or with, or notifications to, a Governmental Body, in each case of this clause (c),
other than (i) as may be required by the HSR Act, (ii) the Required Gaming Licenses and (iii) as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Business or the Purchased Assets, taken as a whole.

4.3.2As
of the date of this Agreement, to each Sellers Knowledge, there are no facts or circumstances with respect to Sellers or any of
their respective Affiliates or the Business that would prevent or materially delay receipt of any Gaming Licenses.

4.4Financial
Information; Internal Controls; Assumed Liabilities.

4.4.1The
Business is not a separately audited unit of Sellers. As a result, the financial statements prepared for the Business are not prepared
as part of Sellers normal reporting process. Section 4.4.1 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and complete
copy of the unaudited statements of net assets and statements of income of the Business as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2023 and December 31, 2024 (the Financial Information), which, in each case, have been compiled by management
of Sellers and derived from the books and records of Sellers. Such books and records of Sellers have been prepared in all material respects
in accordance with GAAP consistently applied through the periods covered thereby and on that basis, fairly presents in all material respects
the financial position and results of operations of Sellers as of the dates and for the periods indicated therein. The Financial Information
has been prepared in all material respects in accordance with GAAP consistently applied through the periods covered, except as disclosed
in Section 4.4.1 of the Disclosure Schedules. The Financial Information presents a reasonable view of, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Business at their respective dates and for the periods covered by such statements, subject to certain
methodologies described therein, but do not necessarily reflect what the consolidated results of operations and financial positions would
have been if the Business had been operated independently of the Retained Business during the periods presented.

4.4.2Each
Sellers system of internal controls over financial reporting is sufficient to provide reasonable assurance (i) that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements of Sellers in accordance with GAAP, (ii) that transactions
are executed only in accordance with the authorization of management and (iii) regarding the prevention or timely detection of the
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the assets of such Seller.

4.4.3The
Business does not have any obligations or liabilities of any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, except for those
obligations or liabilities (i) that are disclosed, reflected or reserved against in the most recent balance sheet included in the
Financial Information, (ii) that have been incurred in the ordinary course of business since December 31, 2024, (iii) that
are contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements, (iv) that are Excluded Liabilities, (v) for future performance
under the Assumed Contracts or (vi) that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the
Business or the Purchased Assets, taken as a whole.

25

4.5Absence
of Certain Changes or Events. Since December 31, 2024 and to the date of this Agreement
(a) there has not been any Material Adverse Effect and (b) Sellers have conducted their business only in the ordinary course
of business and have not taken any action which, if taken after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date without the prior
written consent of Buyer, would constitute a breach under clauses (a) through (h), (j), (k), (l) or
(o) (to the extent related to the foregoing clauses) of Section 6.3.

4.6Taxes.
Except as where it would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect:

4.6.1All
Tax Returns required to be filed with respect to Asset-Level Taxes have been filed in a timely manner (taking into account any applicable
extension periods) and all Asset-Level Taxes due and owing (whether or not shown on such Tax Returns) have been paid. Such Tax Returns
are true and complete in all material respects.

4.6.2There
are no Encumbrances for Taxes upon the Purchased Assets, except for Permitted Encumbrances.

4.6.3Sellers
are not currently the subject of any Tax audit or examination with respect to Asset-Level Taxes. There are no unpaid deficiencies asserted
or assessments made by any Governmental Body against or with respect to Sellers in connection with Asset-Level Taxes. No presently effective
waivers or extensions of statutes of limitation with respect to Asset-Level Taxes have been given with respect to either Seller. Neither
Seller has executed or entered into any agreement with, or obtained any consents or clearances from, any Governmental Body relating to
Asset-Level Taxes, and has not been subject to any ruling guidance related to Asset-Level Taxes. No claim has been made by a Governmental
Body in a jurisdiction where Tax Returns are not filed by or with respect to either Seller in connection with the Business or the Purchased
Assets that it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction with respect to Asset-Level Taxes.

4.6.4Sellers
have withheld and paid over to the appropriate Governmental Body all Taxes required to have been withheld and so paid over in connection
with amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, customer, member or other party, and complied with all information
reporting and backup withholding provisions of applicable Laws, in each case with respect to the ownership of the Purchased Assets or
operation of the Business.

4.6.5None
of the Purchased Assets are subject to any liabilities under escheat, abandoned property, unclaimed property or other similar Laws.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, except as provided in Section 4.14, the representations and warranties set forth in this Section 4.6
are the sole representations and warranties provided by Sellers with respect to Tax matters, and such representations and warranties (i) refer
only to the past activities of Sellers, and (ii) are not intended to serve as representations and warranties regarding, or a guarantee
of, nor can they be relied upon with respect to, Taxes or Tax assets attributable to any Post-Closing Tax Period.

26

4.7Title
to Purchased Assets; Sufficiency.

4.7.1Each
applicable Seller is the sole and exclusive owner of, and has good, valid and marketable title to or, in the case of leased Purchased
Assets, valid and subsisting leasehold interests in, all of the Purchased Assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances, except Permitted
Encumbrances. The Purchased Assets (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Intellectual Property set forth on Schedule 2.2.1(d)),
together with the rights granted to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
the Transition Services Agreement) and any other agreements to be entered into pursuant hereto or thereto, will constitute, at the Effective
Time, (a) all of the assets, properties and rights necessary to conduct the Business in substantially the same manner as the Business
is conducted as of the date hereof and immediately prior to the Effective Time, (b) all of the assets, properties and rights primarily
used or held for use by Sellers and their Affiliates in connection with the conduct of the Business, (c) all of the Intellectual
Property used or held for use by Sellers and their Affiliates in connection with the conduct of the Business and (d) are sufficient
to allow Buyer and its Affiliates to operate the Business, in all material respects, immediately following the Closing as conducted by
Sellers and their respective Affiliates as of the date hereof and immediately prior to the Effective Time.

4.7.2The
tangible assets included in the Purchased Assets are, in all material respects, in good operating condition and repair, subject to normal
wear and tear, and are useable in the ordinary course of business.

4.8Real
Property.

4.8.1Section 4.8.1
of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and complete list of each parcel of real property that is leased, subleased, licensed or
occupied by either Seller and that is used in the conduct of the Business (the Leased Real Property), and with respect
to each Leased Real Property, the address and a description of the applicable lease agreement, sublease, license or occupancy agreement,
including all amendments, modifications and supplements thereto and assignments and guarantees thereof (each, collectively, a Lease).
A Seller has a valid leasehold, subleasehold or license interest in and to each Leased Real Property, free and clear of all Encumbrances,
other than Permitted Encumbrances. With respect to each Lease: (i) each Lease is valid, binding and in full force and effect and
enforceable by the Seller that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, (ii) the applicable Seller is not in breach or default
thereunder, and no event has occurred or circumstance exists which, with the delivery of notice, passage of time or both, would constitute
such a breach or default by the applicable Seller, or permit the termination, modification or acceleration of rent under such Lease by
any counterparty thereto, (iii) to Sellers Knowledge, no counterparty to any Lease is in breach or default thereunder, and,
to Sellers Knowledge, no event has occurred or circumstance exists which, with the delivery of notice, passage of time or both,
would constitute such a breach or default by any such counterparty or permit the termination or modification thereof by the applicable
Seller, and (iv) the applicable Seller has not subleased, licensed or granted to any third party a right to use or occupy all or
any portion of the Leased Real Property demised under such Lease. Sellers have provided Buyer with a true and complete copy of each Lease.

4.8.2There
is no real property owned by Sellers or their respective Affiliates that is used in the conduct of the Business.

4.8.3Neither
Seller has received any notice of any condemnation or other proceeding in eminent domain pending or threated affecting any portion of
any Leased Real Property. Sellers have sufficient rights of access to, and sufficient utilities servicing, each Leased Real Property,
and there are no material pending or, to Sellers Knowledge, threatened Actions by any Governmental Body or any other Person to
cancel, terminate or modify such rights of access or utilities. The structural improvements at each Leased Real Property are in good working
order.

27

4.9No
Pending Litigation. There are no, and since January 1, 2022 there have been no, Actions
(excluding any inquiries, investigations or audits by any Governmental Body) pending or, to Sellers Knowledge, threatened against
or otherwise relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets that (a) challenge or seek to enjoin, alter or materially delay the
transactions contemplated hereby or (b) would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Business
or the Purchased Assets, taken as a whole. The Business is not subject to, and since January 1, 2022 has not been subject to, any
Governmental Order that (i) challenges, enjoins, alters or would reasonably be expected to materially delay the transactions contemplated
hereby or (ii) would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Business or the Purchased Assets,
taken as a whole. Neither Seller has received any written notification of any, and to each Sellers Knowledge there is no, inquiry,
investigation or audit by any Governmental Body involving the Business or the Purchased Assets, except for regular inspections in the
ordinary course of business. There is no unsatisfied judgment, penalty or award against either Seller with respect to the Business or
the Purchased Assets.

4.10Compliance
With Law. (a) Each Seller, with respect to the Business, is, and since January 1, 2022
has been, in compliance in all material respects with all Laws (including Gaming Laws) applicable to the Business, (b) neither Seller
has received any written communication or notice from a Governmental Body that alleges that the Business is not in compliance, in all
material respects, with all Laws (including Gaming Laws) applicable to the Business and (c) neither Seller, and, to Sellers
Knowledge, none of its officers, managers, directors, employees, agents or representatives, has made or provided (or committed to make
or provide) any cash payment or other monetary or non-monetary benefit to a third party as a sales or marketing incentive in connection
with the Business during the periods covered by the Financial Information.

4.11Intellectual
Property.

4.11.1Business-Utilized
Intellectual Property.

(a)Section 4.11.1(a) of
the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of (i) all Business-Utilized Owned
Intellectual Property that is subject to an application or registration with a Governmental Body (Registered Business-Utilized
Owned Intellectual Property), including, as applicable, all jurisdictions in which the Registered Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual
Property is registered or applied for, all registration and application numbers, the date filed or issued, the present status and the
registered owner (or applicant or registrant) for each registration and application, and (ii) all material unregistered Business-Utilized
Owned Intellectual Property. All application and renewal fees and other steps required for the maintenance or protection of the Registered
Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual Property have been paid on time or taken and all relevant national and international registries have
been updated to reflect the information provided in respect of such Registered Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual Property. All Registered
Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual Property is subsisting and, to Sellers Knowledge, valid and enforceable.

(b)One
or more of Sellers solely and exclusively owns all right, title and interest in and to all Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual Property,
free and clear of all Encumbrances, other than Permitted Encumbrances. There are no Actions (including for opposition, cancellation, revocation
or rectification) pending, or, to Sellers Knowledge, threatened against either Seller by any Person with respect to the ownership,
validity, enforceability, effectiveness, registration or use of the Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual Property.

(c)Sellers
use and, since January 1, 2022, have used commercially reasonable efforts in accordance with customary industry practice to protect
and maintain the confidentiality of all trade secrets included in the Business-Utilized Intellectual Property. No such trade secrets have
been disclosed to any third Person except pursuant to a valid, written non-disclosure or confidentiality agreement restricting the disclosure
and use of any such trade secrets. To Sellers Knowledge, no Person is in default or breach of such agreement.

28

(d)Any
founder, employee, director, partner, officer, contractor or third Person who, either alone or with others, creates, develops, invents
or has created, developed or invented, any Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual Property has entered into a valid and enforceable written
agreement with a Seller that obliges such employee or Person to disclose and to presently assign such Intellectual Property to Sellers
(which vests in a Seller or one of their respective Affiliates, as appropriate, exclusive ownership in such Intellectual Property). No
current or former founder, employee, director, partner, officer or contractor of either Seller has any ownership right to or in any Business-Utilized
Owned Intellectual Property.

4.11.2Business
Intellectual Property License Agreements.

(a)Section 4.11.2(a) of
the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and complete list of all Business Intellectual Property License Agreements other than any Contracts
for third-party Software that is generally, commercially available pursuant to a shrink-wrap, click-through
or similar non-exclusive license under standard, non-negotiated terms with an upfront fee of less than $100,000.

(b)With
respect to the Business Intellectual Property License Agreements:

(i)each
such agreement is a valid and binding obligation of Seller(s) and, to Sellers Knowledge, a valid and binding obligation of
each other party thereto;

(ii)Sellers
are not in breach of any Business Intellectual Property License Agreement and neither Seller has received written notice or are otherwise
aware of any event or circumstance that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a material breach or event of default
under such Business Intellectual Property License Agreement;

(iii)the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in the modification, cancellation, termination, suspension
of, or acceleration of any payments, rights, obligations or remedies with respect to any Business Intellectual Property License Agreements,
or give any non-Seller party to any Business Intellectual Property License Agreement the right to do any of the foregoing;

(iv)to
Sellers Knowledge, no counterparty to any Business Intellectual Property License Agreement is in material breach thereof; and

(v)none
are exclusive licenses.

4.11.3Non-Infringement.
To Sellers Knowledge, since January 1, 2022, there has been no infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation
and there is no infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation of any Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual Property by any
third party. Since January 1, 2022, Sellers operation of the Business has not infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise
violated and currently does not infringe, misappropriate, dilute or otherwise violate any Third-Party Intellectual Property. Sellers,
with respect to the Business, have not been sued in any Action or, since January 1, 2022, received any written communications alleging
that the Business has infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise violated any Third-Party Intellectual Property. Neither Seller,
with respect to the Business, has sued a third party in any Action or, since January 1, 2022, sent any written communications alleging
that any third party has infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise violated any Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual Property.

29

4.11.4Software.
The Business-Utilized IT Systems are sufficient in all respects for the operation of the Business as presently conducted and as presently
proposed to be conducted. Since January 1, 2022, the Business-Utilized IT Systems have not malfunctioned in any material manner,
or experienced any material failure or other recurring technical problem, downtime or interruption. The Business-Utilized IT Systems function
in compliance in all material respects with their written specifications without material defects or errors when used in accordance with
such specifications and related documentation. To Sellers Knowledge, none of the Business-Utilized IT Systems contain any (i) virus,
trojan horse, worm, bug, fault or other Software routines designed to permit unauthorized access to or disable, erase or
otherwise harm the Business-Utilized IT Systems or data contained therein, (ii) back door, time bomb, drop dead device or other Software
routine designed to disable a computer program automatically with the passage of time or under the positive control of a Person other
than the user of the program or (iii) malicious code that is intended to disrupt or disable any Business-Utilized IT Systems.

4.11.5Open
Source Software. The Business-Utilized IT Systems do not contain any Open Source Software that (i) requires the licensing, disclosure
or distribution of any source code of any Business-Utilized IT Systems, (ii) prohibits or limits the receipt of consideration in
connection with licensing, sublicensing or distributing any source code of any Business-Utilized IT Systems or (iii) requires the
granting of a license or other right under any Business-Utilized Intellectual Property.

4.12Data
Privacy and Security.

4.12.1Each
Seller is in material compliance, and since January 1, 2022, has at all times been in material compliance, with all applicable Privacy
and Data Security Requirements. Sellers have at all times obtained all rights, consents and licenses necessary to Process Personal Data
in the manner it has been Processed, is now Processed and as proposed to be Processed in the Business by any Person on their behalf.

4.12.2Sellers
have at all times maintained, and presently maintain, reasonable backup, security and disaster recovery plans, in each case, using commercially
reasonable efforts no less than industry-standard and in compliance with applicable Privacy and Data Security Requirements for the Business-Utilized
IT Systems. Since January 1, 2022, to Sellers Knowledge, there have been (i) no unauthorized access to or unauthorized
use of any Business-Utilized IT Systems and (ii) no unauthorized intrusions or breaches of security with respect to any Business-Utilized
IT Systems.

4.12.3Neither
Seller has received any subpoenas, demands, or other written notices from any Governmental Body investigating, inquiring into, or otherwise
relating to any actual or potential violation of any Privacy and Data Security Requirements, and neither Seller is under investigation
by any Governmental Body for any actual or potential violation of any Privacy and Data Security Requirements. No Person (including any
Governmental Body) has commenced any Action nor has any written notice or enforcement Action of any kind been served on, or initiated
against, either Seller under any applicable Privacy and Data Security Requirements or with respect to loss, damage or unauthorized access,
use or modification of any Personal Data by or on behalf of either Seller and, to Sellers Knowledge, there are no facts or circumstances
that could form the basis for any such claim. Since January 1, 2022, there have been no, and there are currently no pending or, to
Sellers Knowledge, threatened, fines or other penalties facing either Seller in connection with any disclosure of Personal Data
with respect to the operation of the Business or a violation of any applicable Privacy and Data Security Requirements.

4.12.4To
the extent Sellers use Personal Data as part of developing, training, operating or maintaining internal or third-party Artificial Intelligence
Tools, a record is maintained of what data is being used and has been used for these purposes. Sellers use and have used commercially
reasonable efforts (including, at a minimum, by conducting regular audits) to ensure (i) Sellers have sufficient rights in all data
Processed by Sellers Artificial Intelligence Tools and (ii) Sellers Artificial Intelligence Tools operate as intended,
in compliance with all applicable Laws and are not reasonably likely to harm or disparage Sellers or the reputation or goodwill of Sellers.
Sellers use of Artificial Intelligence Tools does not and, since January 1, 2022, has not, resulted in the unauthorized disclosure
to, or access by, any third party of Personal Data in possession of Sellers.

30

4.12.5The
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as well as any subsequent use of Personal Data in a substantially similar
manner to how such Personal Data is used by Sellers in connection with the Business immediately prior to the Closing will not breach or
otherwise cause any violation of any Privacy and Data Security Requirements.

4.13Labor
Matters.

4.13.1Section 4.13.1
of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a list of (a) the Business Employees, as well as their current (i) name, (ii) title,
(iii) exempt or non-exempt classification, (iv) current annual salary rate or current hourly wage, (v) amount of annual
bonus eligibility, commissions and other incentive compensation, (vi) work location and (vii) Leave status, including the type
of Leave and expected return date, and (b) individual independent contractors and consultants engaged by Sellers or their respective
Affiliates in connection with the Business by name. The Business Employees are sufficient to allow Buyer and its Affiliates to operate
the Business immediately following the Closing in the manner operated by Sellers as of the date hereof.

4.13.2(i) Each
Seller and its respective Affiliates is in compliance in all material respects with all Laws applicable to it respecting employment and
employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours; (ii) there is no collective bargaining agreement or
other labor-related Contract that is binding on either Seller or any of its respective Affiliates, and there is no union organizing effort
underway, pending or, to Sellers Knowledge, threatened, with respect to the Business Employees; (iii) there are no strikes,
slowdowns, lockouts or work stoppages ongoing, pending or, to Sellers Knowledge, threatened, with respect to any of the Business
Employees; and (iv) neither Seller nor any of its respective Affiliates is engaged in any unfair labor practices as defined in the
National Labor Relations Act and there is no unfair labor practice, charge or complaint against either Seller or any of its respective
Affiliates pending or, to Sellers Knowledge, threatened before the National Labor Relations Board or any similar state agency.

4.13.3Except
as required by Law, neither Seller nor any of its respective Affiliates is, with respect to the Business Employees, bound by:

(a)any
Contract that entitles a Business Employee to receive any salary continuation or severance payment (in excess of the applicable employers
standard severance policy); or

(b)any
Contract that would result in either Seller or any of its respective Affiliates to make any payment or provide any benefit, or accelerate
the payment or vesting of any compensation or benefit, to a Business Employee as a result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (whether alone or together with another event), including any change in control
provisions or agreements.

4.13.4Neither
Seller, with respect to the Business, is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other Contract with any union, labor organization
or other employee representative body, there are no such agreements or Contracts that are binding on the Business, and neither Seller,
with respect to the Business, is currently negotiating any such agreement or Contract.

31

4.13.5There
are not now, and have not been since January 1, 2022, any ongoing, pending or, to Sellers Knowledge, threatened, unfair labor
practice charges or arbitrations, lawsuits, administrative complaints, harassment complaints, or proceedings or other Actions alleging
violations of Laws relating to employment against either Seller or any of its respective Affiliates with respect to any Business Employee,
except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Business or the Purchased Assets,
taken as a whole, and there are no ongoing, pending or, to Sellers Knowledge, threatened, audits, investigations or other proceedings
related to employment or labor matters with respect to the Business.

4.14Employee
Related Agreements and Plans; ERISA.

4.14.1List
and Types of Plans. Set forth in Section 4.14.1 of the Disclosure Schedules is a true and complete list of all material
Business Benefit Plans. With respect to each material Business Benefit Plan, Sellers have made available to Buyer copies of (i) all
plan documents or, in the case of an unwritten Business Benefit Plan, a written description thereof, including all amendments thereto,
and (ii) the most recent determination or prototype opinion letter, if any, issued by the Internal Revenue Service. Each Business
Benefit Plan complies, and has been administered in accordance with, its terms and applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code and other
applicable Laws, in each case, in all material respects. No material Action is pending or, to Sellers Knowledge, threated, against
or that is related to any Business Benefit Plan (other than routine claims for benefits in the ordinary course of business).

4.14.2No
Employee Benefit Plan is, and none of Sellers nor any of its respective ERISA Affiliates contributes to, has within the past six years
contributed to, been required to contribute to or has any liability or obligation with respect to (i) a plan that is subject to Title
IV of ERISA, Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, (ii) a multiple employer plan as described
in Section 413(c) of the Code, (iii) a multiple employer welfare arrangement as defined in Section (3)(40)
of the Code, or (iv) a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) or 4001 of ERISA. No Employee Benefit Plan
provides for post-employment health or life insurance, except as required by COBRA or any similar state Law.

4.14.3Neither
the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall, either alone
or together with any other event, result in any payment or benefit made by either Seller or any of its respective Affiliates to any Business
Employee to be characterized as an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code. None of
Sellers nor any of its respective Affiliates is under any obligation to provide any gross up, indemnification, reimbursement or other
payment for any excise or additional Taxes or related interest or penalties to any Business Employee, including those imposed pursuant
to Section 409A or Section 4999 of the Code.

4.14.4Tax
Qualification. Each Employee Benefit Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and each corresponding
trust intended to be tax-exempt under Section 501(a) of the Code is the subject of a favorable determination letter issued by
the IRS. To Sellers Knowledge, no fact, event, circumstance or condition has occurred or exists that would reasonably be expected
to cause the loss of such qualified status.

4.15Environmental
Matters. (a) Each Seller, with respect to the Business, is, and since January 1, 2022
has been, in compliance in all material respects with all Environmental Laws; (b) there are no Actions pending or, to Sellers
Knowledge, threatened against Sellers, with respect to the Business, relating to or alleging a material violation of any Environmental
Law and neither Seller has received written notice of any such Action; (c) neither Seller, with respect to the Business, has handled,
disposed of, arranged for the disposal of, manufactured, distributed, exposed any Person to or Released any Hazardous Material, or owned
or operated any property or facility contaminated by any Hazardous Material, that has given rise to or would reasonably be expected to
give rise to any material liability under or pursuant to Environmental Law; (d) each Seller, with respect to the Business, holds
and is, and since January 1, 2022 has been, in compliance in all material respects with all Permits required for the operations of
the business of each Seller for owning, operating or utilizing the Purchased Assets under or pursuant to any Environmental Law; (e) neither
Seller has received, since January 1, 2022 or that otherwise remains unresolved, any written notice alleging that either Seller is
in material violation of, or has any material liability under, any Environmental Law with respect to the Business; and (f) neither
Seller has retained or assumed (either contractually or by operation of law) any liabilities, in each case that would reasonably be expected
to form the basis of any material remedial obligation or Action arising under or relating to Environmental Law against either Seller with
respect to the Business.

32

4.16Material
Contracts.

4.16.1Listing.
Section 4.16.1 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and complete list of all Contracts (including amendments thereto)
in effect as of the date hereof in the following categories (together with the Assumed Leases, the Material Contracts)
(i) relating primarily to the Business or necessary for the conduct of the Business in the manner conducted by Sellers and their
Affiliates and to which either Seller is a party or (ii) by which any of the Purchased Assets are bound:

(a)Contracts
(i) for the acquisition or disposition of (x) any business or (y) assets outside the ordinary course of business, in each
case constituting Purchased Assets or (ii) for the grant to any person of any option, right of first refusal or preferential or similar
right to acquire any of the Purchased Assets;

(b)Contracts
concerning a partnership or joint venture or similar arrangement or any other Contract involving a sharing of profits, losses, costs or
liabilities with any other Person;

(c)collective
bargaining agreements or other similar Contracts with a labor organization relating to the Business Employees;

(d)any
note, debenture, bond, equipment trust, letter of credit, capital lease obligation, loan or other Contract for the borrowing or lending
of money (other than to employees for travel expenses in the ordinary course of business) or otherwise pertaining to indebtedness or that
is a Contract for a line of credit or guarantee, pledge or undertaking of the indebtedness of any other Person in connection with the
Business (other than to or on behalf of an Affiliate of Sellers);

(e)Contracts
with a Top Customer or a Top Vendor;

(f)Contracts
with any Governmental Body;

(g)Contracts
that involve revenues or expenditures by the applicable Seller with respect to the Business in excess of $250,000 per annum (excluding
sale orders entered into in the ordinary course of business and on the Business standard terms and conditions);

(h)Contracts
involving a commitment to make any capital expenditure in excess of $50,000;

(i)Contracts
that relate to employment, compensation, severance, or consulting between a Seller (or one its Affiliates) and any of the Business Employees
who earned or was paid in excess of $100,000 annually in 2024;

33

(j)Contracts
between either Seller, on the one hand, and any other Seller or any Affiliate of either Seller, on the other hand (other than any Buyer
Benefit Plan) (Affiliate Contracts);

(k)Contracts
that require a Seller to place the source code for any Software included in the Business-Utilized Intellectual Property into a third-party
Software escrow;

(l)Contracts
containing covenants restricting or limiting the freedom of the Business to engage in any line of business, in any geographical location
or with any Person;

(m)Contracts
that (i) provide for exclusivity or any similar requirement in favor of any Person other than either Seller, (ii) contain
any non-solicitation, no-hire or similar provision or (iii) grant the other party to such Contract or
any other Person most favored nation status or similar;

(n)Contracts
containing continuing royalty, earn-out or other similar future or contingent payment obligations

(o)Contracts
that relate to the compromise or settlement of any litigation or arbitration or other proceeding involving the Business;

(p)any
hedging, swap, forward, future, interest rate, commodity or currency exchange agreement or similar hedging or derivative instrument; and

(q)Contracts
that require the Business to purchase its total requirements of any product or service from a third party or that contains take
or pay provisions.

4.16.2Status.

(a)Each
Material Contract is (i) a valid and binding obligation of Seller(s), subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent
conveyance, moratorium and other Laws of general application relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles,
and (ii) to Sellers Knowledge, a valid and binding obligation of each other party thereto.

(b)(i) Neither
Seller is in material breach of such Material Contract, and neither Seller has received written notice of any event or circumstance that,
with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a material breach or event of default under such Material Contract, and (ii) to
Sellers Knowledge, no other party to any such Material Contract is in material breach or material default under such Material Contract.

4.17Customers
and Vendors. Section 4.17 of the Disclosure Schedules contains a true and complete
list of the names of Sellers collective top customers by revenue representing, in the aggregate, 80% of the revenue of the Business
(based on revenues earned from customers during the 12-month period ended December 31, 2024) (Top Customers)
and the top vendors by expenditures representing, in the aggregate, 80% of the expenditures of the Business (based on expenditures made
to vendors during the 12-month period ended December 31, 2024) (Top Vendors). No Top Customer or Top Vendor
has as of the date of this Agreement cancelled, terminated or delivered notice to the applicable Seller that it intends to cancel or otherwise
terminate or materially modify its relationship with the applicable Seller. Neither Seller has any outstanding material dispute with any
Top Customer or Top Vendor.

34

4.18Licenses,
Permits and Authorizations. Each Seller has all of the material licenses, certificates, approvals,
clearances, exemptions, consents, filings, registrations, notifications, authorizations, franchises and permits (collectively, Permits)
from any Governmental Body necessary to permit the applicable Seller to own, operate, use and maintain the Purchased Assets and the Business
in the manner in which they are currently operated, used and maintained and all such Permits are (i) valid and in full force and
effect and (ii) set forth on Section 4.18 of the Disclosure Schedules. Each Seller is currently in compliance in all
material respects with its obligations under, and the terms of, each such Permit, and (i) no event has occurred or condition or state
of facts exists which constitutes or after notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a breach or default in any material respects
under any such Permit or which permits or, after notice or lapse of time or both, would permit revocation or termination of any such Permit,
or which would materially and adversely affect the rights of each Seller under any such Permit and (ii) no notice of cancellation,
revocation, non-renewal, or of material default concerning any such Permit has been received by the Business since January 1, 2022.

4.19Transactions
with Affiliates. There are not currently any Contracts or other business relationships between
either Seller, as it relates to the Business, on the one hand, and any Affiliate or stockholder, officer, director or employee of either
Seller, on the other hand (excluding employee compensation and other ordinary incidents of employment).

4.20Brokers.
Except for the fees and expenses of Goldman Sachs & Co., LLC, neither Seller nor any of their respective Affiliates has employed,
nor are any of them subject to any valid claim of liability or obligation to, any broker, finder, consultant or other intermediary in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement who are entitled to a fee or commission in connection therewith.

4.21Disclaimer
of Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties contained in this Article 4
(including the related portions of the Disclosure Schedules) or any certificate delivered pursuant to Section 8.3, neither
Seller nor any other Person on behalf of Sellers has made or makes any express or implied representation or warranty, either written or
oral, including any representation or warranty as to (a) the accuracy or completeness of any information regarding the Business,
the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities furnished or made available to Buyer and its representatives, (b) any information,
documents or material made available to Buyer in the internet data room associated with Project Gem (the Data
Room), in a management presentation or in any other form in expectation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (c) as
to the future revenue (including Revenues that would trigger Deferred Consideration Payments hereunder), profitability or success of the
Business, the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities, (d) the Audited Carveout Financial Statements to be completed pursuant
to Section 7.12 or (e) Sellers 2024 Audited Financials to be completed pursuant to Section 7.15, it
being understood that the foregoing clauses (d) and (e) shall not limit or otherwise modify the representations
and warranties of Sellers contained in Article 4, including Section 4.4.

4.22Sellers
Acknowledgement. SELLERS ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES BY BUYER CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER TO SELLERS
IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, THE BUSINESS, THE PURCHASED ASSETS OR THE ASSUMED LIABILITIES, INCLUDING
WITH RESPECT TO THE ACHIEVEMENT OF ANY DEFERRED CONSIDERATION PAYMENTS PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.7. SELLERS FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE
AND AGREE THAT SELLERS HAVE NOT RELIED ON ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR OTHER STATEMENT BY ANY PERSON ON BEHALF OF BUYER (OTHER THAN
THOSE SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 5 OR ANY CERTIFICATE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 8.3)
AND THAT ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED ARE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMED BY BUYER.

35

ARTICLE 5

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER

Buyer represents and warrants
to Sellers as follows as of the date of this Agreement and as of Closing:

5.1Organization.
Buyer is a Nevada corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its state of organization.

5.2Authority
and Enforceability. Buyer has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and the other Buyer Delivered Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Buyer Delivered
Documents and otherwise comply with and perform Buyers obligations under this Agreement and the other Buyer Delivered Documents.
The execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the other Buyer Delivered Documents, and the consummation by Buyer
of the transactions contemplated on its part thereby, have been duly authorized by its board of directors in accordance with the terms
of its Governing Documents. No other action on the part of Buyer is necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement or the other Buyer Delivered Documents by Buyer or the consummation by Buyer of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or the other Buyer Delivered Documents. The Buyer Delivered Documents will, when executed and delivered by Buyer, constitute Buyers
valid and binding obligations enforceable against Buyer in accordance with their terms, except (i) as such enforcement may be limited
by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other Laws and court decisions relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors
rights generally (including statutory or other Laws regarding fraudulent transfers), and (ii) as to the availability of specific
performance or other equitable remedies.

5.3No
Violation of Laws; Consents. Neither the execution and delivery by Buyer of this Agreement or
the other Buyer Delivered Documents, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Buyer Delivered Documents,
nor the compliance with or fulfillment of the terms, conditions or provisions of this Agreement or the other Buyer Delivered Documents
by Buyer will: (a) result in a violation of any provision of the Governing Documents of Buyer; (b) conflict with, violate any
provision of, result in the breach of, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or to a
loss of a benefit under, or to increased, additional, accelerated or guaranteed rights or entitlements of any Person under any material
Contract of Buyer; or (c) result in a violation, conflict with or constitute a default under any Law or Permit from any Governmental
Body to which Buyer is subject or by which, to Buyers knowledge, any of asset of Buyer is bound or affected, or otherwise require
consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations, permits or filings by, or with, a Governmental Body, except in the case of clauses (b) and
(c), (i) as may be required by (x) the HSR Act, (y) the rules or regulations of any applicable securities exchange
or listing authority or (z) the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, (ii) the Required Gaming Licenses and (iii) to the
extent that any such violation would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of Buyer to fulfill its
obligations under this Agreement.

5.4No
Pending Litigation or Proceedings. No Action is pending or, to the knowledge of Buyer, threatened
against Buyer that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of Buyer to fulfill its obligations under
this Agreement. Neither Buyer nor any of its Affiliates owns, controls or operates (or holds equity in any Person that owns, controls,
or operates) (i) a charitable gaming business or (ii) a business that plans to enter charitable gaming (other than through the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement).

5.5Brokers.
Except for the fees and expenses of Jarden Australia Pty Limited, neither Buyer nor any of its Affiliates has employed, nor is any
of them subject to any valid claim of liability or obligation to, any broker, finder, consultant or other intermediary in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement who are entitled to a fee or commission in connection therewith.

36

5.6Financial
Ability; Solvency.

5.6.1Buyer
has sufficient cash funds or existing credit facilities with availability for the satisfaction of all of its obligations under this Agreement,
including the payment of the Purchase Price and the payment of all associated costs and expenses. Buyer acknowledges and agrees that its
obligations under this Agreement are not subject to any financing condition.

5.6.2Immediately
after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Buyer will be solvent and will: (a) be able to pay its debts
as they become due; (b) own property that has a fair saleable value greater than the amounts required to pay its debts (including
a reasonable estimate of the amount of all contingent liabilities); and (c) have adequate capital to carry on its business. No transfer
of property is being made and no obligation is being incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with
the intent to hinder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors of Buyer or the Business. In connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, Buyer has not incurred, nor plans to incur, debts beyond its ability to pay as they become absolute and matured.

5.7Independent
Evaluation. Buyer has conducted its own independent investigation,
review and analysis of the Business, results of operations, prospects, condition (financial or otherwise) and Purchased Assets and Assumed
Liabilities, and acknowledges that it has been provided adequate access to the personnel, properties, assets, premises, books and records,
and other documents and data of the Business for such purpose. Buyer acknowledges and agrees that: (a) in making its decision to
enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Buyer has relied solely upon its own
investigation and the express representations and warranties of Sellers set forth in Article 4(including
the related portions of the Disclosure Schedules) and any certificate delivered pursuant to Section 8.3;
and (b) neither Seller nor any other Person has made any representation or warranty as to Sellers, the Purchased Assets, the Assumed
Liabilities or this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, except as expressly set forth in Article 4 (including
the related portions of the Disclosure Schedules) or other Seller Delivered Documents. The foregoing shall not limit any right or remedy
of Buyer with respect to any claim for Fraud with respect to the making of the representations and warranties of Sellers set forth in
Article 4(including the related portions of the Disclosure Schedules) or any
certificate delivered pursuant to Section 8.3.

5.8Disclaimer
of Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties contained in this Article 5
(including the related portions of the Disclosure Schedules) or any certificate delivered pursuant to Section 8.3, none of
Buyer or any other Person on behalf of Buyer has made or makes any express or implied representation or warranty, either written or oral,
including any representation or warranty as to (a) the accuracy or completeness of any information furnished or made available to
Sellers and their representatives regarding Buyer, the operation of the Business following the Closing or the treatment of the Purchased
Assets or the Assumed Liabilities following the Closing, (b) any information, documents or material made available to Sellers in
expectation of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (c) as to the future revenue (including Revenues that would trigger Deferred
Consideration Payments hereunder), profitability or success of the Business, the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities, including
with respect to the achievement of any Deferred Consideration Payments pursuant to Section 2.7.

37

5.9Buyer
Acknowledgement. BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES BY SELLERS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS TO BUYER
IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, THE BUSINESS, THE PURCHASED ASSETS OR THE ASSUMED LIABILITIES. BUYER
FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT BUYER HAS NOT RELIED ON ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR OTHER STATEMENT BY ANY PERSON ON BEHALF OF
SELLERS (OTHER THAN THOSE SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 4 OR ANY CERTIFICATE DELIVERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 8.3)
AND THAT ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED ARE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMED BY SELLERS.

ARTICLE 6

AGREEMENTS PENDING CLOSING

6.1Access
to Information. Subject to the terms of the Nondisclosure Agreement by and between Light &
Wonder, Inc. and Grover Gaming, Inc., effective as of June 27, 2024 (the Confidentiality Agreement),
during the period beginning on the date hereof through and including the earlier of (a) the date this Agreement is terminated in
accordance with Section 9.1 and (b) the Closing Date, Sellers shall permit the officers, employees and authorized representatives
of Buyer to have reasonable access during normal business hours, upon reasonable advance written notice and at agreed upon times, to the
offices, properties, senior managers and employees of the Business and the Contracts, books and records and other documents, data and
information of the Business, to the extent Buyer shall reasonably deem necessary or desirable in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby, including for purposes of completing the accounting review procedures and other actions contemplated by Section 8.1.7,
and shall furnish to Buyer or its authorized representatives such financial, operating and other information concerning Sellers or the
Business as shall be reasonably requested; provided, however, that (a) Sellers shall not be required to disclose any
information if such disclosure would result in a waiver of either Sellers, or any of their respective Affiliates, attorney-client
privilege or any similar protection or violate any obligation of confidentiality to which it or any of its Affiliates is subject; (b) violate
any Law applicable to either Seller or the Business and (c) such investigation shall be conducted in such a manner so as not to interfere
unreasonably with the business or operations of Sellers, or any of their respective Affiliates. If any information is withheld by Sellers
pursuant to the immediately preceding proviso, Sellers shall inform Buyer as to the general nature of what is being withheld and use commercially
reasonable efforts to seek an alternative means to provide Buyer (including through its authorized representatives) with access to the
withheld information in a manner that does not result in any such waiver or violation. If so requested by either Buyer or Sellers, each
non-requesting Party and its Affiliates shall enter into a customary joint defense agreement with the requesting Party with respect to
any information to be provided to the requesting Party pursuant to this Section 6.1.

6.2Notice
of Certain Events. Without limiting the foregoing,
each Party shall promptly notify the other Party of (a) any Action that is instituted or threatened against such Party to restrain,
prohibit or otherwise challenge the legality of any transaction contemplated by this Agreement, and each Party shall promptly notify the
other Parties of any Action that may be threatened or asserted in writing, brought or commenced against either Seller or Buyer, as the
case may be, that would have been required to be disclosed under Section 4.9 or Section 5.4, as the case may be,
if such Action had arisen prior to the date hereof and (b) any material fact, circumstance, event, change, effect or occurrence that,
individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in or would reasonably be expected to give rise to a failure of a condition precedent in
Section 8.1 (in the case of Sellers) and Section 8.2 (in the case of Buyer); provided, however,
that no notification pursuant to this Section 6.2 shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of
the Parties herein (or remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions to the obligations of the Parties hereunder.

38

6.3Operations
Prior to Closing Date.

6.3.1Between
the date of this Agreement and the Closing, unless Buyer otherwise agrees in writing, Sellers will cause the Business to be conducted
in the ordinary course of business and will use commercially reasonable efforts to (x) keep and maintain the Business and the Purchased
Assets (including maintaining the tangible Purchased Assets in good operating condition and repair), normal wear and tear excepted, and
(y) maintain the relationships with employees, customers, distributors, suppliers and other Persons having dealings with the Business
in the ordinary course of business. Except (i) as set forth on Schedule 6.3, (ii) as otherwise expressly contemplated
or expressly permitted by this Agreement or (iii) with the consent of Buyer (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed), from and after the date of this Agreement until the Closing, Sellers will not take or permit any action that would cause
any of the changes, events or conditions described below to occur, nor enter into any agreement to perform any such action:

(a)mortgage,
pledge or subject to any Encumbrance, other than Permitted Encumbrances, any of the Purchased Assets;

(b)other
than in the ordinary course of business, sell, lease, transfer, convey, assign, license, allow to lapse (other than upon expiration of
the term thereof, if applicable), abandon or otherwise dispose of any of the Purchased Assets (other than Business-Utilized Intellectual
Property, which is addressed in Section 6.3.1(c), (d), (e) and (f) below) or any other rights,
properties or assets (including Permits) that are material to the Business;

(c)other
than in the ordinary course of business, sell, transfer, convey, assign, license or sublicense (other than non-exclusive licenses granted
in the ordinary course of business), or otherwise dispose of or place an Encumbrance upon any material Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual
Property;

(d)other
than (x) in the ordinary course of business or (y) at the end of the applicable statutory term, fail to pay any issuance, renewal,
maintenance and other payments that become due with respect to any Registered Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual Property or otherwise
abandon, cancel, or allow to lapse any material Business-Utilized Owned Intellectual Property;

(e)disclose
to any third party any trade secret included in the Business-Utilized Intellectual Property other than (x) pursuant to a non-disclosure
agreement restricting the disclosure and use of such trade secret or (y) in connection with any regulatory filing or any publication
of any patent application;

(f)other
than in the ordinary course of business, enter into any Contract under which either Seller or any Affiliate of either Seller grants or
agrees to grant any right, or agrees to pay any royalties or similar obligations, with respect to any Business-Utilized Intellectual Property;

(g)with
respect to the Business, purchase or acquire, directly or indirectly (including by merger, consolidation or acquisition of stock or assets
or any other business combination), any corporation, partnership, other business organization or division thereof, or any assets or properties
of any of the foregoing, except for acquisitions in the ordinary course of business of assets used in the operation or conduct of the
Business;

(h)other
than with respect to New Installation and Replacement Activities contemplated by Section 6.5, make any capital expenditures
or commitments therefor in respect of the Business that, individually, are in excess of $50,000 or, in the aggregate, are in excess of
$250,000;

39

(i)(a) (1) accelerate,
modify, amend or terminate, or grant any consent or waiver under, any Business Intellectual Property License Agreement, Material Contract
or any Lease that is subject to an Ancillary Agreement, in each case, in a manner that would be adverse to the applicable Seller or the
Business or (2) extend or renew the term of any Assumed Lease on terms that are materially inconsistent with the terms of such Assumed
Lease as of the date of this Agreement, (b) enter into any Contract that would be a Material Contract if in effect on the date hereof
under clauses (a), (b), (c), (f), (g), (m), (n) or (o) of Section 4.16
or (c) subject to the immediately preceding clause (b), enter into any Contract that would be a Material Contract if
in effect on the date hereof outside of the ordinary course of business;

(j)except
as otherwise required by applicable Law or the terms of Business Benefit Plans as in effect on the date hereof, (A) enter into, negotiate,
terminate, adopt or amend any Business Benefit Plan or any collective bargaining agreement or other labor-related Contract applicable
to any Business Employee, (B) increase the compensation or benefits of any Business Employee other than in the ordinary course of
business related to annual merit, hiring agreements, or substantial scope of work changes, such as promotion, in each case, for Business
Employees with annualized base compensation of less than $50,000, (C) grant or increase any change in control, retention, transaction
or similar compensation or benefit with respect to any Business Employee or individual service provider of the Business, (D) accelerate
the vesting or payment of benefits to any Business Employee under any Business Benefit Plan (other than accelerating vesting under Sellers
401(k) Plan) or (E) hire, engage the services of, promote or terminate any Business Employee, other than (x) terminations
for cause (as determined by Sellers in their reasonable discretion) or (y) hiring or engaging a Business Employee to
fill a position open as of the date hereof and disclosed to Buyer or to replace a Business Employee who departs after the date hereof,
in each case, in the ordinary course of business and at a similar level of compensation as was provided to the departed employee;

(k)make
any change in any accounting methods, principles or practices (including for Tax purposes) of the Business, except as required by applicable
Law or Governmental Body;

(l)adopt
a plan or agreement of complete or partial liquidation or dissolution, or dissolve, merge or consolidate with any other Person;

(m)settle
or compromise any Action, or enter into any consent decree or settlement agreement with any Governmental Body, binding on to the Business,
other than settlements or compromises of any Action (1) in the ordinary course of business, (2) where the amount paid in settlement
or compromise does not exceed $100,000 individually or $100,000 in the aggregate (excluding any amounts covered by insurance or amounts
either Seller agrees to pay) and (3) that do not impose any non-de minimis injunctive or other equitable relief or operating
restrictions, admissions of wrongdoing or other obligations upon the Business or the Purchased Assets (other than customary confidentiality,
release and non-disparagement obligations);

(n)accelerate
or delay (x) collection of any accounts receivable in advance of or beyond its due date or (y) payment of any account payable
in advance of or beyond its due date, in each case other than in the ordinary course of business; or

40

(o)authorize,
agree, commit or propose to take (whether in writing or otherwise) any of the actions referred to in this Section 6.3.

6.4Efforts.

6.4.1Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Party hereto shall, as promptly as practicable, use reasonable
best efforts to (a) cause the conditions to the Closing set forth in this Agreement to be satisfied as promptly as practicable, (b) obtain,
or cause to be obtained, all consents, authorizations, orders, approvals, waivers and findings of suitability from, or actions or nonactions
by, and to give any notices to, any Governmental Body, including any Gaming Licenses and all necessary consents, approvals, waivers, and
clearance required under the HSR Act and other Antitrust Laws with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or any
third party that may be or become necessary in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
(c) execute and deliver any additional instruments necessary to consummate the transactions to be performed or consummated by such
Party in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and to carry out fully the purposes of this Agreement. Each Party shall cooperate
fully with the other Party and the other Partys Affiliates in promptly seeking to obtain all such consents, authorizations, orders
and approvals. The Parties shall not willfully take any action that will have the effect of delaying, impairing or impeding the receipt
of any required consents, authorizations, orders, approvals, waivers and findings of suitability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Agreement, in no event shall Buyer or its Affiliates have any obligation to (i) pay or commit to pay any amount or incur
any obligation or grant any concession or accommodation (financial or otherwise) in favor of any third party, (ii) offer, agree to
or accept any requirement to divest or hold separate or in trust, or the imposition of any other material condition or restriction with
respect to, any of Buyer, its Affiliates or the Business respective businesses, assets or properties (including the Purchased
Assets) or (iii) commence or participate in any Action, in each case, in order to obtain any such consent, authorization, order,
approval, waiver, finding of suitability, action, nonaction or clearance.

6.4.2Without
limiting the generality of Section 6.4.1, within twenty-five (25) Business Days following the execution of this Agreement,
each Party shall file or cause to be filed with the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the United States
Department of Justice (DOJ), the Premerger Notification and Report Form required for the transactions contemplated
hereby pursuant to the HSR Act. Each Party will use its respective reasonable best efforts to promptly respond to all requests from any
Governmental Body or Person pursuant to the HSR Act or any other applicable Law relating to competition, merger control, or antitrust
(together with the HSR Act, Antitrust Laws) as soon as practicable. The Parties will each furnish to the other such
information as either may reasonably request to make such filings. The Buyer will be responsible for paying any filing fees with respect
to such filings under the HSR Act and, if applicable, other Antitrust Laws. The Parties will each promptly inform the other of any material
communication made to, or received by it from, the FTC or DOJ with respect to the HSR filings or such communications in connection with
any other Governmental Body or Person. Buyer and Sellers shall be mutually responsible for (i) all substantive communications with
any applicable Governmental Body or Person; and (ii) all strategic and timing decisions regarding the HSR Act and other applicable
Antitrust Laws approvals, inquiries, investigations, or lawsuits, but if there is a disagreement about antitrust strategy, then Buyers
decision shall control.

6.4.3To
the extent practicable, all analyses, appearances, meetings, discussions, presentations, memoranda, briefs, filings, arguments, and proposals
made by or on behalf of any Party before any Governmental Body or the staff or regulators of any Governmental Body, in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including any interactions between Sellers, or any
of their respective Affiliates with Governmental Bodies in the ordinary course of business, any disclosure which is not permitted by Law,
or any disclosure containing confidential information) shall be disclosed to the other Party hereunder in advance of any filing, submission
or attendance, it being the intent that the Parties will consult and cooperate with one another, and consider in good faith the views
of one another, in connection with any such analyses, appearances, meetings, discussions, presentations, memoranda, briefs, filings, arguments,
and proposals. Each Party shall, to the extent practicable, give notice to the other Party with respect to any meeting, discussion, appearance
or contact with any Governmental Body or the staff or regulators of any Governmental Body, with such notice, to the extent practicable,
being sufficient to provide the other Party with the opportunity to attend and participate in such meeting, discussion, appearance or
contact.

41

6.4.4Each
Party shall not, nor shall it permit its Affiliates to, acquire or agree to acquire any rights, assets, business, person or division thereof
(through acquisition, license, joint venture, collaboration or otherwise), if such acquisition could reasonably be expected to materially
delay obtaining or materially increase the risk of not obtaining any clearance, consent, approval or waiver under the HSR Act and any
other Antitrust Laws applicable to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise prevent the conditions set forth in Sections 8.1.3,
8.1.5, 8.2.3 and 8.2.4 from being satisfied by the Outside Date.

6.5New
Installation and Replacement Activities. On or prior to March 15, 2025, Sellers shall prepare
and provide to Buyer a schedule setting forth in reasonable detail the New Installation and Replacement Activities conducted on and after
January 1, 2025 and prior to March 1, 2025, together with the New Installation and Replacement Activity Reimbursement Costs
associated therewith. Sellers shall update such schedule on a monthly basis and within the first ten (10) Business Days of each month
following the date hereof to reflect New Installation and Replacement Activities conducted on and after March 1, 2025 and prior to
the Closing together with New Installation and Replacement Activity Reimbursement Costs associated therewith. At least five (5) Business
Days prior to the Closing, Sellers shall update such schedule (the Final Schedule 6.5) to reflect only New Installation
and Replacement Activities conducted from and after January 1, 2025 and prior to the Closing together with New Installation and Replacement
Activity Reimbursement Costs associated therewith. At the Closing, Buyer shall reimburse Sellers for all New Installation and Replacement
Activity Reimbursement Costs set forth on the Final Schedule 6.5 consistent with the methodology and calculations set forth on Schedule 1.1(d).

6.6No
Solicitation. Until the earlier of (a) the Closing and (b) the termination of this
Agreement in accordance with Section 9.1, neither Seller shall, and Sellers shall cause their respective Affiliates and representatives
not to, (i) initiate, solicit or knowingly encourage (including by way of furnishing information regarding the Business or the Purchased
Assets) the making or submission of any proposal concerning the sale of all or any part of the Business or the Purchased Assets (whether
by way of merger, purchase of capital stock, purchase of assets or otherwise) (a Competing Transaction) or (ii) hold
any discussions or enter into any agreements with, or provide any information or respond to, any third party concerning a proposed Competing
Transaction or cooperate in any way with, agree to, assist or participate in, solicit, consider, entertain, facilitate or encourage any
effort or attempt by any third party to do or seek any of the foregoing. Sellers shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates and
representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated all existing discussions or negotiations with any Persons conducted prior
to the execution of this Agreement by Sellers or any of their Affiliates or representatives with respect to any Competing Transaction,
request the prompt return or destruction of all confidential information previously furnished and terminate access to any electronic data
rooms related to a potential Competing Transaction previously granted to any such Persons. Sellers shall promptly, and in any event within
24 hours of the receipt thereof, advise Buyer in writing of any proposal for a Competing Transaction, the financial and other material
terms and conditions of any such proposal (including any changes thereto) and the identity of the Person or Persons making any such proposal.

42

ARTICLE 7

OTHER AGREEMENTS

7.1Tax
Matters.

7.1.1Straddle
Period Taxes. In the case of any Straddle Period, (i) all real property Taxes, personal property Taxes, or ad valorem obligations
and similar recurring Taxes and fees, and all other Taxes that are imposed on a periodic basis, that are Asset-Level Taxes shall be prorated
between Buyer and Sellers on a per diem basis and (ii) all Taxes measured by income, gross receipts or sales, and all other
Taxes that are not imposed on a periodic basis, that are Asset-Level Taxes shall be allocated between Buyer and Sellers based on an interim
closing of the books, in each case, as of the close of business on the Closing Date. Sellers shall be responsible for all such Asset-Level
Taxes accruing during any Pre-Closing Tax Period. Buyer shall be responsible for all such Asset-Level Taxes accruing during any Post-Closing
Tax Period. With respect to taxes described in this Section 7.1.1, Sellers shall timely file all Tax Returns due before the
Closing Date with respect to such Asset-Level Taxes and Buyer shall prepare and timely file all Tax Returns due after the Closing Date
with respect to such Asset-Level Taxes. If one party remits to the appropriate Governmental Body payment for Taxes, which are subject
to proration under this Section 7.1.1 and such payment includes the other partys share of such Taxes, such other party
shall promptly, and in any event within thirty (30) days of receipt of notification from the remitting party, reimburse the remitting
party for its share of such Taxes.

7.1.2Assistance
and Cooperation. After the Closing Date, Seller and Buyer shall provide each other with such assistance as may be reasonably requested
in connection with the preparation of any Tax Return, any audit or other examination by any Governmental Body, or any judicial or administrative
proceeding, in each case relating to Asset-Level Taxes. The Party requesting assistance hereunder shall reimburse the other for reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in providing such requested assistance.

7.1.3Transfer
Taxes. All federal, state, local, foreign and other transfer, sales, use or similar Taxes applicable to, imposed upon or arising out
of the transfer of the Purchased Assets, or assumption of the Assumed Liabilities, pursuant to this Agreement or any other transaction
contemplated by this Agreement, if any (Transfer Taxes), shall be borne fifty percent (50%) by Buyer and fifty percent
(50%) by Sellers. Buyer and Sellers shall reasonably cooperate to (a) minimize or eliminate any Transfer Taxes and (b) prepare
and timely file any Tax Return or other document with respect to Transfer Taxes or fees.

7.1.4Purchase
Price Allocation. The Purchase Price (including any Assumed Liabilities and any other items properly treated as consideration for
the Purchased Assets for Tax purposes) shall be allocated among the Purchased Assets in accordance with the methodology set forth on Schedule 7.1.4
(the Allocation Methodology). Within one hundred eighty (180) days after the Closing Date, Buyer will deliver
to Sellers a schedule allocating the Purchase Price (including any Assumed Liabilities and any other items properly treated as consideration
for the Purchased Assets for Tax purposes) among the Purchased Assets for all Tax purposes (the Allocation Schedule).
The Allocation Schedule shall be prepared in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code and the Allocation Methodology. The Allocation
Schedule shall be deemed final unless Sellers notify Buyer in writing that Sellers object to one or more items reflected in the Allocation
Schedule within seventy-five (75) days after delivery of the Allocation Schedule to Sellers (the Objections).
In the event of any Objections, Sellers and Buyer shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such dispute (any such resolution shall be
final, binding and non-appealable on the Parties); provided, however, that if Sellers and Buyer are unable to
resolve any dispute with respect to the Allocation Schedule within thirty (30) days of any such Objections (the Review
Period), such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with Section 7.1.5. Buyer shall revise the Allocation Schedule
as necessary to reflect adjustments to the Purchase Price required by this Agreement, which Buyer shall deliver to Sellers within thirty
(30) days following the date of such adjustment, and which shall be subject to Sellers review and comment and subject to the
dispute resolution mechanism set forth in the immediately preceding sentence. The Allocation Schedule, as finalized pursuant to this Section 7.1.4
shall be binding and non-appealable upon the Parties hereto and their respective Affiliates. Sellers (or their Affiliates) and Buyer agree
to file all Tax Returns (including their respective IRS Forms 8594, if applicable) in accordance with the Allocation Schedule, as finalized
pursuant to this Section 7.1.4, and to not take any action inconsistent with the Allocation Schedule, as finalized pursuant
to this Section 7.1.4, unless otherwise required by a Governmental Body or by a determination within the meaning
of Section 1313 of the Code. If any Governmental Body disputes the Allocation Schedule (or any revision thereto), the Party hereto
receiving notice of the dispute shall promptly notify the other Party hereto of such dispute, and the Parties hereto shall cooperate in
good faith in responding to such dispute in order to preserve the effectiveness of the Allocation Schedule; provided that in the
case of any such dispute brought by a Governmental Body, each Party is permitted to adopt their own positions as set forth in Section 7.1.5.

43

7.1.5If
at the end of the Review Period there are any unresolved Objections, Seller and Buyer shall be entitled to adopt their own positions with
respect to all items reflected in the Allocation Schedule and to file all Tax Returns (including their respective IRS Forms 8594, if applicable)
in accordance with such positions. For purposes of any IRS Form 8594 completed by the Parties, the first question of Part II,
line 5 shall be checked No and the second question shall be left blank.

7.1.6Characterization
of Payments. The Parties agree to treat any and all payments pursuant to Sections 2.6, 2.7, 10.2 and 10.3
as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for all Tax purposes, unless otherwise required by a final determination under Section 1313(a) of
the Code (or any similar provision of applicable Law).

7.2Employees
and Employee Benefit Plans.

7.2.1Buyer
will give Qualifying Offers of employment to each of the Business Employees (including Business Employees who are receiving short-term
disability benefits or are on family and medical, medical/long-term disability, administrative or military leave or any other type of
approved leave that entitles such Business Employee to reinstatement upon completion of such leave under the applicable leave policies
of Sellers or as otherwise required by Law (collectively Leave)) at least five (5) Business Days prior to the
anticipated Closing Date or a later date approved by Sellers in writing, provided, however, that any offer to a Business
Employee who is on Leave will be made when such Business Employee returns to work; provided that such return is within one hundred
twenty (120) days after the Closing Date and shall be for employment commencing at such time as such Business Employee returns to
work and on the terms set forth in clauses (i)-(iv) of this Section 7.2.1 as such terms were provided by
Sellers immediately prior to the commencement of such Business Employees leave. As used herein, a Qualifying Offer
means an offer by Buyer to continue employment of each such Business Employee commencing at the Closing (i) at a level of base pay
at least equal to such employees base pay in effect immediately prior to the Closing Date, (ii) at a level of incentive compensation
opportunity at least equal to such employees incentive compensation opportunity in effect immediately prior to the Closing Date,
(iii) with, as applicable, (x) an initial primary work location within a thirty (30) mile radius from such employees
primary work location immediately prior to the Closing Date with respect to each employee who has a primary work location or (y) substantially
the same assigned territory as assigned to such employee immediately prior to the Closing Date, and (iv) with other compensation
and employee benefits substantially comparable in the aggregate to the other compensation and employee benefits (other than severance,
long-term incentives, equity or equity-based incentives, one-time or non-recurring payments or benefits, defined benefit pension benefits
and retiree medical, health or welfare benefits) provided to such Business Employee immediately prior to the Closing Date. All Qualifying
Offers of employment made by Buyer pursuant to this Section 7.2.1 will be made in accordance with all applicable Laws and
will be conditioned on the occurrence of the Closing. Each Business Employee who is given a Qualifying Offer, who accepts an offer of
employment from Buyer pursuant to this Section 7.2.1 and who becomes an employee of Buyer is referred to herein as a Transferred
Employee and the time such individual becomes an employee of Buyer is referred to herein as the Transfer Time.

44

7.2.2Except
to the extent prohibited by applicable Law, on, or as soon as practicable following, the Closing Date, Sellers shall, or shall cause their
respective Affiliates to make a cash payment to each Transferred Employee in respect of his or her unused vacation and paid time-off accrued
as of immediately prior to the Closing Date, such that Buyer shall not assume as of the Closing Date any liabilities for unpaid, accrued
vacation of any Transferred Employee. Effective upon the applicable Transfer Time, (i) each Transferred Employee will be subject
to Buyers paid time-off policy and (ii) Buyer will cooperate with such Transferred Employee to honor scheduled time-off that
will occur after the Closing Date and that, prior to the Transfer Time, was communicated to and approved by Sellers, if applicable, subject
to the terms of Buyers paid time-off policy.

7.2.3Upon
the Closing, Sellers and their respective Affiliates will terminate the employment of all Transferred Employees with Sellers and
their respective Affiliates. On and after the Transfer Time, Buyer will be solely responsible for any and all Losses related to any Transferred
Employees employment with Buyer or any of its Affiliates, and Buyer shall indemnify and hold harmless Sellers from and against
any such Losses.

7.2.4For
a period ending no earlier than the first anniversary of the Closing Date, Buyer agrees to provide Transferred Employees (i) a level
of base pay at least equal to such employees base pay in effect immediately prior to the Closing Date, (ii) a level of incentive
compensation opportunity in each case at least equal to such employees incentive compensation opportunity in effect immediately
prior to the Closing Date, (iii) with, as applicable, (x) a primary work location within a thirty (30) mile radius from
such employees primary work location immediately prior to the Closing Date, with respect to each employee who has a primary work
location or (y) substantially the same assigned territory as assigned to such employee immediately prior to the Closing Date, and
(iv) with other compensation and employee benefits that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to the other compensation and
employee benefits (other than severance, long-term incentives, equity or equity-based incentives, one-time or non-recurring payments or
benefits, defined benefit pension benefits and retiree medical, health or welfare benefits) provided to such Business Employee immediately
prior to the Closing Date.

7.2.5Without
limiting any other provision of this Agreement, Buyer agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Transferred Employees who
agree to employment with Buyer after the Closing Date credit for their length of service with Sellers, Buyer and Buyers Affiliates,
for all purposes under each benefit plan of Buyer or its Affiliates in which the Transferred Employees participate (each, a Buyer
Benefit Plan) (except for the purposes of benefit accruals under a defined benefit plan of Buyer or to the extent it would
result in a duplication of benefits), including determining eligibility to participate in, vesting of, and entitlement to, such benefits.
In addition, Buyer agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that Transferred Employees who agree to employment with Buyer
after the Closing Date receive credit for all purposes under Buyers welfare benefit plans for any deductibles, co-payments or similar
out-of-pocket payments paid by such Transferred Employees and their dependents for the calendar year in which the Closing Date occurs
under the analogous welfare plan maintained by Sellers or their respective Affiliates. Without limiting the foregoing, for purposes of
each Buyer Benefit Plan providing medical, dental, prescription drug and/or vision benefits to any Transferred Employee, Buyer shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause all pre-existing condition exclusions, actively-at-work requirements and waiting periods of such
Buyer Benefit Plan to be waived for such Transferred Employee and his or her covered dependents, to the extent any such exclusions or
requirements were waived or were inapplicable under the analogous Business Benefit Plan immediately prior to the Closing Date.

45

7.2.6Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall provide to each Transferred Employee whose employment is terminated by Buyer or
its Affiliates without cause (as determined by Buyer in its sole discretion) after the Transfer Time and on or before the one (1) year
anniversary of the Closing Date, with a severance payment equal to no less than four (4) weeks of such Transferred Employees
base salary or regular hourly wage as in effect immediately prior to the Closing Date (or any higher amount as in effect thereafter).
Buyer shall retain all liability for severance pay and similar obligations payable to any such Transferred Employee who is terminated
by Buyer after Closing.

7.2.7Effective
as of or as soon as administratively practicable following the Closing, Buyer shall cause a tax-qualified defined contribution plan established
or designated by Buyer or any of its Affiliates (Buyers 401(k) Plan) to accept rollover contributions
from the Transferred Employees of any account balances distributed to them by the existing tax-qualified defined contribution plan established
or designated by Sellers (Sellers 401(k) Plan) if so directed by such applicable Transferred Employee.
Buyer shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, allow any such Transferred Employees outstanding plan loan under Sellers
401(k) Plan to be rolled into Buyers 401(k) Plan. The distribution and rollover described herein shall comply with applicable
Laws, and Buyer and Sellers shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, make all filings and take any actions required of each
such person by applicable Laws in connection therewith.

7.2.8Buyer
will be solely responsible for any actions taken by Buyer or any of its Affiliates after Closing that results in a mass layoff
or plant closing under the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (the WARN Act), exclusive
of any employment losses, as defined under the WARN Act, effected by Sellers on or before the Closing Date.

7.2.9This
Section 7.2 shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each of the Parties, and nothing in this Section 7.2,
express or implied, shall confer upon any other Person any rights or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Section 7.2.
Nothing contained herein, express or implied, shall be construed to establish, amend or modify any compensation or benefit plan, program,
policy, practice, agreement or arrangement. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the terms set forth in this Section 7.2
shall not create any right in any Business Employee or any other Person to any continued employment with either Seller, Buyer or any of
their respective Affiliates or compensation or benefits of any nature or kind whatsoever or otherwise limit the ability of Buyer or any
of its Affiliates to terminate the employment of any Transferred Employee. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer upon any
Person (nor any beneficiary thereof) any rights under or with respect to any plan, program, policy, practice, agreement or arrangement
described in or contemplated by this Agreement, and each Person (and any beneficiary thereof) shall be entitled to look only to the express
terms of any such plan, program, policy, practice, agreement or arrangement for his or her rights thereunder.

7.3No
Public Announcement; Contact with Business Suppliers and Customers; Confidentiality.

7.3.1Sellers
and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and Buyer and its Affiliates, on the other hand, each shall (a) consult with each
other before issuing any press release or otherwise making any public statement with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (b) provide to the other Party for review a copy of any such press release or public statement and (c) not issue
any such press release or make any such public statement prior to such consultation and review and the receipt of the prior consent of
the other Party to this Agreement (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), unless required by applicable
Law or regulations of any applicable stock exchange, in which case, the Party required to issue the press release or make the public statement
shall, prior to issuing such press release or making such public statement, use its commercially reasonable efforts to allow the other
Party reasonable time to comment on such release or statement to the extent practicable. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to
the contrary, nothing in this Section 7.3.1 shall, following the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 9.1,
limit any Partys right to make public statements about its actions under Section 9.1 without prior consultation with
the other Party.

46

7.3.2Prior
to Closing, Buyer shall not, and shall instruct its representatives and advisors to not, contact any supplier or customer of either Seller
or the Business regarding or in any way relating to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement without the prior written approval
of the applicable Seller (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

7.3.3The
Parties acknowledge that Light & Wonder, Inc. and Grover Gaming, Inc. have previously executed the Confidentiality
Agreement and that, effective as of the Closing, the confidentiality and use restrictions in the Confidentiality Agreement shall terminate
and shall be of no further force or effect with no surviving obligations. Sellers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enforce
their rights under any confidentiality agreements entered into between either Seller or any of its respective Affiliates, on the one hand,
and any potential purchaser in a proposed transaction similar to the transactions contemplated hereby, on the other hand; provided
that, following the Closing, such enforcement shall be as Buyer reasonably requests in writing and at the sole cost and expense of Buyer.
Sellers shall (a) not modify, amend or terminate, or grant any consent or waiver under, any such confidentiality agreements without
Buyers express written consent, (b) promptly notify Buyer (and provide Buyer copies) of any notice, correspondence or communication
between it, on the one hand, and any of the counterparties to any such confidentiality agreements, on the other hand, with respect to
any such confidentiality agreements and (c) promptly notify Buyer (and provide Buyer a reasonable description) of any breach or claim
asserted by any party to any such confidentiality agreements of which either Seller becomes aware.

7.3.4From
and after the Closing, each Seller shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and instruct its and their respective representatives to, keep
confidential and not disclose to any other Person, or use for their own benefit or the benefit of any other Person, any confidential and
non-public information regarding the Business, the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities. The obligations of Sellers under this
Section 7.3.4 shall not apply to information which (i) is or becomes generally available to the public without breach
of Sellers obligations under this Section 7.3.4 or (ii) is required to be disclosed by applicable Law; provided,
however, that in the case of clause (ii), the applicable Seller shall notify Buyer as early as practicable prior to
disclosure to allow Buyer to take appropriate measures to preserve the confidentiality of such information.

7.4Expenses.
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, each Party will pay all costs and expenses incident to its negotiation and
preparation of this Agreement and the other agreements, instruments and documents to be delivered in connection with this Agreement and
to its performance and compliance with all the agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement and such other agreements, instruments
and documents on its part to be performed or complied with, including the fees, expenses and disbursements of its counsel, investment
bankers and independent public accountants.

7.5Access
to Books and Records. After the Closing Date, and until the seventh (7th) anniversary of the
Closing Date, each Party will permit the other Party to have access to the books and records relating to the Business, the Purchased Assets
and the Assumed Liabilities in its possession and pertaining to the Pre-Closing Tax Period and to make copies of them as may be reasonably
required in connection with any third-party litigation, the preparation of financial statements, the conduct of any audit or investigation
by a Governmental Body or for any other reasonable business purpose relating to the requesting Party or its respective Affiliates, but
excluding, in each case, any dispute between either Seller or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and Buyer or any of its Affiliates,
on the other hand, except as would be required by applicable civil process or applicable discovery rules, and upon the following conditions:
(a) the requesting Party providing notice to the other which sets forth a valid reason for the request for access and (b) the
access being at such times and on such other reasonable conditions appropriate to avoid any material interference with the other Partys
business operations. However, neither Buyer nor the applicable Seller shall be obligated to provide the other Party with access to any
books or records pursuant to this Section 7.5 where such access would (i) violate any Law or (ii) result in the
loss or waiver of any attorney-client privilege or similar protection. If any information is withheld by Buyer or Sellers pursuant to
the immediately preceding sentence, such Party shall inform the other Party(ies) as to the general nature of what is being withheld and
use commercially reasonable efforts to seek an alternative means to provide such Party(ies) (including through its authorized representatives)
with access to the withheld information in a manner that does not result in any such waiver or violation.

47

7.6R&W
Insurance.

7.6.1On
or prior to the date of this Agreement, Buyer will have procured the R&W Policy. Buyer shall cause the R&W Policy to remain bound
and issued and in full force and effect until the Closing. The R&W Policy shall provide that Buyer and the insurers thereunder irrevocably
waive, relinquish and release Sellers from any and all claims for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect
thereof, other than with respect to Fraud. The cost of the R&W Policy (i.e., premium, broker fees, underwriting fees, taxes
and state fees, as applicable) shall be borne fifty percent (50%) by Buyer and fifty percent (50%) by Sellers. Sellers portion
of such R&W Policy costs shall be deducted from the Closing Date Payment Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, Buyer acknowledges and
agrees that the obtaining of the R&W Policy is not a condition to the Closing and Buyer shall remain obligated, subject only to the
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article 8, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. In addition,
Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the obtaining of the R&W Policy shall not materially impede or delay, or, to its knowledge, threaten
to materially impede or delay, the Closing. The R&W Policy shall not be amended or waived in any manner that could reasonably be expected
to result in a material adverse impact on Sellers (including any amendment or waiver to any rights of the insurers thereunder in respect
of subrogation against Sellers) without the prior written consent of Sellers.

7.6.2From
and after the Closing, Sellers shall, upon Buyers request, reasonably cooperate with Buyer in connection with any claim made by
Buyer under the R&W Policy (at Buyers sole cost and expense). As promptly as practicable, but in any event no later than two
(2) Business Days following the Closing Date, Sellers shall deliver, or shall cause to be delivered, to Buyer, an electronic copy
of the Data Room, as of the Closing Date.

7.7Bulk
Sales Laws. The Parties acknowledge that no waivers or clearances are being obtained under, and
hereby waive compliance with, state Laws, if any, providing for notices or Tax or similar clearances in connection with sales of assets;
and, thus, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no representation or warranty is made as to whether any Encumbrance
arises in or with respect to the Purchased Assets by reason of the foregoing Laws. The foregoing acknowledgments are not an agreement,
acknowledgment or admission that the asset transfers contemplated by this Agreement are transfers or sales subject to any of the foregoing
Laws. Nothing in this Section 7.7 is intended to change the allocation of responsibility for Asset-Level Taxes as set forth
in this Agreement.

7.8Further
Actions.

7.8.1From
and after the Closing, if Buyer or any of its Affiliates receives or collects any funds or amounts for the benefit of Sellers or their
respective Affiliates or otherwise relating to any Excluded Asset, Buyer or its Affiliates shall promptly (but in any event within five
(5) Business Days of receipt thereof) remit such funds to the applicable Seller or their respective Affiliate after its receipt thereof.
From and after the Closing, if either Seller or any of their respective Affiliates receives or collects any funds or amounts for the benefit
of Buyer or their respective Affiliates or otherwise relating to any Purchased Asset, such Seller or its applicable Affiliate shall promptly
(but in any event within five (5) Business Days of receipt thereof) remit such funds to Buyer or their respective Affiliate after
its receipt thereof.

48

7.8.2If,
after the Closing Date, Buyer or either Seller (or Affiliate thereof) identifies or becomes aware of any Purchased Asset or Assumed Liability
that was not previously assigned or otherwise transferred by Sellers to Buyer or one of its Affiliates in error, then Sellers shall promptly
assign and transfer, or cause the applicable Affiliate to promptly assign and transfer, the applicable Purchased Asset or Assumed Liability
to Buyer or its designee (and Buyer shall assume any such Assumed Liability) for no additional consideration, subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

7.8.3If,
after the Closing Date, Buyer or either Seller (or Affiliate thereof) identifies or becomes aware of any Excluded Asset or Excluded Liability
that was assigned or otherwise transferred to Buyer or one of its Affiliates in error, Buyer shall promptly assign and transfer, or shall
cause its applicable Affiliate holding such Excluded Asset to promptly assign and transfer, such Excluded Asset or Excluded Liability
to the applicable Seller (and Seller shall assume any such Excluded Liability) for no consideration.

7.9Vehicles.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Parties agree that prior to re-registration of any titled motor
vehicle included in the Purchased Assets in Buyers name, as of the Closing, each such vehicle shall be deemed leased (without additional
consideration) by Buyer from the applicable Seller at Buyers sole risk, and that Buyer will, at its sole cost and expense, insure
each such vehicle and their operation consistent in all material respects with insurance covering other vehicles operated by Buyer. Buyer
shall be responsible for all expenses resulting from the operations and wear and tear on each such vehicle as a result of its use pursuant
to this Section 7.9, and Buyer shall bear all risk of loss related to the operation of each such vehicle as of the Closing.
Following the Closing, to the extent required by the laws of the state in which each of the vehicles is titled and licensed, Buyer will
remove and turn in Sellers plates from such motor vehicles on or before the scheduled expiration date. Following the Closing, Sellers
shall promptly take all steps reasonably necessary to provide endorsed certificates of title and other reasonably requested documentation
to Buyer to allow registration of such motor vehicles in Buyers name promptly after the Closing Date and Buyer shall, promptly
after the Closing Date, so register each such vehicle.

7.10Termination
of Affiliate Contracts. Effective as of the Closing, the Affiliate Contracts shall be terminated
in their entirety and shall be without further force or effect, without any further obligations or liabilities of the parties thereto.

7.11Intellectual
Property Changes. Buyer and Sellers shall each comply with the obligations set forth in Schedule 7.11.

49

7.12Carveout
Financial Statements. Pursuant to Buyers request and predicated on its commitment
to bear all costs of Sellers associated therewith (incurred beginning prior to the date hereof and through either the date this Agreement
is terminated pursuant to Article 9 or, if the Closing occurs, through the date that the Audited Carveout Financial Statements
are delivered), Sellers engaged, or shall engage, (i) Ernst & Young LLP for the purposes of assisting Seller with preparing
(x) a balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement of the Business for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and,
subject to mutually acceptable modifications to the current scope of work, for each fiscal year subsequent to December 31, 2024 and
ended at least 45 days prior to the Closing Date (the Audited Carveout Financial Statements) and (y) unaudited
carveout financial statements for the Business for the three (3)-month period ended March 31, 2025 and, subject to mutually acceptable
modifications to the current scope of work, for the each quarterly period subsequent to March 31, 2025 and ending 45 days prior
to the Closing Date (together with the Audited Carveout Financial Statements, the Carveout Financial Statements),
in each case prepared in accordance with GAAP as applicable to carveout financial statements and as applied on a consistent basis with
Sellers most recent audited financial statements and (ii) Bernard Robinson & Company, LLP for the purposes of auditing
the Audited Carveout Financial Statements and providing an opinion addressed to Sellers (or, if such audit is completed following the
Closing, to Buyer (or one of its Affiliates as designated by Buyer)) regarding the Audited Carveout Financial Statements, in each case,
in accordance with the scope of work (as modified from time to time) substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule 7.12,
subject to mutual agreement of Sellers, Buyer, Ernst & Young LLP and Bernard Robinson & Company, LLP as to any deviations,
as applicable. At and effective as of the Closing, Sellers shall assign such engagements to Buyer (or one of its Affiliates as designated
by Buyer) pursuant to customary documentation reasonably acceptable to Buyer. Sellers and Buyer shall each use commercially reasonable
efforts to (x) facilitate the completion of such audit review as soon as reasonably practicable, (y) cooperate with and consult
with one in another in connection with the preparation of the Carveout Financial Statements and (z) provide each other and their
respective managers, officers, employees, attorneys, consultants, advisors or other representatives with reasonable access to the
personnel of one another and to available financial information in their possession relating to the Business; provided, however,
that such access shall not unreasonably disrupt the operations of the other Parties. Buyer shall reimburse Sellers for all reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket costs related to the preparation and audit of the Carveout Financial Statements, including the reasonable
and documented fees of Ernst & Young LLP and Bernard Robinson & Company, LLP, promptly following the submission of invoices
for such costs incurred by Sellers. The delivery of the Carveout Financial Statements shall in no event be a condition to Closing under
Article 8. Buyer acknowledges that in undertaking the preparation of the Audited Carveout Financial Statements, Sellers make
no representation or warranty hereunder regarding the accuracy or completeness of the Audited Carveout Financial Statements when completed
and Sellers shall have no liability in any event under this Agreement with respect to such Audited Carveout Financial Statements, it being
understood that the foregoing shall not limit or otherwise modify the representations and warranties of Sellers contained in Article 4,
including Section 4.4.

7.13Advisory
Services. Following the Closing and until December 31, 2027, Sellers shall, and shall cause
its officers and other members of management to, advise and consult with Buyer and its Affiliates with respect to the administration and
operation of the Business, including with respect to general strategy, existing and new customers, business market and marketing (including
new market opening planning and execution), pricing and game and content development roadmap matters (and any such other matters as mutually
agreed by Buyer and Sellers), in each case as reasonably requested by Buyer from time to time and in a manner and at the level generally
consistent with the management of the Business by Sellers and such personnel of Sellers prior to the date hereof; provided that
such advisory and consulting services shall not be required to the extent performing such services would unreasonably interfere with the
ability of the relevant personnel of Sellers to perform their responsibilities for the benefit of Sellers.

7.14Undocumented
Customer, Consulting, Distribution, Supplier and Vendor Relationships. Prior to the Closing,
Sellers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to reduce to writing all currently undocumented customer, consulting, distribution,
supplier and vendor relationships, including any such relationship with a Top Customer or a Top Vendor, which agreements shall be in form
provided by Sellers and reasonably acceptable to Buyer and containing terms and conditions consistent with the industry in which the Business
operates.

7.15Sellers
2024 Audited Financials. Sellers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that Bernard
Robinson & Company, LLP completes its audit of Sellers consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024
(the Sellers 2024 Audited Financials) on or prior to April 30, 2025, using accounting methods, policies,
practices and procedures consistent with those used for the audit of Sellers consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2023, and shall thereafter promptly deliver to Buyer a copy of Sellers 2024 Audited Financials and
the results of such audit, including the opinion delivered therewith by Bernard Robinson & Company, LLP. Buyer acknowledges that
in undertaking the preparation of Sellers Financial Statements, Sellers make no representation or warranty hereunder regarding
the accuracy or completeness of the Sellers 2024 Financial Statements when completed, it being understood that the foregoing shall
not limit or otherwise modify the representations and warranties of Sellers contained in Article 4, including Section 4.4.

50

7.16Restrictive
Covenants.

7.16.1Non-Competition.
(a) As a necessary measure to ensure that Buyer realizes the goodwill and associated benefits of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, each Seller covenants and agrees that from and after the Closing until the fifth anniversary of the Closing (such period,
the Restricted Period), except on behalf of Buyer or any of its Affiliates and except to the extent pursuant to the
operation of the Retained Business, such Seller shall not, directly or indirectly, on its own behalf or on behalf of, or in conjunction
with, any Person, own any interests in, invest in, lend to, found, set up, join, be engaged in, operate, control, manage, consult for,
participate in, receive any revenue or other compensation or benefit in connection with or render any services or support to any Person
engaged in the Restricted Business in the Restricted Area; provided, however, that such Seller may hold, directly or indirectly,
solely as a passive investment, equity securities of any Person which are publicly traded on any national securities exchange notwithstanding
the fact that such Person is engaged in the Restricted Business, if such Seller (i) is not a controlling person of, or a member of
a group which controls, such Person, (ii) does not directly or indirectly hold more than 1% of any class of securities of such Person
and (iii) has no participation in the governance, management or business of such Person.

(b)Each
Seller acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the restrictions contained in this Section 7.16.1 are reasonable (including
with respect to the duration of the restrictive covenants, the geographic area and the interests being protected by the restrictions)
and (ii) Buyer has valid interests to protect pursuant to this Section 7.16.1 (including relationships with customers,
resellers, distributors, suppliers and vendors, the protection of confidential information, protection from unfair competition and other
protectable interests) and the restrictions set forth in this Section 7.16.1 are reasonable and necessary to protect those
interests.

(c)For
purposes of this Agreement, Restricted Business means the business of developing software, game content, and systems
for, and manufacturing and distributing E-Tab games for charities in charitable gaming jurisdictions, and the licensed manufacturing of
E-Tabs and licensed distributions of E-Tab gaming supplies in respect of such business (i.e., for charities in charitable gaming
jurisdictions), in each case, that are similar to, or provide a functional substitute to, those that (i) are conducted by any of
Sellers or any of their respective Affiliates as of the Closing Date or (ii) were, during the 12-month period ending on the Closing
Date, being considered, being researched or under development by either Seller or any of their respective Affiliates.

(d)For
purposes of this Agreement, Restricted Area means (i) Alaska, Idaho, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, New Hampshire, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia,
Belize, Ontario (Canada), Newfoundland and Labrador (Canada), (ii) each other state, commonwealth or territory of the United States
and (iii) each other jurisdiction, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), in which any of Sellers or any of
their respective Affiliates conducts the Business as of the Closing Date, or within the 12-month period ending on the Closing Date had
plans to enter into.

7.16.2Restrictions
on Game Content Development. Buyer and Sellers shall each comply with the obligations set forth in Schedule 7.16.2.

51

7.16.3Non-Solicitation;
No-Hire; Non-Disruption. (a) As a necessary measure to ensure that Buyer realizes the goodwill and associated benefits of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each Seller covenants and agrees that during the Restricted Period, such Seller shall not,
directly or indirectly, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, on its own behalf or on behalf of or in conjunction with any Person:

(i) recruit, engage, solicit, contact, entice away, hire, employ or retain or attempt to recruit, engage,
solicit, contact, entice away, hire, employ or retain (whether related to direct employment, a consultancy or personal services contract,
a merger or acquisition or otherwise) any Business Employee, or otherwise seek or attempt to influence any such individual to terminate
his or her relationship with the Business as conducted by Buyer and its Affiliates following the Closing; provided that nothing
herein shall prohibit such Seller or its Affiliates from (x) placing general advertisements for employment or making general solicitations
not specifically targeting or directed at any such individual (provided that the foregoing exception shall not permit the hiring
of any employee that would otherwise be restricted by this Section 7.16.3(i)) or (y) hiring any such individual who was
terminated by Buyer without cause at least three months prior;

(ii) induce or solicit, or attempt to induce or solicit, any customer, reseller, distributor, supplier, vendor,
licensee or licensor or other business relation of the Business that has a business relationship with the Business as of the Closing Date
or with whom either Seller or any of their respective Affiliates has taken steps as of the Closing Date to develop a business relationship
in connection with the Business, to cease doing business, in whole or in part, with the Business, as conducted by Buyer and its Affiliates
following the Closing; or

(iii) interfere with the relationship between, on the one hand, the Business and, on the other hand, any customer,
reseller, distributor, supplier, vendor, licensee, licensor or other business relation of the Business that has a business relationship
with the Business as of the Closing Date or with whom either Seller or any of their respective Affiliates has taken steps as of the Closing
Date to develop a business relationship in connection with the Business.

(b)Each
Seller acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the restrictions contained in this Section 7.16.3 are reasonable (including
with respect to the duration of the restrictive covenants, the geographic area and the interests being protected by the restrictions),
and (ii) Buyer has valid interests to protect pursuant to this Section 7.16.3 (including relationships with customers,
resellers, distributors, suppliers and vendors, the protection of confidential information, protection from unfair competition and other
protectable interests) and the restrictions set forth in this Section 7.16.3 are reasonable and necessary to protect those
interests.

52

7.16.4Non-Disparagement.
During the Restricted Period, each Seller covenants and agrees that such Seller shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, directly
or indirectly, at any time whether in writing (electronically or otherwise) or orally, disparage in communications with any Business customers,
resellers, distributors, suppliers, vendors or employees or otherwise publicly disparage, in each case, the Business or Buyer or any of
its predecessors or successors or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors or employees in connection therewith;
provided that the foregoing shall not limit or impair such Seller or its Affiliates from exercising any right or pursuing claims
arising under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement; provided, further, that, for the avoidance of doubt, Sellers
and their Affiliates engagement in and operation of the Retained Business shall not constitute a breach of this Section 7.16.4,
in the case of good faith statements made in the ordinary course of operating the Retained Business.

7.17Additional
Pre-Closing Actions. Following the date hereof and prior to the Closing, Buyer and Sellers shall
each use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the actions set forth on Schedule 7.17.

7.18Inventory.
Following the date hereof and prior to the Closing, Sellers and Buyer shall cooperate to ensure that as of the Effective Time, the value
of all Devices, Redemption Kiosks and any other raw materials, works-in-process, finished goods, components, consumables, supplies, packaging
materials and other inventories, in each case, primarily related to the Business and held in inventory (and for the avoidance of doubt,
not installed at customer locations) does not exceed $5,000,000. In connection therewith, Sellers shall be permitted to transport any
such inventory in excess of the value of $5,000,000 currently stored at warehouses of the Business to warehouses of Sellers that are not
used in the Business and Sellers and Buyer shall cooperate in good faith to identify the contents of such inventory that shall be retained
by the Business.

ARTICLE 8

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING; DELIVERABLES

8.1Conditions
Precedent to Obligation of Buyer. The obligation of Buyer to proceed with the Closing under this
Agreement is subject to the fulfillment prior to or at the Closing of the following conditions, any one or more of which may be waived
in whole or in part by Buyer:

8.1.1Bringdown
of Representations and Warranties. (a) The representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.5(a) (Absence
of Certain Changes or Events) shall be true and correct in all respects, (b) each of the representations and warranties set forth
in Section 4.1 (Organization and Qualifications), Section 4.2 (Authority and Enforceability), Section 4.3.1(a) (No
Violation of Governing Documents), Section 4.7.1 (Title to Purchased Assets; Sufficiency) and Section 4.20 (Brokers)
shall be true and correct in all material respects (without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect
contained therein) on and as of the Closing Date (except with respect to those representations and warranties that relate to an earlier
date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date) and (c) each of the other representations
and warranties set forth in Article 4 shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of the Closing Date (except with
respect to those representations and warranties that relate to an earlier date, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of
such earlier date), except where the failure of such representation and warranty to be true and correct (without giving effect to any
qualification as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect contained therein) would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

8.1.2Covenants.
Sellers shall have performed in all material respects all of the covenants and complied in all material respects with all of the provisions
required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it at or before the Closing.

53

8.1.3Orders.
No Governmental Order shall be in effect that enjoins, prohibits or otherwise makes illegal the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

8.1.4No
Material Adverse Change. Since the date of this Agreement, no Material Adverse Effect has occurred.

8.1.5Regulatory
Approvals. (a) The applicable waiting period (and any extensions of the waiting period) under the HSR Act shall have expired
or been terminated and (b) the Gaming Licenses set forth on Schedule 8.1.5 (the Required Gaming Licenses)
shall have been obtained and shall be in full force and effect.

8.1.6Sellers
2024 Audited Financials. Buyer shall have received a copy of Sellers 2024 Audited Financials and the results of such audit,
including the opinion delivered therewith as contemplated by Section 7.15.

8.1.7Accounting
Review Procedures. Buyer shall have completed the accounting review procedures with respect to the Financial Information set forth
on Schedule 8.1.7.

8.1.8Closing
Deliveries. Sellers shall have delivered or caused to be delivered all of the items described in Section 8.3.1.

8.2Conditions
Precedent to Obligation of Sellers. The obligation of Sellers to proceed with the Closing under
this Agreement is subject to the fulfillment prior to or at Closing of the following conditions, any one or more of which (other than
the conditions contained in Section 8.2.3) may be waived in whole or in part by Sellers:

8.2.1Bringdown
of Representations and Warranties. (a) Each of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.1 (Organization),
Section 5.2 (Authority and Enforceability), Section 5.3(a) (No Violation of Governing Documents) and Section 5.5
(Brokers) shall be true and correct in all material respects (without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality) on and as
of the Closing Date (except with respect to those representations and warranties that relate to an earlier date, which shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of such earlier date) and (b) each of the other representations and warranties set forth in Article 5
shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of the Closing Date (except with respect to those representations and warranties that
relate to an earlier date, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date), except where the failure of such
representation and warranty to be true and correct (without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality contained therein) would
not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of Buyer to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

8.2.2Covenants.
Buyer shall have paid the Closing Date Payment Amount and performed in all material respects all of the other covenants and complied in
all material respects with all of the provisions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it at or before the Closing.

8.2.3Orders.
No Governmental Order shall be in effect that enjoins, prohibits or otherwise makes illegal the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

8.2.4Antitrust
Clearance. The applicable waiting period (and any extensions of the waiting period) under the HSR Act shall have expired or been terminated.

8.2.5Closing
Deliveries. Buyer shall have delivered or caused to be delivered all of the items described in Section 8.3.2.

54

8.3Deliveries
at the Closing.

8.3.1By
Sellers. Sellers shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer at the Closing:

(a)a
certificate, duly executed by a duly appointed officer of each Seller, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying to the fulfillment of
the conditions set forth in Section 8.1.1 and Section 8.1.2;

(b)a
bill of sale and assignment and assumption agreement in substantially the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit B (the
Bill of Sale), duly executed by Sellers;

(c)an
intellectual property license, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the IP License),
duly executed by Gaming and Banilla Games, Inc.;

(d)a
restrictive covenant agreement, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Restrictive Covenant
Agreement), duly executed by Garrett Blackwelder;

(e)a
transition services agreement, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (the Transition Services Agreement),
duly executed by Gaming;

(f)a
game content development services agreement, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit F (the Game Content
Development Services Agreement), duly executed by Gaming;

(g)a
lease assignment and assumption agreement for each Assumed Lease, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit G (each,
a Lease Assignment and Assumption Agreement), in each case, duly executed by the applicable Seller;

(h)a
Device and Redemption Kiosk manufacturing and supply agreement, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit H (the
Device and Redemption Kiosk Manufacturing / Supply Agreement), duly executed by Banilla Games, Inc.;

(i)a
printed paper pull-tabs supply agreement, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Printed Paper
Pull-Tabs Supply Agreement), duly executed by Grover Gaming Printing, LLC and Gaming;

(j)the
Closing Letter of Credit;

(k)a
duly completed and executed IRS Form W-9 of each Seller; and

(l)all
books and records of Sellers that are included in the Purchased Assets and/or Assumed Liabilities.

8.3.2By
Buyer. Buyer shall deliver or cause to be delivered Seller at the Closing:

(a)payment
of the Closing Date Payment Amount in accordance with Section 2.4;

(b)the
Bill of Sale, duly executed by Buyer;

(c)the
IP License, duly executed by Buyer and Light & Wonder, Inc.;

55

(d)the
Restrictive Covenant Agreement, duly executed by Buyer;

(e)the
Transition Services Agreement, duly executed by Buyer;

(f)the
Game Content Development Services Agreement, duly executed by Buyer and Light & Wonder, Inc.;

(g)each
Lease Assignment and Assumption Agreement, duly executed by Buyer;

(h)the
Device and Redemption Kiosk Manufacturing / Supply Agreement, duly executed by Buyer;

(i)the
Printed Paper Pull-Tabs Supply Agreement, duly executed by Buyer; and

(j)a
certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying to the fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Section 8.2.1 and
Section 8.2.2.

ARTICLE 9

TERMINATION

9.1Termination
Rights. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing, only as follows:

9.1.1by
mutual written consent of Buyer and Sellers;

9.1.2by
either Buyer or Sellers, by written notice to the other(s), if a Governmental Body shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or
entered a non-appealable final Governmental Order or taken any other non-appealable final action that makes consummation of the Closing
illegal or having the effect of permanently enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement;

9.1.3by
Buyer, by written notice to Sellers, if it is not then in breach of any provision of this Agreement that would give rise to the failure
of any condition specified in Sections 8.2.1 or 8.2.2, and there has been a breach of any representation or warranty
made by Sellers in this Agreement, or a failure of Sellers to perform any of its covenants made in this Agreement, and such breach or
failure (i) gives rise to the failure of any of the conditions specified in Section 8.1 to be satisfied and (ii) has
not been cured by Sellers within thirty (30) days of Sellers receipt of written notice of such breach or failure from Buyer;

9.1.4by
Sellers, by written notice to Buyer, if Sellers are not then in breach of any provision of this Agreement that would give rise to the
failure of any condition specified in Sections 8.1.1 or 8.1.2, and there has been a breach of any representation or
warranty made by Buyer in this Agreement, or a failure of Buyer to perform any of its covenants made in this Agreement, and such breach
or failure (i) gives rise to the failure of any of the conditions specified in Section 8.2 to be satisfied and (ii) has
not been cured by Buyer within thirty (30) days of Buyers receipt of written notice of such breach or failure from Sellers;
or

56

9.1.5by
Buyer or Sellers, by written notice to the other(s), if the Closing has not occurred on or prior to February 17, 2026 (the Outside
Date) and no Action to specifically perform this Agreement has been commenced; provided that if on the Outside Date
all of the conditions set forth in Article 8 have been satisfied or waived other than the conditions set forth in Section 8.1.5
and Section 8.2.4 (or Section 8.1.5 only) (and those conditions that by their nature can only be satisfied at
the Closing), then Buyer may, by written notice delivered to Sellers prior to Outside Date, extend the Outside Date by three (3) months
until May 17, 2026, which extended date shall thereafter be considered the Outside Date; provided, further, that if
on the Outside Date as extended pursuant to the preceding proviso all of the conditions set forth in Article 8 have been satisfied
or waived other than the conditions set forth in Section 8.1.5 and Section 8.2.4 (or Section 8.1.5
only) (and those conditions that by their nature can only be satisfied at the Closing), then Buyer may, by written notice delivered to
Sellers prior to May 17, 2026, extend the Outside Date by an additional three (3) months until August 17, 2026, which extended
date shall thereafter be considered the Outside Date; provided, however, that a Party shall not have the right to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1.5 if it is then in material breach of any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or other agreements hereunder and such breach has been the principal cause or directly resulted in (x) the failure of one
or more conditions precedent to the other Partys obligations under Section 8.1 or 8.2, as applicable, to be
satisfied or (y) the failure of the Closing to occur by the Outside Date.

9.2Effect
of Termination. In the event of the termination and abandonment of this Agreement pursuant to
this Article 9, written notice thereof shall be given to the other Party or Parties, specifying the provisions hereof pursuant
to which such termination is made and the basis therefor described in reasonable detail, and this Agreement shall forthwith become void
and have no further effect, without any liability on the part of either Party or its respective representatives or stockholders, except
(a) for this Section 9.2, Section 7.3, Article 11 and Article 1 (to the extent necessary
to give meaning to the foregoing), each of which shall survive such termination and remain valid and binding obligations of the Parties
in accordance with their terms, (b) nothing in this Section 9.2 shall relieve any Party from liability for the willful
or other deliberate breach of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement occurring prior to
such termination or for Fraud and (c) nothing in this Section 9.2 shall relieve Buyer from its obligations to reimburse
Sellers for any costs and expenses associated with the preparation and audit of the Carveout Financial Statements as set forth in Section 7.12,
which shall survive such termination and remain valid and binding obligations of Buyer in accordance with its terms. In the event this
Agreement is validly terminated by Sellers or Buyer (i) pursuant to Section 9.1.5 and, at the time of such termination,
one or more of the conditions set forth in Section 8.1.3 or Section 8.2.3 (in each case, if the failure of such
condition to be satisfied is a result of a Governmental Order arising under the HSR Act or any other Antitrust Law of the United States)
or Section 8.1.5(a) or Section 8.2.4 were not satisfied or waived or (ii) pursuant to Section 9.1.2
as a result of a Governmental Order arising under the HSR Act or any other Antitrust Law of the United States, and, in the case of each
of clauses (i) and (ii), at the time of such termination (A) each other condition set forth in Article 8
has been satisfied or waived other than those set forth in Section 8.1.5(a) and Section 8.2.4 (other than
those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing) and (B) Sellers are not in breach in any material respect
of their obligations under this Agreement in any manner that is the proximate cause of the failure of any of the conditions referred to
in clause (i) or the imposition of the Governmental Order referred to in clause (ii), then Buyer shall pay
to Sellers within ten (10) Business Days following the non-terminating partys receipt of written notice of termination of
this Agreement, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account specified in writing by Sellers, an amount equal to $42,500,000
(the Termination Fee). In no event shall Buyer be required to pay the Termination Fee on more than one occasion.
Except in the case of Fraud or the willful or other deliberate breach by Buyer of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
set forth in this Agreement, (x) payment of the Termination Fee described in this Section 9.2 shall constitute the sole
and exclusive remedy of Sellers against Buyer, its Affiliates and their respective current, former or future officers, managers, directors,
employees, agents and representatives for any Loss suffered as a result of the failure of the transactions contemplated hereby to be consummated,
and (y) upon payment of the Termination Fee, none of Buyer, any of its Affiliates or any of their respective current, former or future
officers, managers, directors, employees, agents and representatives shall have any further liability or obligation relating to or arising
out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Sellers and Buyer each acknowledge and agree that the provisions of this
Section 9.2 are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Parties and constitute a material inducement
to the Parties to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that any payment of the
Termination Fee does not constitute a penalty but is liquidated damages in a reasonable amount that will compensate Sellers in circumstances
in which the Termination Fee is payable, which amount would otherwise be impossible to calculate with precision. For the avoidance of
doubt, in the event of the termination of this Agreement, in no event shall any fees or other costs or expenses paid by Buyer or any of
its Affiliates prior to the date of such termination in respect of seeking approval under the HSR Act or any other Antitrust Law be reimbursable
by Sellers or any of their respective Affiliates.

57

ARTICLE 10

SURVIVAL; INDEMNIFICATION

10.1Survival.

10.1.1None
of the representations or warranties contained in this Agreement (including the Disclosure Schedules, schedules and exhibits attached
hereto and the certificates delivered pursuant hereto) will survive the Closing, and none of Buyer, Sellers nor any of their respective
Affiliates, successors and permitted assigns, heirs, officers, employees, directors, managers, members, partners, stockholders or representatives,
will have any liability whatsoever with respect to any such representations or warranties; provided, however, that nothing
in this Section 10.1.1 shall release any Party from liability for Fraud. The covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement
that by their terms are required to be performed prior to the Closing shall survive the Closing until the date that is twelve (12) months
after the Closing Date; provided, however, that if any claim is asserted with respect to a breach of such a covenant prior
to such date, such claim shall survive until resolved; provided, further, that no such claim may be first asserted after
such twelve (12) month anniversary of the Closing Date. The covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement that by their terms
are required to be performed in whole or in part after the Closing will survive the Closing to the extent so required to be performed
after the Closing. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the R&W Policy is intended to be a Contract between Buyer and the insurer(s) under
the R&W Policy separate and apart from this Agreement. As such, none of the limitations or exceptions set forth in this Section 10.1
shall in any way limit, affect, restrict, modify or impair the ability of Buyer to make claims under or recover under the R&W Policy.

10.2Indemnification
by Sellers. From and after the Closing, Sellers shall indemnify and defend the Buyer Indemnified
Parties against, and shall hold them harmless from, any and all Losses resulting from, arising out of or otherwise related to: (a) the
Excluded Liabilities and (b) any breach of any covenant or agreement of Sellers contained in this Agreement.

10.3Indemnification
by Buyer. From and after the Closing, Buyer shall indemnify and defend the Seller Indemnified
Parties against, and shall hold them harmless from, any and all Losses resulting from or arising out of (a) any Assumed Liability
and (b) any breach of any covenant or agreement of Buyer contained in this Agreement.

10.4Certain
Limitations.

10.4.1Payments
by an Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any Loss shall be limited to the amount of any liability or damage that
remains after deducting therefrom any insurance proceeds and any indemnity, contribution or other similar payment received by the Indemnified
Party in respect of any such claim. The Indemnified Party shall use at least commercially reasonable efforts to recover amounts available
under any applicable insurance policies or indemnity, contribution or other similar agreements for any Losses. In the event any such amounts
are received by an Indemnified Party after payment of a Loss hereunder by an Indemnifying Party for the same Loss, such Indemnified Party
shall promptly repay the Indemnifying Party, up to the amount so received.

58

10.4.2No
Indemnifying Party shall be liable to any Indemnified Party for Losses that are in the nature of punitive or exemplary damages relating
to a breach or alleged breach of this Agreement regardless of whether a claim is based on contract, tort (including negligence), strict
liability, or any other legal or equitable principle, except to the extent any such Losses are paid by an Indemnified Party with respect
to a Third-Party Claim.

10.4.3Each
Indemnified Party shall take, and shall cause its Affiliates to take, all commercially reasonable steps to mitigate any Loss upon becoming
aware of any event or circumstance that would be reasonably expected to, or does, give rise thereto; provided, however,
that the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs of such mitigation shall constitute Losses for purposes of this Agreement.

10.5Procedures.

10.5.1Notice
of Claim. Promptly after receipt by a Buyer Indemnified Party or a Seller Indemnified Party, as the case may be (an Indemnified
Party), of notice of a Loss or the commencement of any Action with respect to which it believes it is entitled to be indemnified
under Section 10.2 or Section 10.3, the Indemnified Party shall, if a claim in respect thereto is to be made against
Sellers, on the one hand, or Buyer, on the other hand (in either case, the Indemnifying Party) under this Article 10,
notify the Indemnifying Party in writing of the commencement thereof, provided that any delay in providing such notice shall not
relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations, except to the extent that it is actually prejudiced by such delay.
Any such claim notice shall describe the applicable claim in reasonable detail and shall indicate the estimated amount of the Loss that
has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified Party shall allow the Indemnifying Party and its advisors to reasonably
investigate the matter or circumstance alleged to give rise to the claim, and whether and to what extent any amount is payable in respect
thereof, and the Indemnified Party shall reasonably assist the Indemnifying Partys investigation by giving such information and
assistance as the Indemnifying Party or any of its advisors may reasonably request.

10.5.2Defense
of Third Party Claims.

(a)If
any Action shall be brought against an Indemnified Party by a third party (a Third-Party Claim) and it notifies the
Indemnifying Party thereof in accordance with Section 10.5, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in and,
subject to the terms herein, to assume the legal defense thereof at the Indemnifying Partys expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Indemnifying Party will not be entitled to assume or continue the defense thereof if such Action presents, under applicable standards
of professional conduct, a conflict on any significant issue between the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party.

(b)In
the event that the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of any Third-Party Claim, it shall have the right, subject to Section 10.5.3
below, to take such action as it deems necessary to avoid, dispute, defend, appeal or make counterclaims pertaining to such Action in
the name and on behalf of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Action
and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnified Party unless
(i) the payment of such counsels fees and expenses shall have been specifically agreed upon in writing by the Indemnifying
Party or (ii) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed to assume the defense of such Action. In any such case, the Indemnifying Party
shall not, in connection with any one Action or separate but substantially similar or related Actions in the same jurisdiction arising
out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys
(in addition to any local counsel) for the Indemnified Party. After notice from the Indemnifying Party to the Indemnified Party of its
election to assume the defense of an Action, the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Party under this Section 10.5.2
for any attorneys fees or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof.
In all cases, the Parties hereto shall, and shall cause their Affiliates to, cooperate with each other in all reasonable respects in connection
with the defense of any third-party Action, including making available records and employees relating thereto as may be reasonably requested,
without expense to the requesting party, other than reimbursement of actual out-of-pocket expenses.

59

(c)Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 10.5.2 to the contrary, the Indemnifying Party shall not be permitted to assume the defense of any
Third-Party Claim if the Third-Party Claim seeks imposition of (1) criminal penalties against the Indemnified Party or (2) a
Governmental Order or equitable relief against the Indemnified Party (other than a Governmental Order or equitable relief that is incidental
and de minimis to monetary damages as the primary relief sought).

10.5.3Settlement;
Compromise. An Indemnifying Party will not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending
or threatened Action for which indemnification is sought hereunder unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional
release of the Indemnified Party from all liability arising out of such pending or threatened Action; provided, however,
that the Indemnifying Party shall not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed), settle, compromise or offer to settle or compromise any Third-Party Claim on a basis that would result
in (i) injunctive or other nonmonetary relief against the Indemnified Party, including the imposition of a Governmental Order that
would restrict the future activity or conduct of the Indemnified Party or (ii) a finding or admission of fault or misconduct by the
Indemnified Party. An Indemnified Party will not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending
or threatened Action for which indemnification is sought hereunder.

10.6Satisfaction
of Claims. After the amount of an indemnifiable loss under this Agreement is agreed to or finally
determined in accordance with this Article 10 to be owed to an Indemnified Party (an Indemnifiable Loss),
the Indemnifying Party will satisfy such Indemnifiable Loss as follows:

10.6.1Seller
as Indemnifying Party. Subject to the terms of this Article 10, claims for Indemnifiable Losses that are owed by Sellers
will be satisfied by Sellers paying the balance of such Indemnifiable Losses to Buyer by wire transfer of immediately available funds,
to an account designated by Buyer, within five (5) Business Days after the final determination of the Indemnifiable Losses owed by
Sellers to Buyer; provided, however, that so long as the R&W Policy is available, Buyer shall, if applicable, seek recovery
against the R&W Policy for any Indemnifiable Losses that are owed by Sellers in the first instance.

60

10.6.2Buyer
as Indemnifying Party. Claims for Indemnifiable Losses that are owed by Buyer will be satisfied by Buyer paying the Indemnifiable
Losses to Sellers by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to an account designated by Seller, within five (5) Business Days
after the final determination of the Indemnifiable Losses owed by Buyer to Sellers.

10.7Sole
Remedy.

10.7.1Except
for (a) remedies that cannot be waived as a matter of Law, (b) specific performance and injunctive and other equitable relief
pursuant to Section 11.5 and (c) any other remedies pursuant to the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement or the R&W
Policy, if the Closing occurs, indemnification pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10 shall be the sole and exclusive
remedy of the Parties with respect to any matters arising under or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and the only legal action that may be asserted by any Party with respect to any such breach, inaccuracy or failure that is
the subject of this Article 10 shall be an action to enforce, or to recover damages for the breach of, this Article 10.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the limitations set forth in this Section 10.7 shall not apply to any claim for Losses as a
result of or arising out of or by virtue of Fraud.

10.7.2Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Article 10, except in the case of Fraud, no Buyer Indemnified Party shall be able
to recover from Sellers with respect to any Indemnifiable Loss so long as recovery under the R&W Policy is available. To the extent
any Indemnifiable Loss is not recoverable under the R&W Policy (for any reason, other than if Buyer for any reason does not make a
claim or chooses not to recover any Losses under the R&W Policy), the Buyer Indemnified Parties shall have recourse against Sellers
pursuant to this Article 10.

ARTICLE 11

MISCELLANEOUS

11.1Further
Assurances. Buyer, on the one hand, and Sellers, on the other hand, shall at any time and from
time to time on and after the Closing Date, upon request by the other Party or Parties, use commercially reasonable efforts to take or
cause to be taken such actions and execute, acknowledge and deliver, or cause to be executed, acknowledged and delivered, such instruments,
documents, transfers and conveyances as may be required to give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, at the requesting
Partys sole cost and expense.

11.2Notices.
All notices and other communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or
made (a) as of the date delivered, if delivered personally, (b) immediately upon transmission if delivered by electronic mail
prior to 6:00 p.m. Eastern Time (and otherwise, on the next Business Day) if no automated notice of delivery failure is received
by the sender, (c) on the date receipt is acknowledged if delivered by certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested,
or (d) two (2) Business Days after being sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery), to the Parties at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 11.2):

(a)if
to Buyer, to:

Light & Wonder, Inc. 

6601 Bermuda Road 

Las Vegas, NV 89119 

Attention: James Sottile, Executive
Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary 

E-mail: jsottile@lnw.com 

61

with a required copy to:

Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP 

Two Manhattan West 

375 Ninth Avenue 

New York, NY 10001 

Attention: Robert I. Townsend III; Michael
E. Mariani; Jin-Kyu Baek 

E-mail: rtownsend@cravath.com; mmariani@cravath.com; jbaek@cravath.com

(b)if
to Sellers, to:

Grover Gaming, Inc. 

3506 Greenville Blvd NE 

Greenville, NC 27834 

Attention: Marc Downing, Chief Counsel &
Director of Compliance 

E-mail:legal@grovergaming.com

with a required copy to:

Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP

2222 Market Street

Philadelphia, PA 19103-2921

Attention: Richard B. Aldridge; Justin W. Chairman

E-mail: richard.aldridge@morganlewis.com; justin.chairman@morganlewis.com

A Party may change the address
to which notice to it, or copies thereof, shall be addressed by giving notice thereof to the other Parties in conformity with the foregoing.

11.3Assignment.
This Agreement and all the rights and powers granted hereby shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective permitted
successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement and the rights, interests and obligations hereunder may not be assigned by any Party
without the written consent of the other Parties; provided that Buyer may, without the prior written consent of Sellers, assign
its rights under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to one or more of its Affiliates; provided, further, that any such
assignment by Buyer shall not relieve Buyer of its obligations under this Agreement, including those set forth in Section 2.7.
Any attempted assignment in violation of this Section 11.3 shall be null and void.

11.4Governing
Law; Venue.

11.4.1Governing
Law. All matters relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (whether sounding
in contract, tort or otherwise) will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that
would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

62

11.4.2Consent
to Jurisdiction and Service of Process. EACH PARTY HERETO CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE
OF DELAWARE (OR, IF THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE DECLINES TO ACCEPT JURISDICTION OVER ANY ACTION, ANY STATE OR
FEDERAL COURT WITHIN THE STATE OF DELAWARE) AND IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE LITIGATED IN SUCH COURTS. EACH PARTY HERETO ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND IN CONNECTION WITH ITS RESPECTIVE
PROPERTIES, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND WAIVES ANY DEFENSE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, AND IRREVOCABLY
AGREES TO BE BOUND BY ANY JUDGMENT RENDERED THEREBY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.
EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING
OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO SUCH PARTY AT THE ADDRESS SPECIFIED IN THIS AGREEMENT. NOTHING
HEREIN SHALL IN ANY WAY BE DEEMED TO LIMIT THE ABILITY OF EITHER PARTY HERETO TO SERVE ANY SUCH LEGAL PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICES AND DOCUMENTS
IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

11.4.3Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER
AT LAW, IN EQUITY, BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR THEREBY OR THE ACTIONS OF SUCH PARTY IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF OR THEREOF.

11.4.4The
Parties agree that any judgment obtained in any Action referred to above may, in the discretion of such Party (or its permitted successors
or assigns), be enforced in any jurisdiction, to the extent permitted by applicable Law.

11.5Specific
Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement
were not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the Parties shall be entitled to specific performance, an injunction or
injunctions, and other equitable remedies to prevent and restrain breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the performance of the terms and provisions of this Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in
equity. The parties hereby knowingly and affirmatively waive, in any Action for specific performance, the defense of adequacy of a remedy
at law and the necessity of demonstrating damages or posting any bond or other security in connection therewith. Each Party further agrees
that neither the other Party nor any other Person shall be required to obtain, furnish or post any bond or similar instrument in connection
with or as a condition to obtaining any remedy referred to in this Section 11.5, and each Party hereto irrevocably waives
any right it may have to require the obtaining, furnishing or posting of any such bond or similar instrument. Each Party further agrees
that the only permitted objection that it may raise in response to any action for equitable relief is that it contests the existence of
a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement.

11.6Amendment
and Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended, except by an instrument in writing signed by each
of the Parties. To be effective, any waiver under this Agreement must be in writing and signed by the Party against whom enforcement of
the same is sought. Neither the failure of any Party to exercise any right, power or remedy provided under this Agreement or to insist
upon compliance by another Party with its obligations hereunder, nor any custom or practice of the Parties at variance with the terms
hereof shall constitute a waiver by such Party or Parties of the right to exercise any such right, power or remedy or to demand such compliance.

63

11.7Reliance
on Counsel and Other Advisors. Each Party has consulted such legal, financial, technical or other
expert as it deems necessary or desirable before entering into this Agreement. Each Party represents and warrants that it has read, knows,
understands and agrees with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

11.8No
Presumption Against Any Party. Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity in this
Agreement shall be construed or resolved against any Party, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary,
this Agreement has been negotiated and reviewed by each of the Parties and their counsel and shall be construed and interpreted according
to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of all parties.

11.9Delays
or Omissions. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any Party
under this Agreement, upon any breach or default of the other Party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy
of such non-breaching or non-defaulting Party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence
therein, or of in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring; nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a
waiver of any other breach or default previously or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character
on the part of any Party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any Party of any provisions or conditions
of this Agreement, must be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing.

11.10Entire
Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and the Schedules
and Exhibits attached thereto and the Confidentiality Agreement set forth all of the promises, covenants, agreements, conditions and undertakings
between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings,
negotiations, inducements or conditions relating thereto, express or implied, oral or written. This Agreement is not intended to confer
upon any Person other than the Parties any rights or remedies hereunder.

11.11Severability.
If any term or other provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being
enforced under any rule of Law in any particular respect or under any particular circumstances, such term or provision shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect in all other respects and under all other circumstances, and all other terms, conditions and provisions
of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated
hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to Buyer or Sellers. Upon such determination that any term or other provision
is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect
the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby
are fulfilled to the fullest extent possible.

11.12Counterparts;
Signatures. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile signatures and in any number of counterparts
with the same effect as if all signatory parties had signed the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together and shall
constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by facsimile, electronic
transmission in PDF or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com format shall
be sufficient to bind the Parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

[Remainder of this page intentionally left
blank.]

64

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

LNW GAMING, INC., as Buyer:

By: /s/ Oliver Chow

Name: Oliver Chow

Title: Executive
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

GROVER GAMING, INC., as a Seller:

By: /s/ Garrett S. Blackwelder

Name: Garrett S. Blackwelder

Title: President

G2 GAMING, INC., as a Seller:

By: /s/ Garrett S. Blackwelder

Name: Garrett S. Blackwelder

Title: President

[Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement]

65
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Light & Wonder Announces Strategic
Acquisition of

Grover Gamings Charitable Gaming Assets

Grover
Charitable Gaming is a leading provider of electronic pull-tabs for charitable gaming in
the U.S., with over 10,000 installed recurring revenue1 units across five U.S.
states

Opportunity
to leverage L&Ws leading land-based content into a scale recurring revenue1
base

Highly
cash generative earnings profile with strong underlying growth

Highly
accretive to value and earnings with high-single digit Adjusted NPATA per share accretion2

LAS VEGAS, February 18, 2025 Light &
Wonder, Inc. (NASDAQ and ASX: LNW) (together with its subsidiaries Light & Wonder, L&W
or the Company) today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the charitable gaming assets
(Grover Charitable Gaming) of Grover Gaming, Inc. and G2 Gaming, Inc. (together, Grover Gaming)
for total consideration of $850 million cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments, and a four-year revenue based earn-out
of up to $200 million cash. Upfront consideration implies a multiple of ~7.7x based on 2024 Grover Adjusted EBITDA2 and a
~7.1x multiple based on Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA2,3.

Overview of Grover Charitable Gaming

Privately owned by Garrett Blackwelder, Grover Charitable Gaming has
an installed base of over 10,000 leased electronic pull-tab units across five U.S. States (ND, OH, VA, KY, NH) operating under a recurring
revenue1 model. The business was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in Greenville, North Carolina.

Under the terms of the agreement, Garrett will collaborate with Light &
Wonder to help drive the continued success of the business over the next three years.

Grover Charitable Gaming has developed long-standing and persistent
relationships with charitable customers in the states that it operates, underpinned by a dedicated local team of service technicians
and relationship managers.

1 Refers to revenue participation model.

2 Denotes a non-GAAP financial measure based on preliminary
and unaudited financial information. Additional information on non-GAAP financial measures presented herein is available at the end of
this release.

3 Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA is derived from Grover
Adjusted EBITDA and further adjusts such measure to provide full-year revenue on a run rate basis of ending installed units multiplied
by an average rate per day and Grover Adjusted EBITDA margin rate for December 31, 2024. Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA does not include
adjustments to reflect assumed start-up and other costs that might be incurred post-closing.

For the year ended December 31, 2024, on an unaudited and preliminary
basis, Grover Charitable Gaming generated Revenue of $135 million and Grover Adjusted EBITDA2 of $111 million.

The Company expects the transaction to close during the second quarter
of 2025, subject to required regulatory and other approvals and customary closing conditions.

Strategic Rationale

The acquisition of Grover Charitable Gaming provides several strategic
and financial benefits for L&W shareholders:

A
leading position in the fast-growing charitable gaming space and a best-in-class supplier
in every state it operates across

Transaction
complements L&Ws cross-platform strategy, by expanding into another high-growth,
regulated adjacency in which L&W is not currently a participant

Loyal
customer base is supported by strong customer relationships tied to in-market local teams

Strong
cultural alignment which will facilitate a smooth transition and integration

Attractive
financial profile which is expected to be highly accretive to value and earnings with high-single
digit Adjusted NPATA per share4 accretion in the first full calendar year post
acquisition.

Post acquisition, Light & Wonder will operate the business
with a combination of Grover Gaming and Light & Wonder employees.

Grover Gaming is a leading player in charitable gaming, a category
that has experienced significant growth in recent years, said Matt Wilson, President and Chief Executive Officer of Light &
Wonder. This transaction complements our position as the leading cross-platform global games company by adding another compelling
regulated adjacency to our profile.

Importantly, there are exciting incremental revenue opportunities
to be realized by leveraging Light & Wonders proven land-based gaming content to a new and loyal customer base. We look
forward to continuing to partner with Grover Gamings customers, building on its strong dedication to customer service,
Mr. Wilson concluded.

I am very thankful for all of our Grover Gaming teammates and
how hard they work every day," said Garrett Blackwelder, CEO and Founder of Grover Gaming. "I'm also grateful for our customers'
loyalty over the past two decades. We realize without them, we wouldn't be where we are today. Light & Wonder is an ideal partner
for us, given our similar company cultures and dedication to innovation and customer service. We are excited to see Charitable Gaming
taken to a new level!"

4 Denotes a non-GAAP financial measure based on preliminary
and unaudited financial information. Additional information on non-GAAP financial measures presented herein is available at the end of
this release.

Acquisition funding

Light & Wonder expects to fund the acquisition with existing
cash and incremental debt financing. Post-acquisition, Light & Wonder expects its net debt leverage ratio5 on a combined
basis to remain within its target range of 2.5x-3.5x.

Consolidated AEBITDA Target

Light & Wonder reaffirms its 2025 $1.4 billion Consolidated
AEBITDA Target6 underpinned by continued strong organic growth across our existing businesses, and without any AEBITDA contribution
from the acquisition of Grover Charitable Gaming.

Advisors

Jarden Group is serving as financial advisor and Cravath, Swaine &
Moore LLP is serving as legal advisor to Light & Wonder.

Investor conference call

An investor conference call is scheduled for:

February 18, 2025 

5:30pm U.S. Eastern Time / 2:30pm U.S. Pacific Time

February 19, 2025 

9:30am Australian Eastern Daylight Time

Telephone Dial-in

US Toll Free: +1 (833) 470-1428 

Australia: +61 2 7908 3093 

International: +1 (404) 975-4839 

Access Code: 690757

Webcast

Participants are encouraged to pre-register for the conference call
by using the following link.

To pre-register, click here: Light & Wonder Grover
Gaming Acquisition Call

5 Calculated on a combined basis assuming a full year contribution
of earnings. Additional information on non-GAAP financial measures presented herein is available at the end of this release.

6 Consolidated AEBITDA Target is a forward-looking non-GAAP
financial measure presented on a supplemental basis. Additional information on non-GAAP financial measures presented herein is available
at the end of this release.

The conference call will be webcast live at https://explore.investors.lnw.com
where a recording of the webcast will also be made available following the event.

Investor Day

Light & Wonder will also be hosting an Investor Day on May 20,
2025 in New York where we will highlight our future growth initiatives across each of our businesses.

For more information, visit lnw.com.

###

All notices signify marks registered by Light & Wonder, Inc.,
or one of its subsidiaries.

About Light & Wonder, Inc.

Light & Wonder, Inc. is the leading cross-platform global
games company. Through our three unique, yet highly complementary businesses, we deliver unforgettable experiences by combining
the exceptional talents of our 6,000+ member team, with a deep understanding of our customers and players. We create immersive content
that forges lasting connections with players, wherever they choose to engage. At Light & Wonder, its all about the games.
The Company is committed to the highest standards of integrity, from promoting player responsibility to implementing sustainable practices.
To learn more visit www.lnw.com.

Investor Inquiries

Nick Zangari, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasury,
+1 702-301-4378

Email: ir@lnw.com

Media Inquiries

Andy Fouch, Vice President of Corporate Communications, +1
206-697-3678

Email: media@lnw.com

Forward-Looking Statements

In this press release, Light & Wonder makes "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include
statements herein that describe the proposed transaction, including its financial impact, and other statements of management's expectations,
beliefs, assumptions, estimates and goals regarding the proposed transaction and can be identified by words such as continue,
expect, target, "will," "may," and "should," or similar terminology. These
statements are based upon management's current expectations, assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of timing, future results,
or performance. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Actual results
may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including
(i) the risk that the conditions to the closing of the proposed transaction, including the receipt of regulatory and gaming approvals,
may not be satisfied, (ii) the risk that a material adverse change, event or occurrence may affect the Company and Grover Charitable
Gaming prior to the closing of the proposed transaction and may delay the proposed transaction or cause the companies to abandon the
proposed transaction, (iii) the risk that the proposed transaction may involve unexpected costs, liabilities or delays, (iv) the
risk that the businesses of the companies may suffer as a result of uncertainty surrounding the proposed transaction, (v) the risk
that disruptions from the proposed transaction will harm relationships with customers, employees and suppliers or (vi) the risk
that the Company may be unable to achieve expected financial, operational and strategic benefits of the proposed transaction and may
not be able to successfully integrate Grover Charitable Gaming into the Companys operation, and those factors described in our
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including Light & Wonders current reports
on Form 8-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its annual report on Form 10-K that was filed with the SEC on February 27,
2024 (including under the headings "Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors"). Forward-looking statements speak
only as of the date they are made and, except for Light & Wonders ongoing obligations under the U.S. federal securities
laws, Light & Wonder undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise.

Basis of Presentation

This press release contains certain non-GAAP measures and run rate-adjusted
and combined financial information which has been derived from the preliminary and unaudited financial information of Grover Charitable
Gaming, without any other adjustments except as otherwise stated herein. We identify such information as run rate, run
rate-adjusted, combined, on a combined basis or non-GAAP, as appropriate. This information
is for informational purposes only and does not purport to represent what the financial position and results of operations of Grover
Charitable Gaming, the Company or any segment of the Company, as appropriate, would have been if the transactions had occurred at specified
dates or may be in the future after giving effect to the acquisition. We are not providing forward looking information for GAAP reported
financial measures or a quantitative reconciliation of forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP
measures because we are unable to predict with reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome of certain significant items without unreasonable
effort. These items are uncertain, depend on various factors and could have a material impact on GAAP reported results for the relevant
period.

The financial information for Grover Charitable Gaming presented herein
has been prepared from management accounts, is preliminary, unaudited and does not conform to Regulation S-X. Accordingly, such financial
information or data, including any data presented as run rate or combined, may not be included in, may be
adjusted in, or may be presented differently in any documents filed with the SEC by the Company or any entities associated therewith.
Audited results of Grover Charitable Gaming may differ materially from the information contained in this press release.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Light & Wonder Net Debt and Net Debt Leverage Ratio

Net debt is defined as total principal face value of debt outstanding,
the most directly comparable GAAP measure, less cash and cash equivalents. Principal face value of debt outstanding includes the face
value of debt issued under Senior Secured Credit Facilities and Senior Notes, which are described in Note 15 of the Company's Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and in Note 10 of the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, but it does not include other long-term obligations primarily comprised of certain revenue
transactions presented as debt in accordance with ASC 470.

Net debt leverage ratio, as used herein, represents Net debt divided
by Consolidated AEBITDA. The forward-looking non-GAAP financial measure targeted net debt leverage ratio is presented on a supplemental
basis and does not reflect Company guidance. We are not providing a forward-looking quantitative reconciliation of targeted net debt
leverage ratio to the most directly comparable GAAP measure because we are unable to predict with reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome
of certain significant items without unreasonable effort. These items are uncertain, depend on various factors and could have a material
impact on GAAP reported results for the relevant period.

Light & Wonder Consolidated AEBITDA

Consolidated AEBITDA, as used herein, is a non-GAAP financial measure
that is presented as a supplemental disclosure of the Companys operations and is reconciled to net income as the most directly
comparable GAAP measure. Consolidated AEBITDA should not be considered in isolation of, as a substitute for, or superior to, the consolidated
financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, and should be read in conjunction with the Company's financial statements filed
with the SEC. Consolidated AEBITDA may differ from similarly titled measures presented by other companies. Consolidated AEBITDA Target
denotes a non-GAAP financial measure. We are not providing a forward-looking quantitative reconciliation of targeted Consolidated AEBITDA
to the most directly comparable GAAP measure because we are unable to do so without unreasonable efforts or to reasonably estimate the
projected outcome of certain significant items. These items are uncertain, depend on various factors out of our control and could have
a material impact on the corresponding measures calculated in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated AEBITDA is reconciled to Net income attributable to L&W
and includes the following adjustments, as applicable: (1) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest; (2) Restructuring
and other, which includes charges or expenses attributable to: (i) employee severance; (ii) Management restructuring and related
costs; (iii) restructuring and integration (including costs associated with strategic review, rebranding, divestitures, SciPlay
acquisition and ongoing separation activities and related activities); (iv) cost savings initiatives; (v) major litigation;
and (vi) acquisition- and disposition-related costs and other unusual items; (3) Depreciation, amortization and impairment
charges and Goodwill impairments; (4) Loss on debt financing transactions; (5) Change in fair value of investments and Gain
on remeasurement of debt and other; (6) Interest expense; (7) Income tax expense; (8) Stock-based compensation; and (9) Other
expense (income), net, including foreign currency gains or losses and earnings from equity investments. AEBITDA is presented exclusively
as our segment measure of profit or loss. For more details, see the Companys earnings release furnished to the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) on November 12, 2024.

Light & Wonder Adjusted NPATA

Adjusted NPATA, as used herein, is a non-GAAP financial measure that
is presented as a supplemental disclosure of the Companys operations and is reconciled to net income as the most directly comparable
GAAP measure. Adjusted NPATA should not be considered in isolation of, as a substitute for, or superior to, the consolidated financial
information prepared in accordance with GAAP, and should be read in conjunction with the Company's financial statements filed with the
SEC. Adjusted NPATA may differ from similarly titled measures presented by other companies.

Adjusted NPATA is reconciled to Net income attributable to L&W
and includes the following adjustments, as applicable: (1) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest; (2) Amortization
of acquired intangible assets; (3) Non-cash asset and goodwill impairments; (4) Restructuring and other, which includes charges
or expenses attributable to: (i) employee severance; (ii) Management restructuring and related costs; (iii) restructuring
and integration (including costs associated with strategic review, rebranding, divestitures, SciPlay acquisition and ongoing separation
activities and related activities); (iv) cost savings initiatives; (v) major litigation; and (vi) acquisition- and disposition-related
costs and other unusual items; (5) Loss on debt financing transactions; (6) Change in fair value of investments and Gain on
remeasurement of debt and other; (7) Income tax impact on adjustments; and (8) Other expense (income), net, including foreign
currency gains or losses and earnings from equity investments. For more details, see the Companys earnings release furnished to
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on November 12, 2024.

Light & Wonder Adjusted NPATA Per Share Diluted

Adjusted NPATA per share, as used herein, is a non-GAAP financial
measure that is presented as a supplemental disclosure of the Companys operations on diluted basis and is reconciled to diluted
net income attributable to L&W per share as the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Adjusted NPATA per share should not be considered
in isolation of, as a substitute for, or superior to, the consolidated financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, and should
be read in conjunction with the Company's financial statements filed with the SEC. Adjusted NPATA per share may differ from similarly
titled measures presented by other companies. For more details, see the Companys earnings release furnished to the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) on November 12, 2024.

Grover Adjusted EBITDA

Grover Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that is presented
as a supplemental disclosure for illustrative purposes only, is unaudited and based on preliminary estimates and assumptions, and is
reconciled to operating income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, in a schedule below. Grover Adjusted EBITDA should not be
considered in isolation of, as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Grover Adjusted
EBITDA is presented exclusively as supplemental information to enhance an investors understanding of Grover results of operations
and may differ materially from similarly titled measures presented by other companies, including Light & Wonder Consolidated
AEBITDA.

Grover Adjusted EBITDA is reconciled to Grover Charitable Gamings
operating income, and includes the following adjustments, as applicable: (1) depreciation and amortization; (2) other income/expenses
primarily related to non-operating gain and losses; and (3) elimination of certain non-recurring distribution costs expected to
be eliminated in connection with the consummation of the transaction and certain other immaterial adjustments.

Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA

Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that
is presented as a supplemental disclosure for illustrative purposes only, is unaudited and based on preliminary estimates and assumptions.
Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation of, as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information
prepared in accordance with GAAP. Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA is presented exclusively as supplemental information to enhance an
investors understanding of Grover results of operations and may differ materially from similarly titled measures presented by
other companies, including Light & Wonder Consolidated AEBITDA.

Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA is derived from Grover Adjusted EBITDA
and further adjusts such measure to provide full-year revenue on a run rate basis of ending installed units multiplied by an average
rate per day and Grover Adjusted EBITDA margin rate for December 31, 2024. Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA does not include adjustments
to reflect assumed start-up and other costs that might be incurred post-closing of the transaction.

Grover Gaming Charitable
Business

RECONCILIATION
OF OPERATING INCOME TO GROVER

ADJUSTED EBITDA

(Preliminary and Unaudited)

Year Ended 

December
31, 

(millions in USD) 2024 

Operating income $ 82 

Depreciation and amortization 18 

Distribution costs
and other(1) 11 

Grover Adjusted EBITDA $ 111 

(1) Primarily represents certain non-recurring distribution costs
expected to be eliminated in connection with the consummation of the transaction.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL
Acquisition of Grover Gamings
Charitable Gaming Assets
February 18, 2025
Investor Presentation

2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 2
In this presentation, Light & Wonder, Inc. (Light & Wonder, L&W or the Company) makes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Light & Wonder makes "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements herein that describe the proposed transaction, including its financial impact, and other statements of
management's expectations, beliefs, assumptions, estimates and goals regarding the proposed transaction and can be identified by words such as continue, expect, target, "will," "may," and "should, or similar terminology. These statements are
based upon management's current expectations, assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of timing, future results, or performance. Similarly, statements herein that describe the proposed transaction, including its financial impact, and other
statements of management's expectations, beliefs, assumptions, estimates and goals regarding the proposed transaction are forward-looking statements. It is uncertain whether any of the events or results anticipated by the forward-looking statements
(including consummation of the proposed transaction) will transpire or occur, or if any of them do, what impact they will have on the results of operations and financial condition of the combined company or the price of Light & Wonder stock. Therefore,
you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including (i) the risk
that the conditions to the closing of the proposed transaction, including the receipt of regulatory and gaming approvals, may not be satisfied, (ii) the risk that a material adverse change, event or occurrence may affect the Company and Grover Charitable
Gaming (as defined below) prior to the closing of the proposed transaction and may delay the proposed transaction or cause the companies to abandon the proposed transaction, (iii) the risk that the proposed transaction may involve unexpected costs,
liabilities or delays, (iv) the risk that the businesses of the companies may suffer as a result of uncertainty surrounding the proposed transaction, (v) the risk that disruptions from the proposed transaction will harm relationships with customers, employees
suppliers or (vi) the risk that the Company may be unable to achieve expected financial, operational and strategic benefits of the proposed transaction and may not be able to successfully integrate Grover Charitable Gaming and into the Companys
operation, and those factors described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including Light & Wonders current reports on Form 8-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its annual report on Form 10-K that was filed
with the SEC on February 27, 2024 (including under the headings "Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors"). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except for Light & Wonders ongoing obligations under the
U.S. federal securities laws, Light & Wonder undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Additional Notes
This presentation may contain references to industry market data and certain industry forecasts. Industry market data and industry forecasts are obtained from publicly available information and industry publications. Industry publications generally state
that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that the accuracy and completeness of that information is not guaranteed. Although we believe industry information to be accurate, it is not independently
verified by us and we do not make any representation as to the accuracy of that information. In general, we believe there is less publicly available information concerning the international gaming, social and digital gaming industries than the same
industries in the U.S.
Due to rounding, certain numbers presented herein may not precisely recalculate.
Financial Information; Basis of Presentation
This presentation contains certain non-GAAP measures and run rate-adjusted and combined financial information which has been derived from the preliminary and unaudited financial information of Grover Charitable Gaming, without any other
adjustments except as otherwise stated herein. We identify such information as run rate, run rate-adjusted, combined, on a combined basis or non-GAAP, as appropriate. This information is for informational purposes only and does not purport
to represent what the financial position and results of operations of Grover Charitable Gaming, the Company or any segment of the Company, as appropriate, would have been if the transactions had occurred at specified dates or may be in the future
after giving effect to the acquisition.
The financial information for Grover Charitable Gaming presented herein has been prepared from management accounts, is preliminary, unaudited and does not conform to Regulation S-X. Accordingly, such financial information or data, including any
data presented as run rate or combined may not be included in, may be adjusted in, or may be presented differently in any documents filed with the SEC by the Company or any entities associated therewith. Audited results of Grover Charitable
Gaming may differ materially from the information contained in this presentation.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
This investor presentation includes the presentation and discussion of Grover Adjusted EBITDA, Grover Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted NPATA, Adjusted NPATA per share and net debt leverage ratios. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented as supplemental disclosures. They should not be considered in isolation of, as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, and should be read in conjunction with
the Companys financial statements filed with the SEC. The non-GAAP financial measures used herein may differ from similarly titled measures presented by other companies. Non-GAAP financial measures used herein for Grover Charitable Gaming
financials may differ from similarly titled measures presented by the Company and may not be directly, or at all, comparable.
We are not providing forward looking information for GAAP reported financial measures or a quantitative reconciliation of forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures because we are unable to predict
with reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome of certain significant items without unreasonable effort. These items are uncertain, depend on various factors and could have a material impact on GAAP reported results for the relevant period.
Forward-Looking Statements and Disclaimers

1. Acquisition Summary
2. Overview of Grover Charitable Gaming
3. Strategic Rationale
4. Financial Overview
5. Q&A
6. Conclusion
7. Appendices
2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 3
Agenda

2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 4
Acquisition
Summary

2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL
Transaction Overview
Acquisition
Summary
Light & Wonder, Inc. (NASDAQ and ASX: LNW) (together with its subsidiaries Light & Wonder, L&W or the Company) today
announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the charitable gaming assets (Grover Charitable Gaming) of
Grover Gaming, Inc. and G2 Gaming, Inc. (together, Grover Gaming) for a total consideration of:
An upfront amount of $850 million cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments; and
A four-year revenue based earn-out of up to $200 million cash
Upfront consideration implies a multiple of ~7.7x based on 2024 Grover Adjusted EBITDA(1) and a ~7.1x multiple based on Grover
Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA(1,2)
Grover Charitable Gaming is a vertically integrated provider of electronic pull tabs (E-Pull tabs) to charitable organizations across
five U.S. states: North Dakota, Ohio, Virginia, Kentucky, and New Hampshire
The acquisition of Grover Charitable Gaming provides several compelling strategic and financial benefits:
A leading position in the fast-growing charitable gaming space and a best-in-class supplier in every state it operates across
Transaction complements L&Ws cross-platform gaming strategy expanding into another high-growth, regulated adjacency
Loyal customer base supported by strong customer relationships tied to in-market local teams
Attractive financial profile which is expected to be highly accretive to value and earnings
Funding and capital
management
Light & Wonder expects to fund the acquisition with existing cash and incremental debt financing
Post-acquisition, Light & Wonder expects its net debt leverage ratio(3) on a combined basis to remain within its target range of 2.5x-3.5x
Financial impacts
High-single digit Adjusted NPATA per share(1) accretion in the first full calendar year post acquisition
L&W expects to deliver revenue growth utilizing its industry-leading content and Grovers best-in-class customer relationships and
team
Acquisition Summary
5
Notes: (1) Denotes a non-GAAP financial measure based on preliminary and unaudited financial information. Additional information on non-GAAP financial measures presented herein is available at the end of this release; (2) Grover
Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA is derived from Grover Adjusted EBITDA and further adjusts such measure to provide full-year revenue on a run rate basis of ending installed units multiplied by an average rate per day and Grover Adjusted
EBITDA margin rate for December 31, 2024. Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA does not include adjustments to reflect assumed start-up and other costs that might be incurred post-closing; (3) Calculated on a combined basis
assuming a full year contribution of earnings. Additional information on the non-GAAP financial measure targeted net debt leverage ratio is available in the appendix.

2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL
Transaction Overview contd
6
Management / key
talent
Key members of Grovers team have signed employment offer letters with L&W reflecting their commitment to the combined Grover and
L&W Group
Governance &
Agreements
Post acquisition, Light & Wonder will operate the business with a combination of Grover Gaming and Light & Wonder employees
Under the terms of the agreement, Grover founder, Garrett Blackwelder, will collaborate with Light & Wonder to help drive the
continued success of the business over the next three years
At closing, Light & Wonder will enter into various other commercial arrangements with the existing Grover business including:
Device Manufacturing & Supply Agreement agreement for the continued supply of hardware
Paper Supply Agreement agreement to buy printed paper pull-tabs
Transition Services Agreement agreement to ensure smooth transition of the business
Timing and
approvals
Transaction expected to close in Q2 2025, subject to receipt of the required regulatory and other approvals and customary closing
conditions
Acquisition Summary
6

Acquiring Grover Gamings charitable gaming business, a provider of E-Pull tabs to charitable
organizations across North America
A leading position in a fast-growing sector with best-in-class positions in all states it currently
operates across
Recurring revenue base(1), strong margins and highly cash-generative business, underpinned by
low customer churn driven by a highly loyal customer base
Opportunities for value creation leveraging L&Ws content in line with L&Ws cross-platform
strategy
Transaction is expected to be accretive to value and earnings with high-single digit Adjusted
NPATA(2) per share accretion, in the first full calendar year post acquisition
2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 7
Acquisition Summary Investment Highlights
Notes: (1) Refers to revenue participation model; (2) Denotes a non-GAAP financial measure based on preliminary and unaudited financial information. Additional information on non-GAAP financial measures is available in the appendix.

2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 8
Overview of Grover
Charitable Gaming

Notes: (1) Denotes a non-GAAP financial measure based on preliminary and unaudited financial information. Additional information on non-GAAP financial measures is available in the appendix; (2) Refers to revenue participation model. 2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 9
A leading provider and first mover in the E-Pull tabs charitable gaming space
Currently provides E-Pull tabs to charitable organizations across five key
states: Kentucky, New Hampshire, North Dakota, Ohio and Virginia
Provides charities with access to high-quality E-Pull tab devices and a library
of well-known games
Vertically integrated E-Pull tab operations allow charities to maximize funds
to their respective organizations
Recurring revenue(2) and high cash flow generation
Overview
+1,500 +10,000 5 states ~$135m ~$111m
Overview of Grover Charitable Gaming A leading player in the charitable gaming E-Pull tab market
Customers Installed devices
Operating across
2024 Revenue 2024 Grover
Adjusted EBITDA(1)

2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 10
E-Pull tabs legal in 11 states today vs. 39 states for paper products in
charitable gaming potential for expansion if E-Pull tabs legalize in new
states
New
Hampshire
Kentucky
Virginia
Ohio
North
Dakota
E-Pull tabs legalized in 2015(1)
Grover placed its first unit in 2015
Currently no limit on max devices per locations
Suppliers can distribute direct to customers
E-Pull tabs legalized in 2015
Grover enters E-Pull tab market in 2016 (tablets only)
Cabinets legalized in 2023
Max 35-50 E-Pull tab devices depending on the location
Suppliers can distribute direct to customers
E-Pull tabs legalized in 2012
Grover enters E-Pull tab market in 2013
Max 18 E-Pull tab devices per location
Suppliers can distribute direct to customers
E-Pull tabs legalized in 2021
Grover enters E-Pull tab market in 2022
Max 10 E-Pull tab devices per location
Suppliers can distribute direct to customers
E-Pull tabs legalized in 2017
Grover enters E-Pull tab market in 2018
Max 10 E-Pull tab devices per location
All suppliers must utilize a distributor
2024 Revenue
contribution by
state
Overview of Grover Charitable Gaming Established and scaled network across five states
Note: (1) Control of the New Hampshire E-Pull tabs moved from the charitable gaming commission to the lottery commission in 2015.

2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 11
Electronic Pull
Tabs Provider
Local
Businesses
Loyal
Customers
Local
Charities
Local Businesses
In select jurisdictions, placement of products in bars and
restaurants helps drive increased attendance and revenue
for local businesses
Strong revenue for charities results in consistent
community investments
Loyal Customers
Hyper-locality drives frequent customer play and player
loyalty
Exciting new games and features drives retention of
current players and attracts new players
Local Charities
Consistent fundraising tool with less time and manpower
required vs. traditional fundraising
Electronic pull tabs offer additional revenue providing an
alternative game to legacy paper pull tabs
Electronic Pull Tabs Provider
Recurring revenue(1), benefitting from revenue sharing
business model
Widespread legalization opportunity with numerous
participating charities leads to large revenue opportunity
Highly attractive business model benefits all stakeholders Overview of Grover Charitable Gaming
Note: (1) Refers to revenue participation model.

Industry-leading E-Pull tab products supported
by sales and service teams with extensive
gaming experiences
Deep content library
Significant opportunity to leverage LNWs proven
land-based content and mechanics alongside
Grovers deep eGaming product library
All cabinets and games are fully customizable to
be tailored for specific market regulations
2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 12
Hardware Games Underlying Infrastructure
On-site cloud-based server for
content deployment, reporting
and gameplay analytics
Game development
11 distinct cabinet types
Immersive animations and
displays
Custom gameplay features
Custom options and features
Market Overview of Grover Charitable Gaming
-leading E-Pull tab product and infrastructure

2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 13
Strategic Rationale

Source: Management estimates derived from publicly available data
Notes: (1) Comprises states in which Grover Charitable Gaming is currently operating in (North Dakota, Ohio, Kentucky, Virginia, and New Hampshire); (2) Denotes a non-GAAP financial measure based on preliminary and unaudited
financial information. Additional information on non-GAAP financial measures is available in the appendix.
2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 14
Strategic Rationale Strategic Rationale
Leading player in fast
growing adjacency
Grover is a leading player
in the charitable gaming
space
The charitable gaming
space has had a strong
post-COVID recovery and
has exhibited continued
momentum growing at
over 20% CAGR from 2019
to 2024(1)
Opportunity for value
creation leveraging
L&Ws content
Represents a highly
complementary adjacency
with opportunity to
leverage existing L&W
content in line with
L&Ws cross-platform
gaming strategy
High growth, regulated
adjacency in which L&W is
not currently a participant
Loyal customer base
Highly fragmented and
loyal customer base
Loyalty created by
relationships, reputation
and brand recognition
Customer relationship tied
to in-market local teams
Attractive financial
profile, expected to
deliver strong returns
for shareholders
Transaction is expected to
be accretive to value and
earnings with high-single
digit Adjusted NPATA(2)
per share accretion in the
first full calendar year post
acquisition
Acquiring business with
high margin and attractive
cash generative financial
profile
Retaining a prudent
balance sheet post
acquisition
Mission, vision, and
values driven culture
Grover has built a culture
with a strong foundation of
humble, passionate
people, effective
processes, and quality
products
Mission driven by curating
entertaining gaming
experiences through a
team committed to growth
and progress

Hardware
2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 15
Gaming
iGaming SciPlay
Charitable
Gaming
L&Ws cross-platform R&D engine will power all four verticals Strategic Rationale
Tech
Games

Source: L&W industry analysis.
Notes: (1) Video Lottery Terminals; (2) Coin Operated Amusement Machines; (3) Historical Horse Racing.
2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 16
Key highlights:
Opportunity to expand into another high
growth regulated adjacency in which
L&W is not currently a participant
Directly fits in L&Ws cross-platform
gaming strategy with ability to distribute
content into a new customer base
Opportunity to enhance revenue
leveraging L&W content and technology
capabilities
Continued expansion across natural land-based adjacencies
Class II VLT(1)
COAM(2) HHR(3)
Charitable
Opportunity for value creation leveraging L&W Strategic Rationale
s content

Charitable gaming venues
2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 17
Trusted by National Charities
Loyal customers
Nationwide, fragmented customer base

Large addressable market with strong
growth and economic resiliency

Deeply engrained customer
relationships drive loyalty

Market-driven demand for well
established products and brands
Attractive customer base
Bingo Facilities Fraternals & Social
Clubs Bars & Taverns
Strategic Rationale Loyal and fragmented customer base

2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 18
Financial
Overview

Grover Charitable Gaming has experienced significant growth over recent years
2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 19
Grover Adjusted EBITDA(1) (US$m) and margin(1) Revenue (US$m) and CAGR (%) (%)
CAGR: +29% 80% 81% 82%
Grover Charitable Gaming financial overview Financial Overview
65
83
111
2022 2023 2024
81
103
135
2022 2023 2024
Notes: (1) Denotes a non-GAAP financial measure based on preliminary and unaudited financial information. Additional information on non-GAAP financial measures is available in the appendix.
In line with our cross-platform strategy Light & Wonder anticipates investing in content and technology to unlock
potential revenue opportunities from distributing its leading land-based content to a new customer base 

2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 20
Q&A

21
Conclusion
2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL

2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL 22
Appendices

23
Light & Wonder Net Debt and Net Debt Leverage Ratio
Net debt is defined as total principal face value of debt outstanding, the most directly comparable GAAP measure,
less cash and cash equivalents. Principal face value of debt outstanding includes the face value of debt issued
under Senior Secured Credit Facilities and Senior Notes, which are described in Note 15 of the Company's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and in Note 10 of the Companys Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, but it does not include other long-term
obligations primarily comprised of certain revenue transactions presented as debt in accordance with ASC 470.
Net debt leverage ratio, as used herein, represents Net debt divided by Consolidated AEBITDA. The forward-looking non-GAAP financial measure targeted net debt leverage ratio is presented on a supplemental basis and
does not reflect Company guidance. We are not providing a forward-looking quantitative reconciliation of targeted
net debt leverage ratio to the most directly comparable GAAP measure because we are unable to predict with
reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome of certain significant items without unreasonable effort. These items are
uncertain, depend on various factors and could have a material impact on GAAP reported results for the relevant
period.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Light & Wonder Consolidated AEBITDA
Consolidated AEBITDA, as used herein, is a non-GAAP financial measure that is presented as a supplemental
disclosure of the Companys operations and is reconciled to net income as the most directly comparable GAAP
measure. Consolidated AEBITDA should not be considered in isolation of, as a substitute for, or superior to, the
consolidated financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, and should be read in conjunction with the
Company's financial statements filed with the SEC. Consolidated AEBITDA may differ from similarly titled
measures presented by other companies.
Consolidated AEBITDA is reconciled to Net income attributable to L&W and includes the following adjustments, as
applicable: (1) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest; (2) Restructuring and other, which includes
charges or expenses attributable to: (i) employee severance; (ii) Management restructuring and related costs; (iii)
restructuring and integration (including costs associated with strategic review, rebranding, divestitures, SciPlay
acquisition and ongoing separation activities and related activities); (iv) cost savings initiatives; (v) major litigation;
and (vi) acquisition- and disposition-related costs and other unusual items; (3) Depreciation, amortization and
impairment charges and Goodwill impairments; (4) Loss on debt financing transactions; (5) Change in fair value of
investments and Gain on remeasurement of debt and other; (6) Interest expense; (7) Income tax expense; (8)
Stock-based compensation; and (9) Other expense (income), net, including foreign currency gains or losses and
earnings from equity investments. AEBITDA is presented exclusively as our segment measure of profit or loss. For
more details, see the Companys earnings release furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) on November 12, 2024.
Appendices
2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL

24
Light & Wonder Adjusted NPATA
Adjusted NPATA, as used herein, is a non-GAAP financial measure that is presented as a supplemental disclosure
of the Companys operations and is reconciled to net income as the most directly comparable GAAP measure.
Adjusted NPATA should not be considered in isolation of, as a substitute for, or superior to, the consolidated
financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, and should be read in conjunction with the Company's
financial statements filed with the SEC. Adjusted NPATA may differ from similarly titled measures presented by
other companies.
Adjusted NPATA is reconciled to Net income attributable to L&W and includes the following adjustments, as
applicable: (1) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest; (2) Amortization of acquired intangible assets; (3)
Non-cash asset and goodwill impairments; (4) Restructuring and other, which includes charges or expenses
attributable to: (i) employee severance; (ii) Management restructuring and related costs; (iii) restructuring and
integration (including costs associated with strategic review, rebranding, divestitures, SciPlay acquisition and
ongoing separation activities and related activities); (iv) cost savings initiatives; (v) major litigation; and (vi)
acquisition- and disposition-related costs and other unusual items; (5) Loss on debt financing transactions; (6)
Change in fair value of investments and Gain on remeasurement of debt and other; (7) Income tax impact on
adjustments; and (8) Other expense (income), net, including foreign currency gains or losses and earnings from
equity investments. For more details, see the Companys earnings release furnished to the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) on November 12, 2024.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Light & Wonder Adjusted NPATA Per Share Diluted
Adjusted NPATA per share, as used herein, is a non-GAAP financial measure that is presented as a supplemental
disclosure of the Companys operations on diluted basis and is reconciled to diluted net income attributable to
L&W per share as the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Adjusted NPATA per share should not be
considered in isolation of, as a substitute for, or superior to, the consolidated financial information prepared in
accordance with GAAP, and should be read in conjunction with the Company's financial statements filed with the
SEC. Adjusted NPATA per share may differ from similarly titled measures presented by other companies. For
more details, see the Companys earnings release furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) on November 12, 2024.
Appendices
2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL

25
Grover Adjusted EBITDA
Grover Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that is presented as a supplemental disclosure for
illustrative purposes only, is unaudited and based on preliminary estimates and assumptions, and is reconciled to
operating income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, in a schedule below. Grover Adjusted EBITDA
should not be considered in isolation of, as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared in
accordance with GAAP. Grover Adjusted EBITDA is presented exclusively as supplemental information to enhance
an investors understanding of Grover results of operations and may differ materially from similarly titled measures
presented by other companies, including Light & Wonder Consolidated AEBITDA.
Grover Adjusted EBITDA is reconciled to Grover Charitable Gamings operating income, and includes the
following adjustments, as applicable: (1) depreciation and amortization; (2) other income/expenses primarily
related to non-operating gain and losses; and (3) elimination of certain non-recurring distribution costs expected
to be eliminated in connection with the consummation of the transaction and certain other immaterial adjustments
Grover Adjusted EBITDA Margin
Grover Adjusted EBITDA Margin, as used herein, represents Grover Adjusted EBITDA (as defined above)
calculated as a percentage of Grover Charitable Gaming revenue. Grover Adjusted EBITDA margin is a non-GAAP
financial measure that is presented as a supplemental disclosure for illustrative purposes only and is reconciled to
Grover Charitable Gaming operating income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, in a schedule below.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA
Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that is presented as a supplemental
disclosure for illustrative purposes only, is unaudited and based on preliminary estimates and assumptions. Grover
Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation of, as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial
information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA is presented exclusively as
supplemental information to enhance an investors understanding of Grover results of operations and may differ
materially from similarly titled measures presented by other companies, including Light & Wonder Consolidated
AEBITDA.
Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA is derived from Grover Adjusted EBITDA and further adjusts such measure to
provide full-year revenue on a run rate basis of ending installed units multiplied by an average rate per day and
Grover Adjusted EBITDA margin rate for December 31, 2024. Grover Run Rate Adjusted EBITDA does not include
adjustments to reflect assumed start-up and other costs that might be incurred post-closing of the transaction.
Appendices
2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL

26 Note: (1) Primarily represents certain non-recurring distribution costs expected to be eliminated in connection with the consummation of the transaction.
Reconciliation of non-GAAP information to US GAAP Appendices
Reconciliation of Operating Income to Grover Adjusted EBITDA
Preliminary and Unaudited
2025 LIGHT & WONDER | CONFIDENTIAL
Year Ended December 31,
(millions in USD) 2022 2023 2024
Operating income 48 60 82
Depreciation and amortization 11 15 18
Other (income) expense, net 2 (1) -
Distribution cost and other(1) 4 9 11
Grover Adjusted EBITDA 65 83 111
Reconciliation to Grover Adjusted EBITDA Margin
Grover Adjusted EBITDA 65 83 111
Revenue 81 103 135
Operating income margin 59% 58% 61%
Grover Adjusted EBITDA margin (Grover Adjusted EBITDA/Revenue) 80% 81% 82%
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lnw-20250217.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>lnw-20250217_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>lnw-20250217_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_ex99-2img026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 001-11693

Entity Registrant Name Light
& Wonder, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000750004

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-0422894

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 6601
Bermuda Road

Entity Address, City or Town Las Vegas

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89119

City Area Code 702

Local Phone Number 897-7150

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $.001 par value

Trading Symbol LNW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://lnw.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

lnw-20250217.xsd 
lnw-20250217_lab.xml 
lnw-20250217_pre.xml 
tm256405d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-014535-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>tm256405d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000750004 

2025-02-17 
2025-02-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000750004 
8-K 
2025-02-17 
Light & Wonder, Inc. 
NV 
81-0422894 
001-11693 
6601 Bermuda Road 
Las Vegas 
NV 
89119 
702 
897-7150 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $.001 par value 
LNW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>