<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-024110.txt : 20250314
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-024110.hdr.sgml : 20250314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250314160138
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-024110
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250312
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Marwynn Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002030522
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-GROCERIES & GENERAL LINE [5141]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				991867981
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42554
		FILM NUMBER:		25739843

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12 CHRYSLER UNIT C
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-706-9966

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12 CHRYSLER UNIT C
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0234383-8k_marwynn.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported):
March 12, 2025

MARWYNN HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter)

Nevada 001-42554 99-1867981

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

12 Chrysler
Unit C

Irvine, CA 92618

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: 949-706-9966

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Symbol(s)

on which registered Trading Name of each exchange

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share MWYN 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 12, 2025, Marwynn Holdings, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with American
Trust Investment Services, Inc., as representative of the several underwriters (the Representative), pursuant to which the
Company issued and sold an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common
Stock), in the initial public offering (the Offering) pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284245)
and a related prospectus supplements dated March 12, 2025, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (Commission). 
The Common Stock was sold at an offering price of $4.00 per share (the Public Offering Price), generating gross proceeds
to the Company of $8,000,000, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from
the Offering towards supply chain enhancements, business expansion, sales and distribution growth, talent development and retention, working
capital, and other general corporate purposes.

The Common Stock commenced trading on The Nasdaq
Capital Market on March 13, 2025 under the symbol MWYN. The closing of the Offering took place on March 14, 2025.

Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company
granted the Representative a 45-day option to purchase up to 300,000 shares of Common Stock at the Public Offering Price, less the
underwriting discount, to cover over-allotments, if any. The Company also agreed to issue to the Representative (or its permitted assignees)
a warrant (Representative Warrant) to purchase up to 100,000 shares of Common Stock (and up to 115,000 shares of Common
Stock assuming the Representatives option is exercised in full), which is equal to 5% of the shares sold in the Offering, exercisable
for cash or on a cashless basis at a per share price equal to $4.80 per share. The Representative Warrant will be exercisable at any time,
and from time to time, in whole or in part, after 180 days from March 11, 2025, and will expire on March 11, 2030. In addition, the Representative
Warrant provides for certain demand and piggyback registration rights. The exercise price and number of shares issuable may be adjusted
in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary cash dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization,
merger or consolidation.

The Underwriting Agreement includes customary
representations, warranties and covenants by the Company. The Company also agreed to indemnify the underwriters against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), and to contribute to payments that
the underwriters may be required to make for these liabilities.

The foregoing description of the Underwriting
Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Underwriting Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 1.1 and
incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Representative Warrant is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the Representatives Warrant Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

1

Item 8.01.Other Events.

On March 12, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the pricing of the Offering. The press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

On March 14, 2025, the Company issued a
press release announcing the closing of the Offering. The press release is filed as Exhibit 99.2 hereto and is incorporated herein by
reference.

The corporate press releases shall not be deemed
filed for any purpose, including for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such Section 18. The information in this Item 8.01, as well as
Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act regardless
of any general incorporation language in such filing.

The press releases contain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. With the exception of historical matters, the matters discussed
in the press releases include forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Such forward-looking statements
include, among others, statements regarding the Companys projects and potential financial performance. The words believes,
expects, intends, plans, anticipates, hopes, likely,
and similar expressions are intended to identify certain of these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the Companys
expectations and involve risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results performance or achievements
of the Company (or entities in which the Company has interests), or industry results, to differ materially from future results, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Certain factors that could cause the Companys actual future
results to differ materially from those discussed are noted in connection with such statements, but other unanticipated factors could
arise. Certain risks regarding the Companys forward-looking statements are discussed in the Companys filings with the Commission,
including an extensive discussion of these risks in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared effective by the
Commission on March 11, 2025. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect managements
view only as of the date of this Form 8-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, conditions or
circumstances.

Item 9.01.
Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 12, 2025, by and between the Company and American Trust Investment Services, Inc.

4.1 Form of The
Representatives Warrant Agreement

99.1 Press Release of the Company Announcing Pricing of the Offering, dated March 12, 2025

99.2 Press Release of the Company Announcing Closing of the Offering, dated March 14, 2025

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Marwynn Holdings, Inc.

By: /s/ Yin Yan

Name: Yin Yan

Date: March 14, 2025 Title: 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023438301ex1-1_marwynn.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 12, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND AMERICAN TRUST INVESTMENT SERVICES, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

EXECUTION VERSION

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

between

MARWYNN
HOLDINGS, INC.

and

AMERICAN TRUST INVESTMENT SERVICES, INC.,

as Representative of the Several Underwriters

MARWYNN
HOLDINGS, INC.

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

San Clemente, California

March 12, 2025

American Trust Investment Services, Inc.

as Representative of the several Underwriters
named on Schedule 1 attached hereto

910 S. El Camino Real, Suite 200

San Clemente, California 92672 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, Marwynn Holdings,
Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Nevada (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, without
limitation, all entities disclosed or described in the Registration Statement (as hereinafter defined) as being a subsidiary, the Company),
hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with American Trust Investment Services, Inc. (hereinafter referred
to as you (including its correlatives) or the Representative), and with the other underwriters named
on Schedule 1 hereto for which the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative and such other underwriters being
collectively called the Underwriters or, individually, an Underwriter) as follows:

1.
PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES.

1.1. Firm Shares.

1.1.1. Nature and
Purchase of Firm Shares.

(i) On the basis of
the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company agrees to issue
and sell to the several Underwriters, an aggregate of 2,000,000 authorized but unissued shares common stock, $0.001 par value (Common
Stock), of the Company (the Firm Shares).

(ii) The Underwriters,
severally and not jointly, agree to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Shares set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule
1 attached hereto and made a part hereof, at a purchase price of $4.00 per Firm Share. The Firm Shares are to be offered initially to
the public at the offering price set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof).

1.1.2. Payment
and Delivery of Securities.

(i) Delivery and payment
for the Firm Shares shall be made at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the second (2nd) Business Day following the Applicable Time,
or at such time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of DeMint Law, PLLC, 3753 Howard Hughes
Parkway, Second Floor Suite 314, Las Vegas, Nevada 89169 (Representative Counsel), or at such other place (or remotely
by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery
and payment for the Firm Shares is called the Closing Date.

(ii) Payment for
the Firm Shares shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable to the order of the Company
upon delivery of the certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) representing the Firm Shares (or through
the facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Shares
shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least
one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Shares except upon
tender of payment by the Representative for all of the Firm Shares. The term Business Day means any day other
than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain
closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain
closed due to stay-at-home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar
orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the
electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for
use by customers on such day.

2

1.2. Option.

1.2.1. Option Shares.
The Company hereby grants to the Underwriters an option to purchase up to 300,000 additional shares of Common Stock (the Option
Shares), representing fifteen percent (15%) of the Firm Shares sold in the offering, from the Company (the Option).
The purchase price to be paid per Option Share shall be equal to the price per Firm Share set forth in Section 1.1.1 hereof. The Firm
Shares and the Option Shares are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Public Securities. The offering and
sale of the Public Securities is hereinafter referred to as the Offering.

1.2.2. Exercise
of Option. The Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at any time) or any
part (from time to time) of the Option Shares within 45 days after the Closing Date. The purchase price to be paid per Option Share shall
be equal to the Firm Share purchase price set forth in Section 1.1.1(ii) hereof. The Underwriters shall not be under any obligation to
purchase any Option Shares prior to the exercise of the Option. The Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice
to the Company from the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing by overnight mail or facsimile or other electronic transmission
setting forth the number of Option Shares to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Shares (the
Option Closing Date), which shall not be later than five (5) Business Day after the date of the notice or such other
time as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of Representative Counsel or, at such other place (including
remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery
and payment for the Option Shares does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon
exercise of the Option with respect to all or any portion of the Option Shares, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein,
(i) the Company shall become obligated to sell to the Underwriters the number of Option Shares specified in such notice and (ii) each
of the Underwriters, acting severally and not jointly, shall purchase that portion of the total number of Option then being purchased
as set forth in Schedule 1 opposite the name of such Underwriter.

1.2.3. Payment
and Delivery. Payment for the Option Shares shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds,
payable to the order of the Company upon delivery to Representative of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters)
representing the Option Shares (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Underwriters. The Option Shares shall be registered
in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least one (1) Business Day
prior to the Option Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Shares except upon tender of payment
by the Representative for applicable Option Shares.

1.3. Representatives
Warrants.

1.3.1. Purchase
Warrants. The Company hereby agrees to issue to the Representative (and/or its designees) on the Closing Date a warrant
(Representatives Warrants) for the purchase of an aggregate of 100,000 shares of Common Stock,
representing 5% of the number of Firm Shares. The agreement(s) representing the Representatives Warrants, in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Representatives Warrant Agreement), shall be exercisable, in
whole or in part, commencing on a date which is six (6) months after the effective date (the Effective Date) of
the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1 below) and expiring on the five-year anniversary of the Effective Date at an
initial exercise price per share of Common Stock of $4.80, which is equal to 120% of the initial public offering price of the Firm
Shares. The Representatives Warrant Agreement and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof are hereinafter
referred to together as the Representatives Securities. The Representative understands and agrees that
there are significant restrictions pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 against transferring the Representatives Warrant Agreement and
the underlying shares of Common Stock during the 180 days after the Effective Date and by its acceptance thereof shall agree that it
will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate the Representatives Warrant Agreement, or any portion thereof, or be
the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition
of such securities for a period of 180 days following the Effective Date to anyone other than (i) an Underwriter or a selected
dealer in connection with the Offering, or (ii) a bona fide officer or partner of the Representative or of any such Underwriter or
selected dealer; and only if any such transferee agrees to the foregoing lock-up restrictions.

3

1.3.2. Delivery.
Delivery of the Representatives Warrant Agreement shall be made on the Closing Date, and shall be issued in the name or names and
in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request.

2.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.

The Company represents and
warrants to the Underwriters as of the Applicable Time (as defined below), as of the Closing Date and as of the Option Closing Date, if
any, as follows:

2.1. Filing of Registration
Statement.

2.1.1. Pursuant
to the Securities Act. The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement, and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284245), including any related prospectus
or prospectuses, for the registration of the Public Securities and the Representatives Securities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act). Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended,
on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement became effective (including the Preliminary Prospectus included in
the registration statement, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated
therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of the Effective Date pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 430A (the Rule
430A Information) of the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the Securities Act Regulations),
is referred to herein as the Registration Statement. If the Company files any registration statement pursuant to
Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, then after such filing, the term Registration Statement shall include
such registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b). The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on
the date hereof.

Each prospectus used
prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and each prospectus that omitted the Rule 430A Information that was used after
such effectiveness and prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, is herein called a Preliminary Prospectus.
The Preliminary Prospectus, subject to completion, dated February 18, 2025, that was included in the Registration Statement immediately
prior to the Applicable Time is hereinafter called the Pricing Prospectus. The final prospectus in the form first
furnished to the Underwriters for use in the Offering, that includes the Rule 430A Information, is hereinafter called the Prospectus.
Any reference to the most recent Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to the latest Preliminary Prospectus included
in the Registration Statement.

Applicable
Time means 5:00p.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement.

Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations
(Rule 433), including without limitation any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act Regulations) relating to the Public Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii)
a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed
with the Commission, or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of
the Public Securities or of the Offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed
with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

4

Issuer General
Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective
investors (other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433 (the Bona Fide Electronic
Road Show)), as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule 2-B hereto.

Issuer Limited
Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus.

Pricing
Disclosure Package means any Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, the Pricing
Prospectus and the information included on Schedule 2 A hereto, all considered together.

Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the
Securities Act. Each such communication is listed on Exhibit E hereto.

2.1.2. Pursuant
to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A (File Number 001-42554) providing for the registration of
the Common Stock. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act). The registration of Common Stock under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission
on or prior to the date hereof. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating
terminating such registration.

2.2. Stock Exchange Listing.
The Common Stock has been approved for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange), subject only to official
notice of issuance, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the Common Stock from
the Exchange, nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating such listing except as described
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.3. No Stop Orders, etc.
Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any order preventing or suspending
the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted or, to the Companys knowledge,
threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission
for additional information.

2.4. Disclosures in Registration
Statement.

2.4.1. Compliance
with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation.

(i) Each of the Registration
Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus, including the prospectus filed as part of the Registration
Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment or supplement thereto, and the Prospectus, at the time each was filed with the
Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary
Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this Offering and the Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically
transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to the Commissions EDGAR filing system (EDGAR),
except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T promulgated under the Securities Act (Regulation S-T).

(ii) Neither the Registration
Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date
(if any), contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

5

(iii) The Pricing
Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date (if any), did not, does not and will
not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and each Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus hereto
does not conflict in any material respect with the information contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the
Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, and each such Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented by and taken together
with the Pricing Prospectus as of the Applicable Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided,
however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Representative expressly for use in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree
that such information provided by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists solely of the following disclosure contained in the Underwriting
section of the Prospectus: the names of the Underwriters, the information in the second paragraph under the subheading titled Discounts
and Commissions and the information under the subheadings titled Stabilization and Electronic Offer, Sale
and Distribution of Shares (the Underwriters Information).

(iv) Neither the Prospectus
nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time of any filing with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date, included, includes or will include an untrue statement of
a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply
to the Underwriters Information.

2.4.2. Disclosure
of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required
by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed.
Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound
or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, or (ii) is material
to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material
respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its
terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities
laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable
defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and except for any unenforceability that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change (as defined in Section 2.5.1
below). None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge,
any other party is in material default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of
time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder except for such defaults that would not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Change (as defined in Section 2.5.1 below). To the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company
of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law (including,
without limitation, common law), statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, decree, injunction or ordinance of any governmental or regulatory
agency, authority, body, entity or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses
(each, a Governmental Entity), including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations,
that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change as defined in Section
2.5.1 below.

6

2.4.3. Reserved.

2.4.4. Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, state,
local and all foreign laws, rules and regulations relating to the Offering and the Companys business as currently conducted or
contemplated are correct and complete in all material respects and no other such laws, rules or regulations are required under the Securities
Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
which are not so disclosed.

2.4.5. No Other
Distribution of Offering Materials. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not distribute any offering
material in connection with the Offering other than any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Prospectus and
other materials, if any, permitted under the Securities Act and consistent with Section 3.2 below.

2.5. Changes After Dates
in Registration Statement.

2.5.1. No Material
Adverse Change. Since the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the financial
position or results of operations of the Company or its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, nor to the Companys knowledge, any change
or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change,
in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company
or its Subsidiaries, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) no officer or director of the Company has resigned
from any position with the Company.

2.5.2. Recent Securities
Transactions, etc. Since the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation,
direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its
capital stock.

2.6. Reserved.

2.7. Independent Accountants.
Golden Eagle CPAs LLC (the Auditor), whose report is filed with the Commission as part of the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act
and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The Auditor has not, during the periods covered
by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, provided to the
Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

7

2.8. Financial
Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly present in all material respects the financial position and the
results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial statements have been
prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied
throughout the periods involved (provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that
are not expected to be material in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and the supporting schedules
included in the Registration Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein. Except
as included therein, no historical or pro forma financial statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus under the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro forma and pro forma
as adjusted financial information and the related notes, if any, included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus have been properly compiled and prepared in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities
Act and the Securities Act Regulations and present fairly in all material respects the information shown therein, and the
assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the
transactions and circumstances referred to therein. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commission), if any, comply in all material respects with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of
the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other
relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the
Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital
resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (a) since the date of the last balance sheet included in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries, including each entity disclosed or
described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as being a subsidiary of the Company (the
Subsidiaries), has incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered into any
material transactions other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not declared or paid any dividends or made
any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock, (c) there has not been any change in the capital stock of the
Company or its Subsidiaries, or, other than in the ordinary course of business, any grants under any stock compensation plan, and
(d) there has not been any material adverse change in the Companys long-term or short-term debt. The Company represents that
it has no direct or indirect subsidiaries other than those listed in Exhibit 21.1 to the Registration Statement.

2.9. Authorized Capital;
Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the adjusted capitalization set
forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
on the Effective Date, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, there will be no stock options,
warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued shares of Common Stock of the Company or any security
convertible or exercisable into shares of Common Stock of the Company, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell shares of Common
Stock or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities. The information set forth under the caption Capitalization
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (and any similar section or information contained in the Pricing Disclosure Package)
is true and correct. All of the Public Securities conform to the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The form of certificates for the Public Securities conforms to U.S. federal and applicable state
laws and to any requirements of the Companys organizational documents. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information
is given in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein
or in this Agreement, the Company has not: (A) issued any securities; (B) incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent,
for borrowed money; or (C) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its capital stock.

2.10. Valid Issuance of
Securities, etc.

2.10.1. Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission
or the ability to force the Company or its Subsidiaries to repurchase such securities with respect thereto, and are not subject to
personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights,
rights of first refusal or rights of participation of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights
granted by the Company. The authorized shares of Common Stock conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto
contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, options, warrants and other outstanding securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common
Stock, were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue
sky laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such shares of Common Stock, exempt
from such registration requirements. The description of the Companys stock option, stock bonus and other related plans or
arrangements, and options and/or other rights granted thereunder, as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, accurately and fairly present, in all material respects, the information required to be shown with
respect to such plans, arrangements, options and rights.

8

2.10.2. Securities
Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities and Representatives Securities have been duly authorized for issuance
and sale and, when issued and paid for, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not
be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities and Representatives Securities are and
will be free from all preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company, or similar contractual rights granted by the Company;
and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities and Representatives
Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Representatives Warrant Agreement, when issued and paid for pursuant to this Agreement,
will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue and sell, upon exercise thereof and payment therefor, the underlying
shares of Common Stock. The Public Securities and Representatives Securities conform in all material respects to all statements
with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. All corporate action
required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Representatives Warrant Agreement has been duly and validly
taken; the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Representatives Warrant have been duly authorized and reserved
for issuance by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and when paid for and issued in accordance with the Representatives
Warrant and the Representatives Warrant Agreement, such shares of Common Stock will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable;
the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and such shares of Common Stock
are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted
by the Company.

2.11. Registration Rights
of Third Parties. Except as set forth in Schedule 2.11, no holders of any securities of the Company or any options, warrants, rights
or other securities exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right to require the Company
to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities Act or to include any such securities in the Registration Statement
or any other registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.12. Validity and Binding
Effect of Agreements. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Representatives Warrant Agreement have
been duly and validly authorized by the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreements of
the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification
or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance
and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

2.13. No Conflicts, etc.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Representatives Warrant Agreement, and all ancillary
documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with
the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a breach
of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination
or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage,
deed of trust, loan agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or as to which any property of the
Company is a party except breaches, conflicts or defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change;
(ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the Companys Articles of Incorporation (as the same have been amended or restated
from time to time, the Charter) or the bylaws of the Company; or (iii) violate in any material respect any existing
applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof having jurisdiction over
the Company.

2.14. No Defaults;
Violations. Except as set forth in Schedule 2.14, no default exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant
or condition of any license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or
instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by
which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject except for any such default
that would not be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company is not in violation of any term or
provision of its Charter, bylaws or other organizational documents, or in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable
law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any Governmental Entity, except for such violations that would not be reasonably
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

9

2.15. Corporate Power; Licenses;
Consents.

2.15.1. Conduct
of Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all consents, authorizations, approvals, licenses,
certificates, clearances, permits and orders and supplements and amendments thereto (collectively, Authorizations)
of and from all Governmental Entities that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except for such Authorizations, the absence of which would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

2.15.2. Transactions
Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement, and the Representatives
Warrant and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof, and all Authorizations required in connection therewith have been obtained.
No Authorization of, and no filing with, any Governmental Entity, the Exchange or another body is required for the valid issuance, sale
and delivery of the Public Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by this Agreement and the Representatives
Warrant Agreement and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except with respect
to applicable Securities Act Regulations, state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc. (FINRA).

2.16. D&O Questionnaires.
To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires) completed
by each of the Companys directors and officers immediately prior to the Offering (the Insiders) as supplemented
by all information concerning the Insiders as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
provided to the Underwriters, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which
would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires to become materially inaccurate and incorrect.

2.17. Litigation; Governmental
Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding pending
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any executive
officer or director which has not been required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, or in connection with the Companys listing application for the listing of the Common Stock on the Exchange.

2.18. Good Standing.
The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of the State of
Nevada as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which its ownership
or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify, singularly or in the
aggregate, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.19. Insurance. The
Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance (including, without limitation, as to directors and officers insurance coverage),
with licensed insurers, in such amounts and covering such risks which the Company believes are adequate as are customary for companies
engaged in similar business, and to the Companys knowledge all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason
to believe that it will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable
coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

10

2.20. Transactions Affecting
Disclosure to FINRA.

2.20.1. Finders
Fees. There are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting
or origination fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Public Securities hereunder or any other arrangements,
agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters
compensation, as determined by FINRA.

2.20.2. Payments
Within Twelve (12) Months. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments in connection with the Offering (in cash, securities
or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital
for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any
person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior
to the Effective Date, other than the payment to the Underwriters as provided hereunder in connection with the Offering.

2.20.3. Use of
Proceeds. The Company will use the net proceeds received by it from the Offering in the manner
specified in the Prospectus under Use of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company
to any participating FINRA member or its affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.20.4. FINRA Affiliation.
There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) beneficial owner of 5% or more of any class of the Companys securities
or (iii) beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180-day period immediately
preceding the filing of the Registration Statement that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering
(as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

2.20.5. Information.
All information provided by the Company in its FINRA questionnaire to Representative Counsel specifically for use by Representative Counsel
in connection with its public offering system filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and complete in all material
respects.

2.21. Anti-Corruption Laws.
The Company and its Subsidiaries and, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company
and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of, and with authority from, the Company and its Subsidiaries, has, directly
or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary
course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any Governmental
Entity (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may
be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that
(i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given
in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Change or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business,
operations or prospects of the Company, and are in compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules
and regulations thereunder, the OECD Convention on Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, the UK
Bribery Act of 2010 and any other applicable anti-corruption laws (collectively, the Anti-Corruption Laws). The Company
and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain, and will continue to institute and maintain, policies and procedures reasonably designed
to ensure continued compliance with the Anti-Corruption Laws. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering
hereunder, or lend, contribute, or otherwise make available such proceeds in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization
of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any person in violation of the Anti-Corruption Laws.

11

2.22. Compliance with
Sanctions. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries, any director and officer and to the Companys knowledge, any agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of, and with authority from, the
Company and its Subsidiaries, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by an individual or entity that are: (i)
the subject of any economic or trade sanctions by the U.S. (including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of
the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC)), United Nations Security Council, European Union, Her
Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authorities (collectively, Sanctions), or (ii) located,
organized, or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (currently, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and
Syria). In addition, the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute
or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity: (i) for the
purpose of financing the activities of any individual or entity, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such
financing, is the subject of any Sanctions, or (ii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions. The Company
has instituted and maintain, and will continue to institute and maintain, policies and procedures reasonably to ensure continued
compliance with applicable Sanctions. Finally, the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective directors and officers and to the
knowledge of the Company, employees, are in compliance with all applicable Sanctions.

2.23. Money Laundering Laws.
The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects with
applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules,
regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws);
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws
is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

2.24. Officers Certificate.
Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to Representative or to Representative Counsel on the
Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the
matters covered thereby.

2.25. Lock-Up Agreements.
Schedule 3 hereto contains a complete and accurate list of the Companys officers, directors, affiliates and each owner of
5% or more of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock (or securities convertible or exercisable into shares of Common Stock)
(collectively, the Lock-Up Parties). The Company has caused each of the Lock-Up Parties to deliver to the Representative
an executed Lock-Up Agreement, in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Lock-Up Agreement),
prior to the execution of this Agreement.

2.26. Subsidiaries.
All subsidiaries of the Company are listed in Exhibit D hereto. The Subsidiaries of the Company are duly organized and in good standing
under the laws of the place of organization or incorporation, and the Subsidiaries are in good standing in each jurisdiction in which
its respective ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify
would not have a material adverse effect on the assets, business or operations of the Company taken as a whole. The Companys ownership
and control of the Subsidiaries is as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.27. Related Party Transactions.
Except as set forth in Schedule 2.27, there are no material business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company
or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have
not been described as required under the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except
advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business) or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company or, to the knowledge of
the Company, any affiliate of the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any affiliate of
the Company or any of their respective family members.

2.28. Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors of the Company is comprised of the persons set forth under the heading of the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus
captioned Management. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board
comply with the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act Regulations),
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) applicable to the Company
and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company qualifies as
an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange.
In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent, as defined under
the listing rules of the Exchange.

12

2.29. Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.

2.29.1. Disclosure
Controls. The Company has developed and currently maintains disclosure controls and procedures that comply in all material respects
with Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations, and except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information concerning the Company
will be made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys Exchange Act filings and
other public disclosure documents.

2.29.2. Compliance.
The Company is and at the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and has taken reasonable steps to ensure the Companys
future compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the material provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

2.30. Accounting Controls.
The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting (as defined under Rules 13a-15
and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have
been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any differences. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company is
not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal controls. The Auditor and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial
reporting which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely affected or are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the Companys ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (ii) any fraud known to the Companys
management, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Companys internal
controls over financial reporting.

2.31. No Investment Company
Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an investment company,
as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

2.32. No Labor Disputes.
No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent. The Company
is not aware that any officer, key employee or significant group of employees of the Company plans to terminate employment with the Company.

13

2.33. Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses or has valid rights to use all patents, patent
applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses,
inventions, trade secrets and similar rights (Intellectual Property Rights) and necessary for the conduct of
the business of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. To the knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company or its Subsidiaries
necessary for the conduct of its business as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus
will involve or give rise to any infringement of, or license or similar fees for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others.
Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries have received any notice alleging any such infringement, fee or conflict with asserted
Intellectual Property Rights of others. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a
Material Adverse Change: (A) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation or violation by third
parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company; (B) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the rights of the Company in or to any such Intellectual
Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, that would,
individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.33, reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Change; (C) the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, the
Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company have not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction invalid or
unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit,
proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware
of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any
other claims in this Section 2.33, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (D) there is no pending or, to the
Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company infringes, misappropriates or
otherwise violates any Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights of others, the Company has not received any written
notice of such claim and the Company is unaware of any other facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that
would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.33, reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Change; and (E) to the Companys knowledge, no employee of the Company is in or has ever been in violation in
any material respect of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement,
non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive covenant to or with a former
employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company, or actions undertaken by
the employee while employed with the Company and could reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a
Material Adverse Change. To the Companys knowledge, all material technical information developed by and belonging to the
Company which has not been patented has been kept confidential. The Company is not a party to or bound by any options, licenses or
agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be set forth in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are not described therein. The Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus contain in all material respects the same description of the matters set forth in
the preceding sentence. None of the Intellectual Property or technology (including information technology and outsourced
arrangements) employed by the Company or the Subsidiaries has been obtained or is being used by the Company or the Subsidiaries in
violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers,
directors or employees or otherwise in violation of the rights of any persons. The Company and the Subsidiaries own or have a valid
right to access and use all computer systems, networks, hardware, software, databases, websites, and equipment used to process,
store, maintain and operate data, information, and functions used in connection with the business of the Company and the
Subsidiaries (the Company IT Systems). The Company IT Systems are adequate for, and operate and perform in all
material respects as required in connection with, the operation of the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries as currently
conducted, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The
Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented commercially reasonable backup, security and disaster recovery technology consistent
in all material respects with applicable regulatory standards and customary industry practices.

2.34. Taxes. Each
of the Company and its Subsidiaries has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities
prior to the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
has paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined) shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or
assessed against the Company or such respective Subsidiaries except those that are being contested in good faith or as would not
have, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the
financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or
not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed in
writing to the Underwriters, (i) no material issues have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in
connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from the Company or its Subsidiaries, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of
limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have been given by or requested from the Company or its Subsidiaries.
To the Companys knowledge, there are no tax liens against the assets, properties or business of the Company or its
Subsidiaries. The term taxes means all federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross
receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll,
employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees,
assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts
with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements and other documents
required to be filed in respect to taxes.

14

2.35. ERISA Compliance.
The Company and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended,
and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established or maintained by
the Company or its ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with ERISA. ERISA
Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any member of any group of organizations described in Sections 414(b), (c), (m)
or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the Code)
of which the Company is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to
occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates.
No employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates, if such employee
benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined under ERISA). Neither
the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA
with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B
of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates that is
intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred,
whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

2.36. Compliance with Laws.
Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations applicable
to the business of the Company as currently conducted (Applicable Laws), except as could not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change; (B) has not received any warning letter, untitled letter or other
correspondence or notice from any Governmental Entity alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any Authorizations;
(C) possesses all Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in violation of any term of
any such Authorizations, except where the invalidity of such Authorizations or the failure of such Authorizations to be in full force
and effect would not result in a Material Adverse Change; (D) has not received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing,
enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Entity or third party alleging that any activity conducted
by the Company is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity or third
party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding; (E) has not received notice that
any Governmental Entity has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has
no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity is considering such action; and (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all reports,
documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws
or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or
amendments were complete and correct on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission), except where the
failure to be so in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.37. Reserved.

2.38. Environmental
Laws. The Company is in compliance with all foreign, federal, state and local rules, laws and regulations relating to the use,
treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or waste and protection of health and safety or the environment
which are applicable to their businesses (Environmental Laws), except where the failure to comply would not,
singularly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. There has been no storage, generation, transportation,
handling, treatment, disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind of toxic or other wastes or other hazardous
substances by, due to, or caused by the Company (or, to the Companys knowledge, any other entity for whose acts or omissions
the Company is or may otherwise be liable) upon any of the property now or previously owned or leased by the Company, or upon any
other property, in violation of any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit or which would,
under any law, statute, ordinance, rule (including rule of common law), regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit, give rise to
any liability, except for any violation or liability which would not have, singularly or in the aggregate with all such violations
and liabilities, a Material Adverse Change; and there has been no disposal, discharge, emission or other release of any kind onto
such property or into the environment surrounding such property of any toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances with
respect to which the Company has knowledge, except for any such disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind which
would not have, singularly or in the aggregate with all such discharges and other releases, a Material Adverse Change. In the
ordinary course of business, the Company conducts periodic reviews of the effect of Environmental Laws on its business and assets,
in the course of which they identify and evaluate associated costs and liabilities (including, without limitation, any capital or
operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or governmental permits
issued thereunder, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties). On the basis of
such reviews, the Company has reasonably concluded that such associated costs and liabilities would not have, singularly or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Change.

15

2.39. Title to Property.
Except as set forth in Schedule 2.39, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and its
Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real or personal
property which are material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each case free and clear of all liens,
encumbrances, security interests, claims and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect the value of such property
and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or its Subsidiaries; and all of the leases
and subleases material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, and under which the Company
or its Subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, are,
to the Companys knowledge, in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiaries has received any notice of any
material claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any Subsidiaries under any of the
leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or any Subsidiaries to the continued possession
of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease.

2.40. Contracts Affecting
Capital. Except as set forth in Schedule 2.40, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and schedules
hereto, there are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company, any of its affiliates (as such
term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to, any structured
finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the Companys or its Subsidiaries
liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital resources required to be described or incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which have not been described or incorporated by reference
as required.

2.41. Loans to Directors
or Officers. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business)
or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company or its Subsidiaries to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company,
its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus.

2.42. Ineligible Issuer.
At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the Effective Date and at the time of any
amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the
meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Public Securities and at the Effective Date, the Company was not and
is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant
to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

2.43. Smaller Reporting
Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was a smaller reporting company, as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

2.44. Industry Data.
The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate
or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

2.45. Electronic Road Show.
The Company has made available a Bona Fide Electronic Road Show in compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) of the Securities Act Regulations
such that no filing of any road show (as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act Regulations) is required in connection
with the Offering.

16

2.46. Margin Securities.
The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be used, directly or indirectly, for
the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which was originally
incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the Public Securities to be considered
a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

2.47. Dividends and Distributions.
No Subsidiary of the Company is currently prohibited or restricted, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company,
from making any other distribution on such Subsidiarys capital stock (to the extent that any such prohibition or restriction on
dividends and/or distributions would have a material effect to the Company), from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such
Subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such Subsidiarys property or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiaries
of the Company, except as may otherwise be provided in current loan or mortgage-related documents and (ii) except as set forth in Schedule
2.47, the Company is not prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends, from making any other distribution, from repaying
any loans or advances or from transferring any of its property or assets.

2.48. Forward-Looking Statements.
No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or
has been disclosed other than in good faith.

2.49. Reserved.

2.50. Integration. Neither
the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales
of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering to be integrated with prior
offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities
Act.

2.51. Confidentiality and
Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the Company or any Subsidiaries
is subject to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer (other than
the Company) or prior employer that could materially affect his or her ability to be and act in his or her respective capacity of the
Company or such Subsidiaries or be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.52. Corporate Records.
The minute books of the Company have been made available to the Representative and Representative Counsel and such books (i) contain minutes
of all material meetings and actions of the Board of Directors (including each board committee) and stockholders of the Company, and (ii)
reflect all material transactions referred to in such minutes.

2.53. Diligence Materials.
The Company has provided to the Representative and Representative Counsel all materials required or necessary to respond in all material
respects to the diligence request submitted to the Company or Company Counsel by the Representative.

2.54. Stabilization.
Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders (without the consent of the Representative)
has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result
in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to
facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

2.55. Lending Relationship.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company does not have any material
lending or other relationship with any bank or lending affiliate of any Underwriter.

2.56. Immunity from
Jurisdiction. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets has any immunity from the
jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in
aid of execution or otherwise) under the laws of the United States.

17

2.57. Submission to Jurisdiction.
The Company has the power to submit, and pursuant to Section 9.6 of this Agreement has legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted,
to the jurisdiction of the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York.

2.58. XBRL. The interactive
data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement fairly presents the
information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable
thereto.

2.59. Testing-the-Waters
Communications.

2.59.1. The Company
reconfirms that the Representative has been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications.

2.59.2. The Company
has not alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Representative
with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions that are accredited
investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Act. The Company has not distributed or approved for distribution any Written Testing-the-Waters
Communication, other than those listed on Exhibit D hereto. Written Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing-the-Waters
Communication that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Act. Each individual Written Testing-the-Waters
Communication does not conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus,
complied in all material respects with the Act, and when taken together with the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus as of the Applicable Time, did not, and as of the Closing Date and as of the Option Closing Date, as the case may be,
will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

3.
COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

The Company covenants and agrees
as follows:

3.1. Amendments to Registration
Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Representative, at least one (1) Business Day (or such shorter time mutually agreed by
the parties hereto) prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus proposed to be filed after
the Effective Date and not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative shall reasonably object in writing.

3.2. Federal Securities
Laws.

3.2.1. Compliance.
The Company, subject to Section 3.2.2, shall comply with the requirements of Rule 430A of the Securities Act Regulations, and will
notify the Representative promptly, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement shall become effective or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus shall have been filed; (ii) of its receipt of any
comments from the Commission; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any
amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information; (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or of any order preventing or suspending
the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities and
Representatives Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings
for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act concerning the Registration
Statement; or (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the
Offering of the Public Securities and Representatives Securities. The Company shall effect all filings required under Rule
424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule
424(b)(8)), and shall take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for
filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such
prospectus. The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order, prevention or suspension and, if any
such order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.

18

3.2.2. Continued
Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act
Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Public Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or,
but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172), would be) required by the
Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Public Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a
result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of Representative Counsel or Company Counsel, to (i) amend the Registration Statement
in order that the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package
or the Prospectus in order that the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the
circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser; or (iii) amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the
Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act or the
Securities Act Regulations, the Company will promptly (A) give the Representative notice of such event; (B) prepare any amendment or supplement
as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus comply with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing or use, furnish the Representative
with copies of any such amendment or supplement; and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment or supplement; provided that the
Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative or Representative Counsel shall reasonably
object. The Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably
request. The Company shall give the Representative notice of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time until the
later of the Closing Date and the exercise in full or expiration of the Option specified in Section 1.2 hereof and will furnish the Representative
with copies of the related document(s) a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case may be, and will not file
or use any such document to which the Representative or Representative Counsel shall reasonably object.

3.2.3. Exchange
Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts
to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. For a period of two (2) years after the date of this Agreement,
the Company shall not deregister the Common Stock under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.2.4. Free
Writing Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative, it shall not
make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise
constitute a free writing prospectus, or a portion thereof, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or
retained by the Company under Rule 433; provided that the Representative shall be deemed to have consented to each Issuer General
Use Free Writing Prospectus set forth in Schedule 2-B. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will
treat each such free writing prospectus consented to, or deemed consented to, by the Representative as an issuer free writing
prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, and that it has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433
with respect thereto, including timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. If at any time
following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included
or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will
promptly notify the Representative and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to
eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission.

19

3.2.5. Testing-the-Waters
Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there occurred or occurs
an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly notify the Representative and shall promptly
amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such untrue statement or
omission.

3.2.6. Filing Amendments
and Exchange Act Documents. The Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention
to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement (including any filing under Rule 462(b)) or new registration statement
relating to the Securities or any amendment, supplement or revision to either any preliminary prospectus (including any prospectus included
in the Registration Statement or amendment thereto at the time it became effective) or to the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, and the Company will furnish the Representatives with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount
of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives
or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. The Company has given the Representatives notice of any filings containing material
information about the Company or its business made pursuant to the Exchange Act or Exchange Act Regulations within 48 hours prior to the
execution of this Agreement; the Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to make any such filing from the execution
of this Agreement to the Closing Time and will furnish the Representatives with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time
prior to such proposed filing and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters
shall reasonably object.

3.3. Delivery to the Underwriters
of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or make available to the Representative and
Representative Counsel, without charge, conformed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto
(including exhibits filed therewith) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to each Underwriter,
without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto (without exhibits) upon
receipt of a written request therefor from such Underwriter. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished
to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except
to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.4. Delivery to the Underwriters
of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available to each Underwriter, without charge,
as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company hereby consents to the use of
such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the period
when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations,
would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such
Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical
to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation
S-T.

3.5. Effectiveness and
Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to
remain effective with a current prospectus for at least nine (9) months after the Applicable Time, and shall notify the
Representative promptly and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment
thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for
that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of
the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that
purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement
or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the
happening of any event during the period described in this Section 3.5 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of
a material fact made in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the
making of any changes in (a) the Registration Statement in order to make the statements therein not misleading, or (b) in the
Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such
qualification at any time, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain promptly the lifting of such
order.

20

3.6. Review of Financial
Statements. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company, at its expense, shall cause its regularly
engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements for each of the
three fiscal quarters immediately preceding the announcement of any quarterly financial information.

3.7. Listing. The Company
shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing of the Common Stock (including the Firm Shares and the Option Shares) on
the Exchange until at least three (3) years after the date of this Agreement.

3.8. Financial Public Relations.
Within three (3) months from the Effective Date, the Company shall have retained a financial public relations firm reasonably acceptable
to the Representative and the Company, which firm shall be experienced in assisting issuers in initial public offerings of securities
and in their relations with their security holders, and shall retain such firm or another firm reasonably acceptable to the Representative
for a period of not less than two (2) years after the Effective Date.

3.9. Reports to the Representative.

3.9.1. Periodic
Reports, etc. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish or make available to the
Representative copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally
to holders of any class of its securities and also promptly furnish to the Representative: (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company
shall be required to file with the Commission under the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act Regulations; (ii) a copy of every press release
and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs which was released by the Company; (iii) a copy of each Form
8-K prepared and filed by the Company; (iv) a copy of each registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act; (v) a
copy of each report or other communication furnished to stockholders and (vi) such additional documents and information with respect to
the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiary of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request. Documents
filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system or press releases shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative
pursuant to this Section 3.9.1. Any documents not filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be delivered to k.kessler@amtruinvest.com,
with a copy to j.dever@amtruinvest.com.

3.9.2. Transfer
Agent; Transfer Sheets. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain a transfer agent
and registrar acceptable to the Representative (the Transfer Agent) and shall furnish to the Representative at the
Companys sole cost and expense such transfer sheets of the Companys securities as the Representative may reasonably request,
including the daily and monthly consolidated transfer sheets of the Transfer Agent and DTC. Issuer Direct Corp. is acceptable to the Representative
to act as Transfer Agent for the shares of Common Stock.

3.9.3. Trading
Reports. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, during such time as any of the Public Securities are listed
on the Exchange, the Company shall provide to the Representative, at the Companys expense, such reports published by the Exchange
relating to price trading of the Public Securities, as the Representative shall reasonably request.

21

3.10. Payment of Expenses

3.10.1. General
Expenses Related to the Offering. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if
any, to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses related to the Offering or otherwise incident to the performance of
the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and communication expenses
relating to the registration of the Public Securities and Representatives Securities with the Commission; (b) all Public
Filing System filing fees associated with the review of the Offering by FINRA; (c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of
such Public Securities and Representatives Securities on the Exchange and such other stock exchanges as the Company and the
Representative together determine, including any fees charged by DTC; (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to
background checks of the Companys officers and directors; (e) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the
registration or qualification of the Public Securities under the blue sky securities laws of such states and other
jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably designate; (f) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration,
qualification or exemption of the Public Securities under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the Representative
may reasonably designate; (g) the costs of all mailing and printing of the underwriting documents (including, without limitation,
the Underwriting Agreement, any Blue Sky Surveys and, if appropriate, any Agreement Among Underwriters, Selected Dealers
Agreement, Underwriters Questionnaire and Power of Attorney), Registration Statements, Prospectuses and all amendments,
supplements and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as the Representative may reasonably deem necessary;
(h) the costs and expenses of a public relations firm; (i) the costs of preparing, printing and delivering certificates representing
the Public Securities; (j) fees and expenses of the transfer agent for the shares of Common Stock; (k) fees and expenses of the
warrant agent under the Warrant Agent Agreement; (l) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of
securities from the Company to the Underwriters; (m) the costs associated with one set of bound volumes of the public offering
materials as well as commemorative mementos and lucite tombstones, each of which the Company or its designee shall provide within a
reasonable time after the Closing Date in such quantities as the Representative may reasonably request; (n) the fees and expenses of
the Companys accountants; (o) the fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents and
representatives; (p) the fees and expenses of Representative Counsel; (q) the cost associated with the Underwriters use of
book-building, prospectus tracking and compliance software for the Offering; (r) to the extent approved by the Company in writing,
the costs associated with post-Closing advertising the Offering in the national editions of the Wall Street Journal and New York
Times; and (s) the Underwriters actual accountable expenses for the Offering, including, without limitation related to the
road show. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Companys obligations to reimburse the Representative for any
out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred as set forth in the preceding sentence shall not exceed $150,000 in the aggregate for legal
fees and related expenses. The Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing
Date, or the Option Closing Date, if any, the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Underwriters, less the
Advance (as such term is defined in Section 8.3 hereof).

3.10.2 Non-Accountable
Expense to the Offering. The Company further agrees that, in addition to the expenses payable pursuant to Section 3.10.1, on the Closing
Date it shall pay to the Representative, by deduction from the net proceeds of the Offering contemplated herein, a non-accountable expense
allowance equal to one percent (1%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Public Securities (excluding the
Option Shares), provided, however, that in the event that the Offering is terminated, the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters
pursuant to Section 8.3 hereof.

3.11. Application of Net
Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent with the application thereof
described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

3.12. Delivery of Earnings
Statements to Security Holders. The Company shall timely file such reports pursuant to the Exchange Act as are necessary in order
to make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not later than the first day of the fifteenth (15th)
full calendar month following the date of this Agreement, an earnings statement (which need not be certified by an independent registered
public accounting firm unless required by the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions
of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act) covering a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months beginning after
the date of this Agreement.

3.13.
Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders has taken or shall
take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result
in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company
to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

22

3.14. Internal Controls.
For a period of one (1) year after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain
accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization;
and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences.

3.15. Accountants. As
of the date of this Agreement, the Company has retained an independent registered public accounting firm, as required by the Securities
Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, reasonably acceptable to the Representative,
and the Company shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm for a period of at least
three (3) years after the date of this Agreement. The Representative acknowledges that Golden Eagle CPAs LLC is acceptable to the Representative.

3.16. FINRA. For a period
of 90 days from the later of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, the Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make
an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is or becomes aware that (i) any officer or director of the Company, (ii) any beneficial owner
of 5% or more of any class of the Companys securities or (iii) any beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity
securities which were acquired during the 180 days immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement is or becomes an affiliate
or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

3.17. No Fiduciary Duties.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely contractual in nature and that
none of the Underwriters or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary capacity, or otherwise owes
any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.

23

3.18. Company Lock-Up
Agreements. During the period commencing on and including the date hereof and continuing through and including the 180th day
following the date of the Prospectus (such period, as extended as described below, being referred to herein as the Lock-up
Period), the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representative (which consent may be withheld in
its sole discretion), directly or indirectly: (i) sell, offer to sell, contract to sell or lend any shares of Common Stock or
Related Securities (as defined below); (ii) effect any short sale, or establish or increase any put equivalent
position (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) or liquidate or decrease any call equivalent
position (as defined in Rule 16a-1(b) under the Exchange Act) of any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities; (iii)
pledge, hypothecate or grant any security interest in any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities; (iv) in any other way
transfer or dispose of any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities; (v) enter into any swap, hedge or similar arrangement or
agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, the economic risk of ownership of any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities,
regardless of whether any such transaction is to be settled in securities, in cash or otherwise; (vi) announce the offering of any
shares of Common Stock or Related Securities; (vii) submit or file any registration statement under the Securities Act in respect of
any shares of Common Stock or Related Securities (other than as contemplated by this Agreement with respect to the Offering); (viii)
effect a reverse stock split, recapitalization, share consolidation, reclassification or similar transaction affecting the
outstanding shares of Common Stock; or (ix) publicly announce the intention to do any of the foregoing; provided, however, that the
Company may (A) effect the transactions contemplated hereby and (B) issue shares of Common Stock or options to purchase shares of
Common Stock, or issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise of options, pursuant to any stock option, stock bonus, employee stock
purchase plan, or other stock plan or arrangement described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Prospectus and the
Prospectus, but only if the holders of such shares of Common Stock or options, as applicable, agree in writing with the Underwriters
not to sell, offer, dispose of or otherwise transfer any such shares of Common Stock or options during such Lock-up Period without
the prior written consent of the Representative (which consent may be withheld in its sole discretion), (C) issue shares of Common
Stock or Related Securities pursuant to the exercise or settlement of Related Securities, or upon the conversion of convertible
securities outstanding on the date hereof that are described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Prospectus and the
Prospectus, (D) file one or more registration statements on Form S-8 to register shares of Common Stock or Related Securities issued
or issuable pursuant to any plans or programs described in (B), and (E) issue shares of Common Stock, or enter into an agreement to
issue shares of Common Stock or Related Securities, in connection with any merger, joint venture, strategic alliances, or other
collaborative or strategic transaction, or the acquisition or license of the business, property, technology or other assets of
another individual or entity or the assumption of an employee benefit plan in connection with a merger or acquisition; provided that
the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock or Related Securities (on an as-converted or as-exercised basis, as the case may be)
that the Company may issue or agree to issue pursuant to this clause (E) shall not exceed [5]% of the total number of shares of
common stock of the Company immediately following the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that each
recipient thereof provides to the Representative a signed Lock-up Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto. For
purposes of the foregoing, Related Securities shall mean any options or warrants, any debt or other rights to acquire
shares of Common Stock or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock, or to acquire
other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for, or convertible into, shares of Common Stock.

3.19. Release of D&O
Lock-up Period. If the Representative, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions set forth in the Lock-Up
Agreements described in Section 2.25 hereof for an officer or director of the Company and provides the Company with notice of the impending
release or waiver at least three (3) Business Days before the Effective Date of the release or waiver, the Company agrees to announce
the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto through a major news service at
least two (2) Business Days before the Effective Date of the release or waiver.

3.20. Blue Sky Qualifications.
The Company shall use its best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, if necessary, to qualify the Public Securities for offering
and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representative may designate
and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required to complete the distribution of the Public Securities; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as
a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business
in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

3.21. Reporting Requirements.
The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172,
would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant
to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations. Additionally, the Company shall
report the use of proceeds from the issuance of the Public Securities as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities Act Regulations.

3.22. Press Releases.
Prior to the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, the Company shall not issue any press release or other communication directly or
indirectly or hold any press conference with respect to the Company, its condition, financial or otherwise, or earnings, business affairs
or business prospects (except for routine oral marketing communications in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the past
practices of the Company and of which the Representative is notified), without the prior written consent of the Representative, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, unless in the judgment of the Company and its counsel, and after notification to the Representative,
such press release or communication is required by law.

3.23. Sarbanes-Oxley.
For a period of one (1) year after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall at all times comply in all material respects with all
applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in effect from time to time.

3.24. IRS Forms. If
requested by the Representative, the Company shall deliver to each Underwriter (or its agent), prior to or at the Closing Date, a properly
completed and executed Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Form W-9 or an IRS Form W-8, as appropriate, together with
all required attachments to such form.

24

4.
CONDITIONS OF UNDERWRITERS OBLIGATIONS.

The obligations of the Underwriters
to purchase and pay for the Public Securities, as provided herein, shall be subject to (i) the continuing accuracy of the representations
and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any; (ii) the accuracy
of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof; (iii) the performance by the Company of its obligations
hereunder; and (iv) the following conditions:

4.1. Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1. Effectiveness
of Registration Statement; Rule 430A Information. The Registration Statement has become effective not later than 5:30 p.m., Eastern
time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative, and, at each
of the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto shall have been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus shall have been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes shall have been instituted or are pending or, to
the Companys knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission
for additional information. A prospectus containing the Rule 430A Information shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner
and within the time frame required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act Regulations (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)) or a post-effective
amendment providing such information shall have been filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance with the requirements
of Rule 430A under the Securities Act Regulations.

4.1.2. FINRA Clearance.
On or before the date of this Agreement, the Representative shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation
allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3. Exchange
Clearance. On the Closing Date, the Common Stock shall have been approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to official notice
of issuance. On the first Option Closing Date (if any), the Common Stock (including the Option Shares) shall have been approved for listing
on the Exchange, subject only to official notice of issuance.

4.2. Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1. Closing
Date Opinion of Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion and negative assurance
letter of Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard & Smith LLP (Company Counsel), counsel to the Company, dated the Closing Date
and addressed to the Representative, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative.

4.2.2. Option Closing
Date Opinion of Counsel. On the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion and negative
assurance letter of Company Counsel listed in Section 4.2.1, dated the Option Closing Date, addressed to the Representative and in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative, confirming as of the Option Closing Date, the statements made by such counsel
in its opinion delivered on the Closing Date.

4.2.3. Reliance.
The opinion of Company Counsel and any opinion relied upon by the Company shall include a statement to the effect that it may be relied
upon by Representative Counsel in its opinion delivered to the Underwriters.

25

4.3. Comfort Letters.

4.3.1. Comfort
Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, the Representative shall have received a cold comfort letter from the Auditor
containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the
financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus, addressed to the Representative and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Representative and to
Representative Counsel from the Auditor, dated as of the date of this Agreement.

4.3.2. Bring-down
Comfort Letter. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received from the Auditor
a letter, dated as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable, to the effect that the Auditor reaffirms the statements
made in the letter furnished pursuant to Section 4.3.1 except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three
(3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable.

4.4. Officers Certificates.

4.4.1. Officers
Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate, dated the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date
(if such date is other than the Closing Date), of its Chief Executive Officer or President, and its Chief Financial Officer stating that
on behalf of the Company and not in an individual capacity that (i) such officers have examined the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement and each amendment
thereto after the Effective Date, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other
than the Closing Date) did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and the Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time
and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
as of its date and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), the Prospectus and
each amendment or supplement thereto after the Effective Date, as of the respective date thereof and as of the Closing Date, did not include
any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) since the Effective Date of the Registration Statement, no
event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus, (iii) to their knowledge after reasonable investigation, as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date
if such date is other than the Closing Date), the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct
and the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or
prior to the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), and (iv) there has not been, subsequent
to the date of the most recent audited financial statements included in the Pricing Disclosure Package, a Material Adverse Change.

4.4.2. Secretarys
Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively,
certifying on behalf of the Company and not in an individual capacity: (i) that each of the Charter and Bylaws is true and complete, has
not been modified and is in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the
Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between
the Company or its counsel and the Commission; and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to
in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

26

4.5. No Material
Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been no Material
Adverse Change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest
dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (ii)
no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before
or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or
finding may reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Change, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no
proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are
required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and shall conform in all
material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and neither the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4.6. No Material Misstatement
or Omission. The Underwriters shall not have discovered and disclosed to the Company on or prior to the Closing Date and any Option
Closing Date that the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto contains an untrue statement of a fact which, in the
opinion of Representative Counsel, is material or omits to state any fact which, in the opinion of such counsel, is material and is required
to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or that the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto contains an untrue statement of fact
which, in the opinion of Representative Counsel, is material or omits to state any fact which, in the opinion of Representative Counsel,
is material and is necessary in order to make the statements, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4.7. Corporate Proceedings.
All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form and validity of each of this Agreement, the Public
Securities, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, if any, and the Prospectus
and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in all
material respects to Representative Counsel, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information that they
may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

4.8. Lock-Up Agreements.
On or before the date of this Agreement, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Lock-Up Agreements
from each of the persons listed in Schedule 3 hereto.

4.9. Representatives
Warrant. On the Closing Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Representatives
Warrant.

4.10. Additional Documents.
At the Closing Date and at each Option Closing Date (if any) Representative Counsel shall have been furnished with such documents and
opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling Representative Counsel to deliver an opinion to the Underwriters, or in order
to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and
all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities and Representatives Securities
as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and Representative Counsel.

27

5.
INDEMNIFICATION.

5.1. Indemnification of
the Underwriters.

5.1.1. General.
The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and each of its and their respective directors,
officers, members, employees, representatives, partners, shareholders, affiliates, counsel and agents and each person, if any, who
controls any such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively
the Underwriter Indemnified Parties, and each an Underwriter Indemnified Party), against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim
whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of
the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries, arising
out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (i) the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (as from
time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval
of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including any road show or investor presentations
made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (iii) any application or other document or written
communication (in this Section 5, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon
written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Securities and the
Representatives Warrant Shares under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any state securities
commission or agency, the Exchange or any other national securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, the
Underwriters Information. With respect to any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in
the Pricing Disclosure Package, the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 5.1.1 shall not inure to the benefit of any
Underwriter Indemnified Party to the extent that any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense of such Underwriter Indemnified Party
(a) is based on the Underwriters Information, (b) results from the fact that a copy of the Prospectus was not given or sent
to the person asserting any such loss, liability, claim or damage at or prior to the written confirmation of sale of the Public
Securities to such person as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and if the untrue statement or
omission has been corrected in the Prospectus, unless such failure to deliver the Prospectus was a result of non-compliance by the
Company with its obligations under Section 3.3 hereof, or (c) is found in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Underwriter Indemnified Party.

5.1.2. Procedure.
If any action is brought against an Underwriter Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Company pursuant
to Section 5.1.1, such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and
the Company shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it wishes, jointly with any other similarly notified indemnifying
party, to assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the reasonable approval of such
Underwriter Indemnified Party) and payment of actual expenses. Such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its or
their own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Underwriter Indemnified
Party unless (i) the employment of such counsel at the expense of the Company shall have been authorized in writing by the Company in
connection with the defense of such action, or (ii) the Company shall not have employed counsel to have charge of the defense of such
action, or (iii) the action includes both the Company and the indemnified party as defendants and such indemnified party or parties shall
have been advised by its counsel that there may be defenses available to it or them which are different from or additional to those available
to the Company which makes it impossible or inadvisable for the Company and such indemnified party to be represented in the action by
the same counsel (in which case the Company shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified
party), in any of which events the reasonable fees and expenses of not more than one additional firm of attorneys selected by the Underwriter
Indemnified Parties who are party to such action (in addition to local counsel) shall be borne by the Company. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, if any Underwriter Indemnified Party shall assume the defense of such action as provided above, the
Company shall have the right to approve the terms of any settlement of such action, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

5.2. Indemnification
of the Company, Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, shall indemnify and hold harmless the
Company, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and persons who control the Company within the meaning of
Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense
described in the foregoing indemnity from the Company to the several Underwriters, as incurred, but only with respect to such
losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses (or actions in respect thereof) which arise out of or are based upon untrue
statements or omissions made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus
or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, the
Underwriters Information. In case any action shall be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified based on
any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto or any application, and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against any Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the
rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each other person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given
to the several Underwriters by the provisions of Section 5.1.2. The Company agrees promptly to notify the Representative of the
commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or any person, if any, who
controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, in connection with
the issuance and sale of the Public Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the
Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus.

28

5.3. Contribution.

5.3.1. Contribution
Rights. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless
an indemnified party under Section 5.1 or 5.2 in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect thereof, referred
to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount paid or payable
by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, (i) in such proportion as
shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and each of the Underwriters, on the other
hand, from the Offering, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company,
on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to the statements or omissions that resulted in such loss, claim, damage
or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by
the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to such Offering shall be deemed to be in the same proportion
as the total proceeds from the Offering purchased under this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the
total underwriting discount and commissions received by the Underwriters in connection with the Offering, in each case as set forth in
the table on the cover page of the Prospectus. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other,
shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission
or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on
the other, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue
statement, omission, act or failure to act; provided that the parties hereto agree that the written information furnished to the Company
through the Representative by or on behalf of any Underwriter for use in any Preliminary Prospectus, any Registration Statement or the
Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, consists solely of the Underwriters Information. The Company and the Underwriters
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.3.1 were to be determined by pro rata allocation
or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid
or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage, expense, liability, action, investigation or proceeding referred
to above in this Section 5.3.1 shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 5.3.1, any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending against or appearing as a third
party witness in respect of, or otherwise incurred in connection with, any such loss, claim, damage, expense, liability, action, investigation
or proceeding. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1 no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess
of the total discount and commission received by such Underwriter in connection with the Offering less the amount of any damages which
such Underwriter has otherwise paid or becomes liable to pay by reason of any untrue or alleged untrue statement, omission or alleged
omission, act or alleged act or failure to act or alleged failure to act. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation.

5.3.2. Contribution
Procedure. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the
commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made
against another party (contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the
failure to so notify the contributing party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than
for contribution hereunder. In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a
contributing party or its representative of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid 15 days, the contributing party will be
entitled to participate therein with the notifying party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing
party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected
by such party seeking contribution without the written consent of such contributing party. The contribution provisions contained in
this Section 5.3.2 are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution under the Securities Act,
the Exchange Act or otherwise available. The Underwriters obligations to contribute as provided in this Section 5.3 are
several and in proportion to their respective underwriting obligation, and not joint.

29

6.
DEFAULT BY AN UNDERWRITER.

6.1. Default Not Exceeding
10% of Firm Shares or Option Shares. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase the
Firm Shares or the Option Shares, if the Option is exercised hereunder, and if the number of the Firm Shares or Option Shares with respect
to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Shares or Option Shares that all Underwriters
have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Shares or Option Shares to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting
Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2. Default Exceeding 10%
of Firm Shares or Option Shares. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 relates to more than 10% of the number of
Firm Shares or Option Shares, the Representative may in its discretion arrange for itself or for another party or parties to purchase
such Firm Shares or Option Shares to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If, within one (1) Business Day after such
default relating to more than 10% of the number of Firm Shares or Option Shares, the Representative does not arrange for the purchase
of such Firm Shares or Option Shares, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure
another party or parties satisfactory to the Representative to purchase said Firm Shares or Option Shares on such terms. In the event
that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Shares or Option Shares to which a default relates
as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement will automatically be terminated by the Representative or the Company without liability
on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.10 and 5 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section
5 hereof); provided, however, that if such default occurs with respect to the Option Shares, this Agreement will not terminate as to the
Firm Shares; and provided, further, that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other
Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

6.3. Postponement of Closing
Date. In the event that the Firm Shares or Option Shares to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters,
or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date or Option
Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby
be made necessary in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or in any other documents and arrangements,
and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
that in the opinion of Representative Counsel may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter as used in this
Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party to this Agreement
with respect to such Firm Shares or Option Shares.

7.
ADDITIONAL COVENANTS.

7.1. Board Composition and
Board Designations. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as members of the Board of Directors
and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Exchange Act and the listing rules of the
Exchange or any other national securities exchange, as the case may be, in the event the Company seeks to have its Public Securities listed
on another exchange or quoted on an automated quotation system, and (ii) if applicable, at least one member of the Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and
the listing rules of the Exchange.

7.2. Prohibition on Press
Releases and Public Announcements. The Company shall not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives
prior written consent, for a period ending at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st) Business Day following the fortieth
(40th) day after the Closing Date, other than normal and customary releases issued in the ordinary course of the Companys
business.

30

8.
EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT AND TERMINATION THEREOF.

8.1. Effective Date.
This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Representative have executed the same and delivered counterparts of
such signatures to the other party.

8.2. Termination. The
Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or international
event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will in the immediate future materially
disrupt, general securities markets in the United States or would in the Representatives judgment materially impair the investment
quality of the Shares; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC shall have been suspended or materially
limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required
by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction; or (iii) if the United States shall have
become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities; or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State
or federal authority; or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United
States securities markets; or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake,
theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives
opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Firm Shares or Option Shares; or (vii) if the Company is in material
breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder; or (viii) in the event of a Material Adverse Change, or an adverse
material change in general market conditions as in the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the
offering, sale and/or delivery of the Public Securities or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities;
or (ix) the enactment, publication, decree or other promulgation of any statute, regulation, rule or order of any court or other governmental
authority which in the Representatives opinion materially and adversely affects or may materially and adversely affect the business
or operations of the Company; or (x) any downgrading, or placement on any watch list for possible downgrading, in the rating of any of
the Companys debt securities or preferred stock by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization (within
the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act) or any public announcement by such organization that it has under surveillance
or review, or has changed its outlook with respect to, its rating of any such debt securities or preferred stock (other than an announcement
with positive implications of a possible upgrading); or (xi) the taking of any action by any governmental body or agency in respect of
its monetary or fiscal affairs which in the Representatives opinion has a material adverse effect on the securities markets in
the United States.

8.3. Expenses. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a default by the Underwriters, pursuant to Section 6.2 above, in the
event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof
pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Underwriters their actual and accountable out-of-pocket expenses
related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable (including the fees and disbursements of Representative Counsel)
up to $60,000, inclusive of the $120,000 advance for accountable expenses previously paid by the Company to the Representative (the Advance),
and upon demand the Company shall pay the full amount thereof to the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters; provided, however,
that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any advance received
by the Representative will be reimbursed to the Company to the extent not actually incurred in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A).

8.4. Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether
or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be in
any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

8.5. Representations,
Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement or in certificates
of officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any
investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling any Underwriter,
its officers or directors or any person controlling the Company or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Public Securities.

31

9.
MISCELLANEOUS.

9.1. Notices.
All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed (registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested), personally delivered or sent by facsimile transmission and confirmed and shall be deemed given
when so delivered or emailed and confirmed (which may be by email) or if mailed, two (2) days after such mailing.

If to the Representative:

American Trust Investment Services, Inc.

910 N. El Camino Real, Suite 200

San Clemente, California 92672 

Attn: Kristopher Kessler

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

DeMint Law, PLLC

3753 Howard Hughes Parkway

Second Floor Suite 314

Las Vegas, Nevada 89169

Attn: Anthony N. DeMint, Esq.

If to the Company:

Marwynn Holdings, Inc.

12 Chrysler Unit C

Irvine, California 92618

Attn: Yin Yan

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard & Smith LLP

45 Fremont Street, Suite 3000

San Francisco, California 94105

Attn: John P. Yung, Esq.

9.2. Headings. The headings
contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation
of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.3. Amendment. This
Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.4. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement) constitutes
the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.5. Binding Effect.
This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Company and the
controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives, heirs
and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect
of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns shall not include
a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the Underwriters.

32

9.6. Governing Law; Consent
to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding
or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the New York Supreme Court,
County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing
shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim. The Company agrees
that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor. The Company (on its
behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates) and each of the Underwriters hereby
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising
out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.7. Execution in Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective
when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery
of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

9.8. Waiver, etc. The
failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to
be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way effect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of any
of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment
of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties
against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall
be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

33

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose,
whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly
yours,

MARWYNN HOLDINGS,
INC.

By: /s/ Yin
Yan

Name: Yin Yan

Title: CEO

Confirmed
as of the date first written above mentioned, on behalf of itself and as Representative of the several Underwriters named on Schedule
1 hereto: 

AMERICAN TRUST INVESTMENT SERVICES, INC.

By: /s/ Kristopher
Kessler 

Name: Kristopher Kessler 

Title: Managing Director, Investment
Banking 

[Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement]

34

SCHEDULE
1

Underwriter 

Total

Number of

Firm Shares

to be

Purchased Number of Additional

Option

Shares if

the Option

is Fully Exercised 

American Trust Investment Services, Inc. 2,000,000 2,300,000 

TOTAL 2,000,000 2,300,000 

35

SCHEDULE
2-A

PRICING INFORMATION

Number of Firm Shares: 2,000,000

Number of Option Shares: 300,000

Public Offering Price per Firm Share: $4.00

Public Offering Price per Option Share: $4.00

Underwriting Discount per Firm Share: $(0.32)

Underwriting Discount per Option Share: $(0.32)

Proceeds to Company per Firm Share (before expenses):
$3.68

Proceeds to Company per Option Share (before expenses):
$3.68

36

SCHEDULE
2-B

ISSUER GENERAL USE FREE WRITING PROSPECTUSES

FWP dated February 10, 2025

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/2030522/000121390025011719/ea0230444-fwp_marwynn.htm

37

SCHEDULE
3

LIST OF LOCK-UP PARTIES

NAME

Executive Officers

Yin Yan

Zhifen Zhou

Tuan Tran

Directors

Eric Newlan

Dandan Wang

Dvisha Patel

5% Stockholders

Fulai Wang

Sen Zhong

Hong Le Liang

38

schedule
2.11

registration
rights of third parties

39

schedule
2.14

no defaults;
violations

40

schedule
2.27

related
party transactions

41

schedule
2.39

title
to Property

42

Schedule
2.40

contracts
affecting capital

43

schedule
2.47

dividends
and distributions

44

EXHIBIT
A

FORM OF REPRESENTATIVES WARRANT AGREEMENT

Exhibit A-1

EXHIBIT
B

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

Exhibit B-1

EXHIBIT
C

Form of Press Release

MARWYNN HOLDINGS, INC.

[Date]

Marwynn Holdings, Inc. (the Company)
announced today that American Trust Investment Services, Inc., acting as representative for the underwriters in the Companys recent
public offering of 2,000,00 shares of the Companys Common Stock, is [waiving] [releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect to
_______ shares of Common Stock and accompanying Warrants held by [certain officers or directors] [an officer or director] of the Company.
The [waiver] [release] will take effect on _______, 20___, and such shares of Common Stock may be sold on or after such date.

This press release is not an offer or sale
of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale is prohibited, and such securities may not
be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Exhibit C-1

EXHIBIT
D

Subsidiaries

FuAn Enterprise, Inc., a California corporation

Grand Forest Cabinetry Inc, a California corporation

Exhibit D-1

EXHIBIT
E

Testing-The-Waters Communications

Exhibit E-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023438301ex4-1_marwynn.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF THE REPRESENTATIVE'S WARRANT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT
BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE WARRANT EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED AND THE REGISTERED
HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE WARRANT FOR A PERIOD
OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY DAYS FOLLOWING THE EFFECTIVE DATE (DEFINED BELOW) TO ANYONE OTHER THAN (I) AMERICAN TRUST INVESTMENT SERVICES, INC.
OR AN UNDERWRITER OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING, OR (II) A BONA FIDE OFFICER OR PARTNER OF AMERICAN TRUST INVESTMENT
SERVICES, INC. OR OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER.

THIS PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT EXERCISABLE PRIOR
TO SEPTEMBER 11, 2025. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, MARCH 11, 2030.

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

For the Purchase of [] Shares of Common
Stock

of

MARWYNN HOLDINGS, INC.

1. Purchase Warrant. THIS CERTIFIES THAT,
in consideration of funds duly paid by or on behalf of American Trust Investment Services, Inc. (Holder), as registered
owner of this Purchase Warrant, Marwynn Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), Holder is entitled, at
any time or from time to time from September 11, 2025 (the Commencement Date), and at or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern
time, March 11, 2030 (the Expiration Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for, purchase and receive, in whole
or in part, up to [] shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares), subject
to adjustment as provided in Section 6 hereof. If the Expiration Date is a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law to
close, then this Purchase Warrant may be exercised on the next succeeding day which is not such a day in accordance with the terms herein.
During the period ending on the Expiration Date, the Company agrees not to take any action that would terminate this Purchase Warrant.
This Purchase Warrant is initially exercisable at $4.80 per Share; provided, however, that upon the occurrence of any of
the events specified in Section 6 hereof, the rights granted by this Purchase Warrant, including the exercise price per Share and the
number of Shares to be received upon such exercise, shall be adjusted as therein specified. The term Exercise Price
shall mean the initial exercise price or the adjusted exercise price, depending on the context. The term Effective Date
shall mean March 11, 2025, the date on which the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284245) of the Company was declared
effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

2. Exercise.

2.1 Exercise Form. In
order to exercise this Purchase Warrant, the exercise form attached hereto must be duly executed and completed and delivered to the Company,
together with this Purchase Warrant and payment of the Exercise Price for the Shares being purchased payable in cash by wire transfer
of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company or by certified check or official bank check. If the subscription
rights represented hereby shall not be exercised at or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the Expiration Date, this Purchase Warrant shall
become and be void without further force or effect, and all rights represented hereby shall cease and expire.

2.2 Cashless Exercise.
If at any time after the Commencement Date there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available
for, the resale of the Shares by the Holder, then in lieu of exercising this Purchase Warrant by payment of cash or check payable to the
order of the Company pursuant to Section 2.1 above, Holder may elect to receive the number of Shares equal to the value of this Purchase
Warrant (or the portion thereof being exercised), by surrender of this Purchase Warrant to the Company, together with the exercise form
attached hereto, in which event the Company shall issue to Holder, Shares in accordance with the following formula:

X = Y(A-B) 

A 

Where, 

X = The number of Shares to be issued to Holder;

Y = The number of Shares for which the Purchase Warrant is being exercised;

A = The fair market value of one Share; and

B = The Exercise Price.

For purposes of this Section
2.2, the fair market value of a Share is defined as follows:

(i) if the Companys common
stock is traded on a securities exchange, the value shall be deemed to be the closing price on such exchange prior to the exercise form
being submitted in connection with the exercise of the Purchase Warrant; or

(ii) if the Companys common
stock is actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be the closing bid price prior to the exercise form being submitted
in connection with the exercise of the Purchase Warrant; if there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market value
thereof, as determined in good faith by the Companys Board of Directors.

2.3 Legend. Each certificate
for the securities purchased under this Purchase Warrant shall bear a legend as follows unless such securities have been registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE
STATE LAW. NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND
APPLICABLE STATE LAW WHICH, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE COMPANY, IS AVAILABLE.

3. Transfer.

3.1 General Restrictions.
The registered Holder of this Purchase Warrant agrees by his, her or its acceptance hereof, that such Holder will not: (a) sell, transfer,
assign, pledge or hypothecate this Purchase Warrant or the securities issuable hereunder for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days
following the Effective Date to anyone other than: (i) American Trust Investment Services, Inc. (ATIS) or an underwriter
or a selected dealer participating in the Offering, or (ii) a bona fide officer or partner of ATIS or of any such underwriter or selected
dealer, in each case in accordance with FINRA Conduct Rule 5110(e)(1), or (b) for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following
the Effective Date, cause this Purchase Warrant or the securities issuable hereunder to be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative,
put or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of this Purchase Warrant or the securities hereunder,
except as provided for in FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). On and after one hundred eighty (180) days after the Effective Date, transfers to others
may be made subject to compliance with or exemptions from applicable securities laws. In order to make any permitted assignment, the Holder
must deliver to the Company the assignment form attached hereto duly executed and completed, together with the Purchase Warrant and payment
of all transfer taxes, if any, payable in connection therewith. The Company shall within five (5) business days transfer this Purchase
Warrant on the books of the Company and shall execute and deliver a new Purchase Warrant or Purchase Warrants of like tenor to the appropriate
assignee(s) expressly evidencing the right to purchase the aggregate number of Shares purchasable hereunder or such portion of such number
as shall be contemplated by any such assignment.

3.2 Restrictions Imposed
by the Securities Act. The securities evidenced by this Purchase Warrant shall not be transferred unless and until: (i) the Company
has received the opinion of counsel for the Holder that the securities may be transferred pursuant to an exemption from registration under
the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, the availability of which is established to the reasonable satisfaction of the
Company (the Company hereby agreeing that the opinion of DeMint Law, PLLC shall be deemed satisfactory evidence of the availability of
an exemption), or (ii) a registration statement or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement relating to the offer and
sale of such securities has been filed by the Company and declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
and compliance with applicable state securities law has been established.

2

4. Registration Rights.

4.1 Demand Registration.

4.1.1 Grant of Right.
The Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holders of at least 51% of the Purchase Warrants and/or
the underlying Shares, agrees to register, on one (1) occasion, all or any portion of the Shares underlying the Purchase Warrants (collectively,
the Registrable Securities). On such occasion, the Company will file a registration statement with the Commission
covering the Registrable Securities within sixty (60) days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use its reasonable best efforts to have
the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject to compliance with review by the Commission; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration statement
with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback registration rights pursuant to Section 4.2 hereof and either: (i) the Holder
has elected to participate in the offering covered by such registration statement or (ii) if such registration statement relates to an
underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn
or until thirty (30) days after such offering is consummated. The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice of its receipt of
any Demand Notice by any Holders to all other registered Holders of the Purchase Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities within ten
(10) days after the date of the receipt of any such Demand Notice.

4.1.2 Terms. The Company
shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 4.1.1, but the Holders
shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent them in connection
with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the filing required herein
to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such states as are reasonably requested by the Holders;
provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities in a State in which
such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State or submit to general
service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal stockholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares of capital
stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted under Section 4.1.1
to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the Registrable Securities
covered by such registration statement are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders shall only use the
prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately cease to use any
prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due to a material misstatement
or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 4.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand registration under this Section
4.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date in accordance
with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(C).

4.2 Piggy-Back
Registration.

4.2.1 Grant of
Right. In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 4.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for a
period of no more than seven (7) years from the Effective Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the
Registrable Securities as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a
transaction contemplated by Rule 145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or Form S-4 or any equivalent
form); provided, however, that if, solely in connection with any primary underwritten public offering for the account
of the Company, the managing underwriter(s) thereof shall, in its reasonable discretion, impose a limitation on the number of shares
of common stock which may be included in the Registration Statement because, in such underwriter(s) judgment, marketing or
other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution, then the Company shall be obligated to include
in such Registration Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities with respect to which the Holder requested
inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata among
the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable Securities sought to be included by
such Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable Securities unless the Company has
first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such securities in such
Registration Statement or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

3

4.2.2 Terms. The Company
shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 4.2.1 hereof, but the Holders
shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent them in connection
with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish the then Holders
of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the proposed date of filing of
such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed by the Company
until such time as all of the Registrable Securities have been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise
the piggy-back rights provided for herein by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Companys
notice of its intention to file a registration statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Purchase Warrant, there shall be no limit
on the number of times the Holder may request registration under this Section 4.2.2; provided, however, that such registration
rights shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the Commencement Date.

4.3 General Terms.

4.3.1 Indemnification.
The Company shall indemnify the Holders of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration statement hereunder and
each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange
Act, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become subject under the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent and with the same effect as the
provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Underwriters contained in Section 5.1 of the Underwriting Agreement
between the Underwriters and the Company, dated as of March 12, 2025. The Holders of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to
such registration statement, and their successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify the Company, against all loss,
claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating,
preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise,
arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion
in such registration statement to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions contained in Section 5.2 of the Underwriting
Agreement pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify the Company.

4.3.2 Exercise of Purchase
Warrants. Nothing contained in this Purchase Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holders to exercise their Purchase Warrants
prior to or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

4.3.3 Documents
Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to each
underwriter of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of
counsel to the Company, dated the Effective Date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten
public offering, an opinion dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold
comfort letter dated the Effective Date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten
public offering, a letter dated the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered
public accounting firm which has issued a report on the Companys financial statements included in such registration
statement, in each case covering substantially the same matters with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus
included therein) and, in the case of such accountants letter, with respect to events subsequent to the date of such
financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers counsel and in accountants letters delivered
to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall also deliver promptly to each Holder participating
in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to the managing underwriter, if any, copies of all
correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or the Auditor and all memoranda relating to discussions with the
Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder and underwriter to do such investigation,
upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the registration statement as it deems
reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation shall include access to books,
records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and the Auditor, all to such
reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

4

4.3.4 Underwriting Agreement.
The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected by any Holders whose Registrable
Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 4, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company.
Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such managing underwriters, and
shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily contained in agreements
of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating to an underwritten
sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties and covenants of
the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such Holders shall not
be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except as they may relate
to such Holders, their Shares and their intended methods of distribution.

4.3.5 Documents to be Delivered
by Holders. Each of the Holders participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to the Company a completed and executed
questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security holders.

4.3.6 Damages. Should
the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 4.1 and 4.2 hereof be delayed by the Company or the Company otherwise
fails to comply with such provisions, the Holders shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available to the Holders, be entitled
to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened breach of such provisions or the
continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity of posting bond or other security.

4.4 Termination of Registration
Rights. The registration rights afforded to the Holders under this Section 4 shall terminate on the earliest date when all Registrable
Securities of such Holder either: (i) have been publicly sold by such Holder pursuant to a Registration Statement, (ii) have been covered
by an effective Registration Statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 (or successor form), which may be kept effective as an evergreen Registration
Statement, or (iii) may be sold by the Holder within a 90 day period without registration pursuant to Rule 144 or consistent with applicable
SEC interpretive guidance (including CD&I no. 201.04 (April 2, 2007) or similar interpretive guidance).

5. New Purchase Warrants to be Issued.

5.1 Partial Exercise or
Transfer. Subject to the restrictions in Section 3 hereof, this Purchase Warrant may be exercised or assigned in whole or in part.
In the event of the exercise or assignment hereof in part only, upon surrender of this Purchase Warrant for cancellation, together with
the duly executed exercise or assignment form and funds sufficient to pay any Exercise Price and/or transfer tax if exercised pursuant
to Section 2.1 hereto, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Holder without charge a new Purchase Warrant of like tenor to this
Purchase Warrant in the name of the Holder evidencing the right of the Holder to purchase the number of Shares purchasable hereunder as
to which this Purchase Warrant has not been exercised or assigned.

5.2 Lost Certificate.
Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Purchase Warrant and
of reasonably satisfactory indemnification or the posting of a bond, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Purchase Warrant of like
tenor and date. Any such new Purchase Warrant executed and delivered as a result of such loss, theft, mutilation or destruction shall
constitute a substitute contractual obligation on the part of the Company.

5

6. Adjustments.

6.1 Adjustments to Exercise
Price and Number of Securities. The Exercise Price and the number of Shares underlying the Purchase Warrant shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time as hereinafter set forth:

6.1.1 Share Dividends; Split
Ups. If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3 below, the number of outstanding Shares is increased
by a stock dividend payable in Shares or by a split up of Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective day thereof, the number
of Shares purchasable hereunder shall be increased in proportion to such increase in outstanding Shares, and the Exercise Price shall
be proportionately decreased.

6.1.2 Aggregation of Shares.
If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3 below, the number of outstanding Shares is decreased by a consolidation,
combination or reclassification of Shares or other similar event, then, on the Effective Date thereof, the number of Shares purchasable
hereunder shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Shares, and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately increased.

6.1.3 Replacement of Securities
upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Shares other than a change covered
by Section 6.1.1 or 6.1.2 hereof or that solely affects the par value of such Shares, or in the case of any share reconstruction or amalgamation
or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation in
which the Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding
Shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the property of the Company as an entirety or substantially
as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the Holder of this Purchase Warrant shall have the right thereafter
(until the expiration of the right of exercise of this Purchase Warrant) to receive upon the exercise hereof, for the same aggregate Exercise
Price payable hereunder immediately prior to such event, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including
cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, share reconstruction or amalgamation, or consolidation, or upon a dissolution
following any such sale or transfer, by a Holder of the number of Shares of the Company obtainable upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant
immediately prior to such event; and if any reclassification also results in a change in Shares covered by Section 6.1.1 or 6.1.2, then
such adjustment shall be made pursuant to Sections 6.1.1, 6.1.2 and this Section 6.1.3. The provisions of this Section 6.1.3 shall similarly
apply to successive reclassifications, reorganizations, share reconstructions or amalgamations, or consolidations, sales or other transfers.

6.1.4 Changes in Form of
Purchase Warrant. This form of Purchase Warrant need not be changed because of any change pursuant to this Section 6.1, and Purchase
Warrants issued after such change may state the same Exercise Price and the same number of Shares as are stated in the Purchase Warrants
initially issued pursuant to this Agreement. The acceptance by any Holder of the issuance of new Purchase Warrants reflecting a required
or permissive change shall not be deemed to waive any rights to an adjustment occurring after the Commencement Date or the computation
thereof.

6.2 Substitute Purchase
Warrant. In case of any consolidation of the Company with, or share reconstruction or amalgamation of the Company with or into, another
corporation (other than a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation which does not result in any reclassification or change
of the outstanding Shares), the corporation formed by such consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation shall execute and deliver
to the Holder a supplemental Purchase Warrant providing that the holder of each Purchase Warrant then outstanding or to be outstanding
shall have the right thereafter (until the stated expiration of such Purchase Warrant) to receive, upon exercise of such Purchase Warrant,
the kind and amount of shares of stock and other securities and property receivable upon such consolidation or share reconstruction or
amalgamation, by a holder of the number of Shares for which such Purchase Warrant might have been exercised immediately prior to such
consolidation, share reconstruction or amalgamation, sale or transfer. Such supplemental Purchase Warrant shall provide for adjustments
which shall be identical to the adjustments provided for in this Section 6. The above provision of this Section shall similarly apply
to successive consolidations or share reconstructions or amalgamations.

6.3 Elimination of Fractional
Interests. The Company shall not be required to issue certificates representing fractions of Shares upon the exercise of the Purchase
Warrant, nor shall it be required to issue scrip or pay cash in lieu of any fractional interests, it being the intent of the parties that
all fractional interests shall be eliminated by rounding any fraction up or down, as the case may be, to the nearest whole number of Shares
or other securities, properties or rights.

7. Reservation and Listing. The
Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized Shares, solely for the purpose of issuance upon exercise
of the Purchase Warrants, such number of Shares or other securities, properties or rights as shall be issuable upon the exercise
thereof. The Company covenants and agrees that, upon exercise of the Purchase Warrants and payment of the Exercise Price therefor,
in accordance with the terms hereby, all Shares and other securities issuable upon such exercise shall be duly and validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to preemptive rights of any stockholder. As long as the Purchase Warrants shall be
outstanding, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause all Shares issuable upon exercise of the Purchase
Warrants to be listed (subject to official notice of issuance) on all national securities exchanges (or, if applicable, on the
Over-the-Counter market or any successor trading market) on which the Shares issued to the public in the Offering may then be listed
and/or quoted.

6

8. Certain Notice Requirements.

8.1 Holders Right
to Receive Notice. Nothing herein shall be construed as conferring upon the Holders the right to vote or consent or to receive notice
as a stockholder for the election of directors or any other matter, or as having any rights whatsoever as a stockholder of the Company.
If, however, at any time prior to the expiration of the Purchase Warrants and their exercise, any of the events described in Section 8.2
shall occur, then, in one or more of said events, the Company shall give written notice of such event at least fifteen (15) days prior
to the date fixed as a record date or the date of closing the transfer books for the determination of the stockholders entitled to such
dividend, distribution, conversion or exchange of securities or subscription rights, or entitled to vote on such proposed dissolution,
liquidation, winding up or sale. Such notice shall specify such record date or the date of the closing of the transfer books, as the case
may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall deliver to each Holder a copy of each notice given to the other stockholders
of the Company at the same time and in the same manner that such notice is given to the stockholders.

8.2 Events Requiring Notice.
The Company shall be required to give the notice described in this Section 8 upon one or more of the following events: (i) if the Company
shall take a record of the holders of its Shares for the purpose of entitling them to receive a dividend or distribution payable otherwise
than in cash, or a cash dividend or distribution payable otherwise than out of retained earnings, as indicated by the accounting treatment
of such dividend or distribution on the books of the Company; (ii) the Company shall offer to all the holders of its Shares any additional
shares of capital stock of the Company or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company, or any
option, right or warrant to subscribe therefor; or (iii) a dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company (other than in connection
with a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation) or a sale of all or substantially all of its property, assets and business
shall be proposed.

8.3 Notice of Change in
Exercise Price. The Company shall, promptly after an event requiring a change in the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 6 hereof,
send notice to the Holders of such event and change (Price Notice). The Price Notice shall describe the event causing the
change and the method of calculating same and shall be certified as being true and accurate by the Companys Chief Financial Officer.

8.4 Transmittal of Notices.
All notices, requests, consents and other communications under this Purchase Warrant shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly made when hand delivered or mailed by express mail or private courier service: (i) if to the registered Holder of the Purchase Warrant,
to the address of such Holder as shown on the books of the Company, or (ii) if to the Company, to following address or to such other address
as the Company may designate by notice to the Holders:

If to the Holder:

American Trust Investment Services, Inc.

1244 119th Street

Whiting, IN 46394 

Attn: James Dever, CEO

Email: j.dever@amtruinvest.com

7

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

DeMint Law, PLLC

3753 Howard Hughes Parkway

Second Floor Suite 314

Las Vegas, Nevada 89169

Attn: Anthony N. DeMint, Esq.

Email: anthony@demintlaw.com

If to the Company:

Marwynn Holdings, Inc.

12 Chrysler Unit C

Irvine, California 92618

Attn: Yin Yan, CEO

Email: fuan9988@gmail.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard & Smith LLP

45 Fremont Street, Suite 3000

San Francisco, California 94105

Attn: John P. Yung, Esq.

Email: john.yung@lewisbrisbois.com

9. Miscellaneous.

9.1 Amendments. The
Company and ATIS may from time to time supplement or amend this Purchase Warrant without the approval of any of the Holders in order to
cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision contained herein that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provisions
herein, or to make any other provisions in regard to matters or questions arising hereunder that the Company and ATIS may deem necessary
or desirable and that the Company and ATIS deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the Holders. All other modifications or amendments
shall require the written consent of and be signed by the party against whom enforcement of the modification or amendment is sought.

9.2 Headings. The headings
contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation
of any of the terms or provisions of this Purchase Warrant.

9.3 Entire Agreement.
This Purchase Warrant (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Purchase
Warrant) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.4 Binding Effect.
This Purchase Warrant shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon, the Holder and the Company and their permitted assignees,
respective successors, legal representative and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable
right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Purchase Warrant or any provisions herein contained.

9.5 Governing Law;
Submission to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Purchase Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that
any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Purchase Warrant shall be brought and
enforced in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection
to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any process or summons to be served upon the
Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 8 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and
binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim. The Company and the Holder agree that the prevailing party(ies) in any
such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating
to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the
extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates) and the Holder hereby irrevocably waive, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

8

9.6 Waiver, etc. The
failure of the Company or the Holder to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Purchase Warrant shall not be deemed or construed
to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Purchase Warrant or any provision hereof or the right
of the Company or any Holder to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Purchase Warrant. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Purchase Warrant shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed
by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or
non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

9.7 Execution in Counterparts.
This Purchase Warrant may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become
effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto.
Such counterparts may be delivered by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission.

9.8 Exchange Agreement.
As a condition of the Holders receipt and acceptance of this Purchase Warrant, Holder agrees that, at any time prior to the complete
exercise of this Purchase Warrant by Holder, if the Company and ATIS enter into an agreement (Exchange Agreement) pursuant
to which they agree that all outstanding Purchase Warrants will be exchanged for securities or cash or a combination of both, then Holder
shall agree to such exchange and become a party to the Exchange Agreement.

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Purchase Warrant to be signed by its duly authorized officer as of the 14th day of March, 2025.

MARWYNN HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Yin Yan 

Title: CEO 

10

[Form to be used to exercise Purchase Warrant]

Date: __________, 20___

The undersigned hereby elects
irrevocably to exercise the Purchase Warrant for ______ shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares),
of [_________], a [_________] corporation (the Company), and hereby makes payment of $____ (at the rate of $____
per Share) in payment of the Exercise Price pursuant thereto. Please issue the Shares as to which this Purchase Warrant is exercised in
accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a new Purchase Warrant representing the number of Shares for which this
Purchase Warrant has not been exercised.

or

The undersigned hereby elects
irrevocably to convert its right to purchase ___ Shares of the Company under the Purchase Warrant for ______ Shares, as determined in
accordance with the following formula:

X = Y(A-B) 

A 

Where, 

X = The number of Shares to be issued to Holder;

Y = The number of Shares for which the Purchase Warrant is being exercised;

A = The fair market value of one Share which is equal to $_____; and

B = The Exercise Price which is equal to $______ per share

The undersigned agrees and
acknowledges that the calculation set forth above is subject to confirmation by the Company and any disagreement with respect to the calculation
shall be resolved by the Company in its sole discretion.

Please issue the Shares as
to which this Purchase Warrant is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a new Purchase Warrant
representing the number of Shares for which this Purchase Warrant has not been converted.

Signature 

Signature Guaranteed 

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REGISTRATION OF SECURITIES

Name: 

(Print in Block Letters) 

Address: 

NOTICE: The signature to this
form must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Purchase Warrant without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever,
and must be guaranteed by a bank, other than a savings bank, or by a trust company or by a firm having membership on a registered national
securities exchange.

11

[Form to be used to assign Purchase Warrant]

ASSIGNMENT

(To be executed by the registered Holder to effect
a transfer of the within Purchase Warrant):

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, __________________ does hereby
sell, assign and transfer unto the right to purchase shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of MARWYNN HOLDINGS, INC., a
Nevada corporation (the Company), evidenced by the Purchase Warrant and does hereby authorize the Company to transfer
such right on the books of the Company.

Dated: __________, 20__

Signature 

Signature Guaranteed 

NOTICE: The signature to this form must correspond
with the name as written upon the face of the within Purchase Warrant without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever, and
must be guaranteed by a bank, other than a savings bank, or by a trust company or by a firm having membership on a registered national
securities exchange.

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023438301ex99-1_marwynn.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE OF THE COMPANY ANNOUNCING PRICING OF THE OFFERING, DATED MARCH 12, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Marwynn Holdings, Inc. Announces Pricing of
Initial Public Offering

Irvine, CA March 12, 2025 Marwynn Holdings,
Inc. (Marwynn or the Company), a leading supply chain solutions provider for food, non-alcoholic beverages,
and indoor home improvement products, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering (IPO) of 2,000,000 shares of its common
stock, $0.001 par value per share, at a public offering price of $4.00 per share. In addition, Marwynn has granted the underwriter a 45-day
option (Overallotment) to purchase up to an additional 300,000 shares of its common stock at the initial public offering
price, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

The gross proceeds to Marwynn from the Offering (assuming that the
Overallotment is not exercised), before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by Marwynn,
is expected to be approximately $8,000,000.

The shares are expected to begin trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market
on March 13, 2025, under the ticker symbol MWYN. The offering is expected to close on March 14, 2025, subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of customary closing conditions.

Marwynn Holdings, Inc. intends to use the net proceeds from the offering
towards supply chain enhancements, business expansion, sales and distribution growth, talent development and retention, working capital,
and other general corporate purposes.

American Trust Investment Services, Inc. is acting as the representative
of the underwriters of this offering.

A registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284245) relating
to the shares was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and became effective on March 11, 2025. This offering is being
made only by means of a prospectus forming part of the effective registration statement. A copy of the prospectus relating to the offering,
when available, may be obtained by contacting American Trust Investment Services, Inc., 230 W. Monroe, Suite 300 Chicago, IL, 60606, USA
or via email at IB@amtruinvest.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of any securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Marwynn Holdings, Inc.

Marwynn Holdings, Inc. is a Nevada-based holding company specializing
in supply chain management for food, non-alcoholic beverages, and home improvement products. Through its subsidiaries, FuAn Enterprise,
Inc. and Grand Forest Cabinetry Inc., Marwynn connects suppliers with retailers and consumers across the United States. Learn more at
www.marwynnholdings.com.

Forward-Looking Statements Regarding Marwynn Holdings, Inc.

Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking statements
for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
may include estimates or expectations about Marwynns operational results, financial condition, business strategies and plans, market
opportunities, competitive position, industry environment, and potential growth opportunities. In some cases, forward-looking statements
can be identified by terms such as may, will, should, design, target,
aim, hope, expect, could, intend, plan, anticipate,
estimate, believe, continue, predict, project, potential,
goal, or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. These statements relate to future events
or to Marwynns future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause
Marwynns actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond Marwynns
control and which could, and likely will, affect actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Any forward-looking
statement reflects Marwynns current views with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties,
and assumptions relating to Marwynns operations, results of operations, growth strategy, and liquidity.

Investor Relations and Media Contact:

PondelWilkinson Inc.

Judy Lin or Laurie Berman

310-279-5980

info@marwynnholdings.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023438301ex99-2_marwynn.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE OF THE COMPANY ANNOUNCING CLOSING OF THE OFFERING, DATED MARCH 14, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Marwynn Announces Closing of Its Initial Public
Offering 

Irvine, CA March 14, 2025 Marwynn Holdings, Inc. (Marwynn
or the Company), a leading supply chain solutions provider for food, non-alcoholic beverages, and indoor home improvement
products, today announced the closing of its previously announced initial public offering of an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of its common
stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Shares) at an offering price of $4.00 per share to the public, for a total of $8,000,000
in gross proceeds to the Company (the Offering), before deducting underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses.
The Shares began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on March 13, 2025 under the ticker symbol MWYN.

In addition, Marwynn has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to
purchase up to an additional 300,000 shares of its common stock at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and
commissions.

The net proceeds from the Offering are expected to be used for supply
chain enhancements, business expansion, sales and distribution growth, talent development and retention, working capital, and other general
corporate purposes. American Trust Investment Services, Inc. (ATIS) acted as the representative of the underwriters
and sole book-running manager for the Offering. Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard & Smith LLP acted as legal counsel to the Company and DeMint
Law, PLLC acted as legal counsel to ATIS for the Offering.

A registration statement relating to the offering has been filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and became effective on March 11, 2025. A prospectus relating to
and describing the terms of the offering has been filed with the SEC and is available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov.
The offering was made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus may be obtained from American Trust Investment Services,
Inc., 230 W. Monroe, Suite 300 Chicago, IL, 60606, USA or via email at IB@amtruinvest.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any offer or sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or
jurisdiction.

About Marwynn Holdings, Inc.

Marwynn Holdings, Inc. is a Nevada-based holding company specializing
in supply chain management for food, non-alcoholic beverages, and home improvement products. Through its subsidiaries, FuAn Enterprise,
Inc. and Grand Forest Cabinetry Inc., Marwynn connects suppliers with retailers and consumers across the United States. Learn more at
https://www.marwynnholdings.com/.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking statements
for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
may include estimates or expectations about Marwynns operational results, financial condition, business strategies and plans, market
opportunities, competitive position, industry environment, and potential growth opportunities. In some cases, forward-looking statements
can be identified by terms such as may, will, should, design, target,
aim, hope, expect, could, intend, plan, anticipate,
estimate, believe, continue, predict, project, potential,
goal, or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. These statements relate to future events
or to Marwynns future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause
Marwynns actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond Marwynns
control and which could, and likely will, affect actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Any forward-looking
statement reflects Marwynns current views with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties,
and assumptions relating to Marwynns operations, results of operations, growth strategy, and liquidity.

Investor Relations and Media Contact:

PondelWilkinson Inc.

Judy Lin or Laurie Berman

310-279-5980

info@marwynnholdings.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>