<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-006385.txt : 20250124
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-006385.hdr.sgml : 20250124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250124125518
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-006385
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250121
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alternus Clean Energy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001883984
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				871431377
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41306
		FILM NUMBER:		25552860

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17 STATE STREET, SUITE 4000
		CITY:			NEW YORK CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 739-0727

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17 STATE STREET, SUITE 4000
		CITY:			NEW YORK CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Clean Earth Acquisitions Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210920
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228623-8k_alternus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000188398400018839842025-01-212025-01-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 21, 2025

ALTERNUS CLEAN ENERGY, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
charter)

Delaware 001-41306 87-1431377

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

17 State Street, Suite 4000

New
York,NY10004

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(212) 739-0727

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.
below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share ALCE The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(The Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mart if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities Purchase
Agreement

On January 21, 2025,
Alternus Clean Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with certain investors (the Purchasers) pursuant to which the Company sold, in a private placement (the
Offering), unsecured 20% original issue discount promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of $2,812,500 (the
Notes). The Purchase Agreement also provides for the issuance of an aggregate of 1,526,058 shares of common stock of the
Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares) to the Purchasers. The transaction closed on January 23, 2024 (the Closing
Date).

The aggregate gross proceeds
to the Company are expected to be $2,250,000, before deducting placement agent fees and expenses, $580,000 of such proceeds were released
on the Closing Date and the remaining amount shall be held in escrow, which will be released to the Company upon the later of: i) filing
the registration statement referenced below and ii) the date on which the Company receives a written communication from the Nasdaq Stock
Market (Nasdaq) that Nasdaq has granted the Company an extension to meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq.
If the second disbursement has not occurred within 60 days of the Closing Date, the Escrow Agent shall disburse the funds back to the
Purchasers as provided below against cancellation of a proportional portion of each Purchasers Note (inclusive of original issue
discount). The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

Placement Agency Agreement

On January 21, 2025 the
Company and Maxim Group LLC (Maxim) entered into the placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement)
pursuant to which Maxim served as the placement agent in the Offering, pursuant to the terms of a Placement Agency Agreement and received
8% of the gross proceeds of the Offering, and placement agent warrants to purchase up to 76,303 shares of common stock at $0.4059
per share (the Placement Agent Warrants) and reimbursement of the legal fees of its counsel of up to $50,000. The Placement
Agent Warrants will be exercisable on the six (6) month anniversary of issuance and will expire on the five (5) year anniversary of issuance.

Original Issue Discount
Promissory Note

The Notes were issued
with an original issue discount of 20%. No interest shall accrue on the Notes unless and until an Event of Default (as defined in the
Notes) has occurred, upon which interest shall accrue at a rate of twenty percent (20.0%) per annum. The Notes mature upon the earlier
of a) April 23, 2025, b) the date on which the sum of the net proceeds of capital raises subsequent to the issuance date equals or exceeds
200% of the principal amounts due under the Notes, and (c) the closing date of the Companys next registered offering of securities.

The Notes contain certain
Events of Default, including but not limited to (i) the Companys failure to pay any amount of principal, interest, redemption price
or other amounts due under the Notes or any other transaction document, (ii) any default under, redemption of, or acceleration prior to
maturity of any indebtedness of the Company, as such term is defined in the transaction documents, (iii) bankruptcy of the Company or
its subsidiaries, (iv) a final judgement or judgements for the payment of money in excess of $250,000, which is not discharged or stayed
pending appeal within 60 days, and (v) any breach or failure to comply with any provision of the Note or any other transaction document.
Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, the Purchasers shall have the right to exercise all of the remedies
under the Notes.

The Notes also provide
for redemption upon a change of control, as such term is defined under the Notes and mandatory redemption upon the receipt of net proceeds
from any offering of equity or debt by the Company.

1

Registration Rights
Agreement

In connection with the
Purchase Agreement, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with the Purchasers (the Registration Rights
Agreement), requiring the Company to register the resale by the Purchasers of the Shares. The Company has agreed to file the initial
registration statement pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
within 30 days of the Closing Date, and to use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective
by the SEC within 45 days of the Closing Date (or within 60 days of the Closing Date if the SEC notifies the Company that the SEC shall
conduct a full review such registration statement).

Lock-Up Agreements

Concurrently with the
execution of the Purchase Agreement, the directors and executive officers of the Company entered into lock-up agreements (the Lock-Up
Agreements), pursuant to which they accepted certain restrictions on transfers of shares of common stock held, or to be held, by
them for the 30-day period following the effective date of the registration statement required to be filed pursuant to the terms of the
Registration Rights Agreement. The Company relied upon an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act), afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, and/or Rule 506 promulgated thereunder.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Notes, Placement Agent Warrants, Purchase Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement, Placement Agency Agreement, and the Lock-Up
Agreements do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Notes, Placement Agent
Warrants, Purchase Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement, Placement Agency Agreement, and the Lock-Up Agreements, forms of which are
attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1, 4.2, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, and 10.4, and are each incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.03. Creation
of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth
under Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

The information set forth
under Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The offer, sale and issuance pursuant to the Purchase Agreement
of the Notes and the Shares to the Purchasers were made in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, as amended and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder, and/or Rule 506 promulgated thereunder.

2

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 21, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the pricing of the transaction described in Item 1.01 above. On January 23, 2025 the Company issued a press release
announcing the closing of the transaction described in Item 1.01 above. A copy of the press releases are furnished as Exhibits 99.1 and
99.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information contained
in this Item 7.01, and in Exhibit 99.1, referenced herein is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for the
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor
shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any registration statement or other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
unless the Company expressly so incorporates such information by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Form
of Note, dated January 21, 2025

4.2 Form
of Placement Agent Warrant

10.1 Form
of Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 21, 2025 by and between the Company and the Purchasers

10.2 Form
of Registration Rights Agreement

10.3 Form
of Lock-Up Agreement

10.4 Form
of Placement Agency Agreement

99.1 Press
Release issued on January 22, 2025

99.2 Press
Release issued on January 24, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 24, 2025

ALTERNUS CLEAN ENERGY, INC.

By: /s/ Vincent Browne

Vincent Browne

Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer and
Chairman of the Board of Directors

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022862301ex4-1_alternus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF NOTE, DATED JANUARY 21, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

[FORM OF NOTE]

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT
TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE
PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT
IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. ANY
TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE.

THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH 20% ORIGINAL
ISSUE DISCOUNT (OID). PURSUANT TO TREASURY REGULATION 1.1275-3(b)(1), vincent
browne, A REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY HEREOF WILL, BEGINNING TEN DAYS AFTER THE ISSUANCE DATE OF THIS NOTE, PROMPTLY MAKE AVAILABLE
TO THE HOLDER UPON REQUEST THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED IN TREASURY REGULATION 1.1275-3(b)(1)(i). vincent
browne MAY BE REACHED AT TELEPHONE NUMBER (803) 372-7497.

THE HOLDER (AS DEFINED BELOW) ACKNOWLEDGES
AND AGREES THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THE COMPANYS PUBLICLY AVAILABLE FILINGS WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, INCLUDING
DISCLOSURES RELATED TO THE POTENTIAL DELISTING OF THE COMPANYS SECURITIES FROM THE NASDAQ CAPITAL MARKET. THE HOLDER (AS DEFINED
BELOW) FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT IS A SOPHISTICATED INVESTOR CAPABLE OF EVALUATING THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS NOTE AND THE COMPANY,
AND HAS RELIED SOLELY ON ITS OWN DUE DILIGENCE AND PROFESSIONAL ADVISORS IN MAKING ITS DECISION TO PURCHASE THIS NOTE.

ALTERNUS
CLEAN ENERGY, INC.

NOTE

Issuance Date: January [__], 2025 Original
Principal Amount: U.S. $[]1

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Alternus
Clean Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to [] or its registered assigns
(the Holder) in cash the amount set forth above as the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms
hereof pursuant to redemption or otherwise, the Principal) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below),
acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay interest (Interest),
if applicable, on any outstanding Principal at the applicable Default Rate at any time during the occurrence and continuance of an Event
of Default (as defined in Section 4(a)) occurring from the date set out above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance Date)
until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon the Maturity Date, acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance
with the terms hereof). This Note (including all Notes issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, this Note)
is one of an issue of Notes issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement on the Closing Date (collectively, the Notes
and such other Notes, the Other Notes). Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 32.

1 Subscription amount multiplied by 1.25

(1) ORIGINAL ISSUE
DISCOUNT; PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL; PREPAYMENT. The Company acknowledges and agrees that this Note was issued at an original issue discount
of 20%. On the Maturity Date, if any portion of this Note remains outstanding, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing
all outstanding Principal and any accrued and unpaid Interest. The Maturity Date shall be the earlier of (a) [],2
(b) the date on which the sum of the net proceeds of capital raises subsequent to the issuance date equals or exceeds 200% of the principal
of this Note and the Other Notes in the aggregate and (c) the closing date of the Companys next registered offering of securities.
In the event of a Maturity Date under clauses (b) or (c), all amounts due under the Note will be repaid from the closing flow of funds
for such subsequent capital raise(s). The Maturity Date may be extended at the option of the Holder (x) in the event that, and for so
long as, an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Maturity Date (as may be extended pursuant to this Section 1)
or any event shall have occurred and be continuing on the Maturity Date (as may be extended pursuant to this Section 1) that with the
passage of time and the failure to cure would result in an Event of Default and/or (y) through the date that is ten (10) Business Days
after the consummation of a Change of Control in the event that a Change of Control is publicly announced or a Change of Control Notice
(as defined in Section 5(b)) is delivered prior to the Maturity Date. Other than as specifically permitted by this Note, the Company may
not prepay any portion of the outstanding Principal or accrued and unpaid Interest, if any.

(2) INTEREST. No Interest
shall accrue hereunder unless and until an Event of Default has occurred. From and after the occurrence and during the continuance of
any Event of Default, Interest shall accrue hereunder at twenty percent (20.0%) per annum (the Default Rate). Accrued
and unpaid Interest, if any, may also be payable, at the election of the Holder, by way of inclusion of the Interest in the Note Amount
(as defined below) upon any redemption hereunder occurring prior to the Maturity Date, including, without limitation, upon a Bankruptcy
Event of Default redemption. In the event that an Event of Default is subsequently cured (and no other Event of Default then exists (including,
without limitation, for the Companys failure to pay such Interest at the Default Rate on the Maturity Date)), Interest at the Default
Rate shall cease to accrue hereunder as of the calendar day immediately following the date of such cure; provided that the Interest
as calculated and unpaid during the continuance of such Event of Default shall continue to apply; provided, further, that
for the purpose of this Section 2, such Event of Default shall not be deemed cured unless and until any accrued and unpaid Interest shall
be paid to the Holder. As used herein, Note Amount means the sum of (x) the portion of the Principal to be redeemed
or otherwise with respect to which this determination is being made, and (y) accrued and unpaid Interest, if any, with respect to such
Principal.

(3) NOTE REGISTRATION;
BOOK ENTRY. The Company shall maintain a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and addresses
of the holders of each Note and the Principal amount of the Notes (and stated interest thereon) held by such holders (the Registered
Notes). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The Company and
the holders of the Notes shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of a Note for all purposes, including,
without limitation, the right to receive payments of Principal and Interest, if any, hereunder, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.
A Registered Note may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon its
receipt of a request to assign or sell all or part of any Registered Note by the Holder, the Company shall record the information contained
therein in the Register and issue one or more new Registered Notes in the same aggregate Principal amount as the Principal amount of the
surrendered Registered Note to the designated assignee or transferee pursuant to Section 19. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Section 3, the Holder may assign any Note or any portion thereof to an Affiliate of the Holder or a Related Fund of the Holder
without delivering a request to assign or sell the Note to the Company and the recordation of such assignment or sale in the Register
(a Related Party Assignment); provided, that (x) the Company may continue to deal solely with such assigning or selling
Holder unless and until the Holder has delivered a request to assign or sell the Note or portion thereof to the Company for recordation
in the Register; (y) the failure of such assigning or selling Holder to deliver a request to assign or sell the Note or portion thereof
to the Company shall not affect the legality, validity, or binding effect of such assignment or sale and (z) such assigning or selling
Holder shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, maintain a register (the Related Party
Register) comparable to the Register on behalf of the Company, and any such assignment or sale shall be effective upon recordation
of such assignment or sale in the Related Party Register.

2 90 days after the Closing Date

2

(4) RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF
DEFAULT.

(a) Event of Default.
Each of the following events or failure to comply therewith shall constitute an Event of Default and each of the
events described in clauses (iii) and (iv) shall also constitute a Bankruptcy Event of Default:

(i) the Companys
failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Interest, Redemption Price or other amounts when and as due under this Note or any
other Transaction Document;

(ii) any default
under, redemption of, or acceleration prior to maturity of any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than with
respect to this Note or any Other Notes occurring after this Issuance Date;

(iii) the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, pursuant to or within the meaning of Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal, foreign or state law for
the relief of debtors (collectively, Bankruptcy Law), (A) commences a bankruptcy voluntary case, (B) consents to
the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary bankruptcy case, (C) consents to the appointment of a receiver, trustee,
assignee, liquidator or similar official (a Custodian), (D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors
or (E) admits in writing that it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due;

(iv) a court of
competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (A) is for relief against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
in an involuntary case, (B) appoints a Custodian of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (C) orders the liquidation of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries;

(v) a final judgment
or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $250,000 are rendered against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and
which judgments are not, within sixty (60) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged or stayed pending appeal, or are not discharged
within sixty (60) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, that any judgment which is covered by insurance
or an indemnity from a credit worthy party shall not be included in calculating the $250,000 amount set forth above so long as the Company
provides the Holder a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity and the Company or such Subsidiary (as the case
may be) will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such judgment;

(vi) other than
as specifically set forth in another clause of this Section 4(a), the Company or any of its Subsidiaries breaches any representation,
warranty, covenant or other term or condition of any Transaction Document, except, in the case of a breach of a covenant or other term
or condition of any Transaction Document which is curable, only if such breach continues for a period of at least an aggregate of five
(5) Business Days;

(vii) any breach
or failure in any material respect to comply with either Sections 15 or 16 of this Note;

(viii) any material
damage to, or loss, theft or destruction of a material amount of property of the Company, whether or not insured, or any strike, lockout,
labor dispute, embargo, condemnation, act of God or public enemy, or other casualty which causes, for more than fifteen (15) consecutive
days, the cessation or substantial curtailment of revenue producing activities at any facility of the Company or any Subsidiary, if any
such event or circumstance would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(ix) any Material
Adverse Effect occurs; or

(x) any Event of
Default (as defined in the Other Notes) occurs with respect to any Other Notes.

3

(b) Redemption Right.
At any time after the earlier of the Holders receipt of an Event of Default Notice (as defined in Section 16(e)) and the Holder
becoming aware of an Event of Default, the Holder may require the Company to redeem (an Event of Default Redemption)
all or any portion of this Note by delivering written notice thereof (the Event of Default Redemption Notice) to
the Company, which Event of Default Redemption Notice shall indicate the portion of this Note the Holder is electing to require the Company
to redeem. Each portion of this Note subject to redemption by the Company pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be redeemed by the Company
in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds at a price equal to the product of (A) the Redemption Premium and (B) the Note
Amount being redeemed (the Event of Default Redemption Price). Redemptions required by this Section 4(b) shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Section 11. To the extent redemptions required by this Section 4(b) are deemed or determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of the Note by the Company, such redemptions shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments.
The parties hereto agree that in the event of the Companys redemption of any portion of the Note under this Section 4(b), the Holders
damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the
uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any Redemption Premium with
respect to an Event of Default due under this Section 4(b) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate
of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty.

(c) Redemption upon Bankruptcy
Event of Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein upon any Bankruptcy Event of Default, whether occurring prior to
or following the Maturity Date, the Company shall immediately pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing 100% of all outstanding
Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest, if any, in addition to any and all other amounts due hereunder (the Bankruptcy Event
of Default Redemption Price), without the requirement for any notice or demand or other action by the Holder or any other Person;
provided that the Holder may, in its sole discretion, waive such right to receive payment upon a Bankruptcy Event of Default, in whole
or in part, and any such waiver shall not affect any other rights of the Holder hereunder, including any other rights in respect of such
Bankruptcy Event of Default, and any right to payment of the Event of Default Redemption Price or any other Redemption Price, as applicable.
Redemptions required by this Section 4(c) shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.

(5) RIGHTS UPON FUNDAMENTAL
TRANSACTION AND CHANGE OF CONTROL.

(a) Assumption. The
Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 5(a) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and
approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver
to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in
form and substance to this Note. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term
Company under this Note (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of
such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the
Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Note and the other
Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had
been named as the Company in this Note.

4

(b) Redemption Right.
No later than ten (10) days prior to the consummation of a Change of Control, the Company shall deliver written notice thereof via electronic
mail and overnight courier to the Holder (a Change of Control Notice) setting
forth a description of such transaction in reasonable detail and the anticipated Change of Control Redemption Date (as defined in Section
11(a)) if then known. At any time during the period beginning on the earlier to occur of (x) any oral or written agreement by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, upon consummation of which the transaction contemplated thereby would reasonably be expected to result
in a Change of Control, (y) the Holder becoming aware of a Change of Control and (z) the Holders receipt of a Change of Control
Notice and ending twenty-five (25) days after the date of the consummation of such Change of Control, the Holder may require the Company
to redeem (a Change of Control Redemption) all or any portion of this Note by delivering written notice thereof (Change
of Control Redemption Notice) to the Company, which Change of Control Redemption Notice shall indicate the Note Amount the
Holder is electing to require the Company to redeem. The portion of this Note subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 5(b) shall
be redeemed by the Company in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds at a price equal to the Note Amount being redeemed
(the Change of Control Redemption Price). Redemptions required by this Section 5 shall be made in accordance with
the provisions of Section 11 and shall have priority to payments to stockholders in connection with a Change of Control. To the extent
redemptions required by this Section 5(b) are deemed or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of the Note
by the Company, such redemptions shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments. The parties hereto agree that in the event of the Companys
redemption of any portion of the Note under this Section 5(b), the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate
because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute
investment opportunity for the Holder.

(6) [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED].

(7) MANDATORY REDEMPTION.

(a) Occurrence of Mandatory
Redemption. Subject to the repayment of Senior Indebtedness, following the Maturity Date, and for the avoidance of doubt, the Company
shall use 100% of the net proceeds from any offering of its equity securities (excluding offerings by its direct or indirect subsidiaries),
including any underwritten or other public offering of securities (any such offering, a Subsequent Offering and 100%
of the net proceeds from such Subsequent Offering, the Net Proceeds) to redeem this Note in full, including the Note
Amount and all other amounts due and payable pursuant to this Note, and all other then outstanding Notes (a Mandatory Redemption);
provided, however, that if the Net Proceeds of the Subsequent Offering are less than the amount required to repay all of the Notes in
full, (i) the Companys repayment obligation under this Section 7(a) shall be limited to the amount of such Net Proceeds, (ii) the
Net Proceeds shall be applied to all of the Notes then outstanding pro rata based on the principal amount of such Notes then outstanding;
(iii) the Company shall effect successive Mandatory Redemptions upon each Subsequent Offering until the Notes are repaid in full or otherwise
no longer outstanding.

(b) Mandatory Notices.
With respect to each Mandatory Redemption, the Company shall deliver a written notice to all, but not less than all, of the holders of
Notes (the Mandatory Redemption Notice and the date such notice is delivered to all such holders is referred to as
a Mandatory Redemption Notice Date) (a) stating the date on which the Mandatory Redemption shall occur (a Mandatory
Redemption Date), which date shall be the date of the consummation of the applicable Subsequent Offering, (b) stating the expected
amount of Net Proceeds with respect to the applicable Subsequent Offering and (c) contain a certification from the Chief Executive Officer
or Chief Financial Officer of the Company that the Company has simultaneously taken the same action with respect to all of the Notes.
Each Mandatory Redemption Notice shall be delivered no later than the first (1st) Business Day following the announcement of the pricing
of the applicable Subsequent Offering, and the Company shall make a public announcement containing the information set forth in the applicable
Mandatory Redemption Notice on or before the related Mandatory Redemption Notice Date to the extent that the notice contains any, or constitutes,
material, non-public information.

(c) Mandatory Redemption
Procedure. The payment of cash pursuant to the Mandatory Redemption shall be payable in full on the Business Day immediately following
the Mandatory Redemption Date by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with the Holders wire instructions.
If any portion of the payment pursuant to a Mandatory Redemption shall not be paid by the Company by the applicable due date, interest
shall accrue thereon at an interest rate equal to the lesser of eighteen percent (18%) per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable
law until such amount is paid in full. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7(c), the Net Proceeds shall be applied
ratably among the Holders of the Notes.

5

(8) OPTIONAL PREPAYMENT.
Subject to repayment in full of any Senior Indebtedness, the Company may prepay (each, an Optional Prepayment) the
Note in whole or in part at any time or from time to time by paying the Holder in cash by wire transaction of immediately available funds
equal to 100% of the Note Amount being prepaid provided plus any interest then accrued thereon. The Company may exercise its right to
require Optional Prepayment under this Section 8 by delivering a written notice thereof by electronic mail and overnight courier to the
Holder and all, but not less than all, of the holders of the Other Notes (an Optional Prepayment Notice and the date
all of the holders of the Notes received such notice is referred to as the Optional Prepayment Notice Date). Each
Optional Prepayment Notice shall be irrevocable. Each Optional Prepayment Notice shall (i) state the date on which the Optional Prepayment
shall occur (the Optional Prepayment Date), which date shall not be less than two (2) Business Days following the
applicable Optional Prepayment Notice Date, and (ii) state the aggregate Note Amount of the Notes which the Company has elected to be
subject to Optional Prepayment from the Holder and all of the other holders of the Other Notes pursuant to this Section 8 (and analogous
provisions under the Other Notes) on the related Optional Prepayment Date. If the Company elects to cause an Optional Prepayment pursuant
to this Section 8, then it must simultaneously take the same action in the same proportion with respect to the Other Notes.

(9) NONCIRCUMVENTION.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or through
any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in
good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder of
this Note.

(10) [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED].

(11) REDEMPTIONS.

(a) Mechanics. The
Company shall deliver the applicable Event of Default Redemption Price to the Holder within three (3) Business Days after the Companys
receipt of the Holders Event of Default Redemption Notice; provided that upon a Bankruptcy Event of Default, the Company shall
deliver the applicable Bankruptcy Event of Default Redemption Price in accordance with Section 4(c) (as applicable, the Event
of Default Redemption Date). If the Holder has submitted a Change of Control Redemption Notice in accordance with Section 5(b),
the Company shall deliver the applicable Change of Control Redemption Price to the Holder (i) concurrently with the consummation of such
Change of Control if such notice is received prior to the consummation of such Change of Control and (ii) within three (3) Business Days
after the Companys receipt of such notice otherwise (such date, the Change of Control Redemption Date). The
Company shall deliver the applicable Note Amount being prepaid to the Holder on the applicable Optional Prepayment Date. The Company shall
pay the applicable Redemption Price to the Holder in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to wire instructions
provided by the Holder in writing to the Company on the applicable due date. In the event of a redemption of less than all of the Note
Amount of this Note, the Company shall promptly cause to be issued and delivered to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section
19(d)) representing the outstanding Principal which has not been redeemed and any accrued Interest on such Principal which shall be calculated
as if no Redemption Notice has been delivered. In the event that the Company does not pay a Redemption Price to the Holder within the
time period required, at any time thereafter and until the Company pays such unpaid Redemption Price in full, the Holder shall have the
option, in lieu of redemption, to require the Company to promptly return to the Holder all or any portion of this Note representing the
Note Amount that was submitted for redemption and for which the applicable Redemption Price has not been paid. Upon the Companys
receipt of such notice, (x) the applicable Redemption Notice shall be null and void with respect to such Note Amount, and (y) the Company
shall immediately return this Note, or issue a new Note (in accordance with Section 19(d)) to the Holder representing such Note Amount
to be redeemed.

(b) Redemption by Other
Holders. Upon the Companys receipt of notice from any of the holders of the Other Notes for redemption or repayment as a result
of an event or occurrence substantially similar to the events or occurrences described in Section 4(b), Section 5(b) or Section 8 or pursuant
to corresponding provisions set forth in the Other Notes (each, an Other Redemption Notice), the Company shall immediately,
but no later than one (1) Business Day of its receipt thereof, forward to the Holder by electronic mail a copy of such Other Redemption
Notice. If the Company receives a Redemption Notice and one or more Other Redemption Notices, during the seven (7) Business Day period
beginning on and including the date which is three (3) Business Days prior to the Companys receipt of the Holders Redemption
Notice and ending on and including the date which is three (3) Business Days after the Companys receipt of the Holders Redemption
Notice and the Company is unable to redeem all principal, interest and other amounts designated in such Redemption Notice and such Other
Redemption Notices received during such seven (7) Business Day period, then the Company shall redeem, a pro rata amount from the Holder
and each holder of the Other Notes based on the Principal amount of this Note and the Other Notes submitted for redemption pursuant to
such Redemption Notice and such Other Redemption Notices received by the Company during such seven (7) Business Day period.

6

(c) Insufficient Assets.
If upon a Redemption Date, the assets of the Company are insufficient to pay the applicable Redemption Price, the Company shall (i) take
all appropriate action reasonably within its means to maximize the assets available for paying the applicable Redemption Price, (ii) redeem
out of all such assets available therefor on the applicable Redemption Date the maximum possible portion of the applicable Redemption
Price that it can redeem on such date, pro rata among the Holder and the holders of the Other Notes to be redeemed in proportion to the
aggregate Principal amount of this Note and the Other Notes outstanding on the applicable Redemption Date and (iii) following the applicable
Redemption Date, at any time and from time to time when additional assets of the Company become available to pay the balance of the applicable
Redemption Price of this Note and the Other Notes, the Company shall use such assets, at the end of the then current fiscal quarter, to
pay the balance of such Redemption Price of this Note and the Other Notes, or such portion thereof for which assets are then available,
on the basis set forth above at the applicable Redemption Price, and such assets will not be used prior to the end of such fiscal quarter
for any other purpose. Interest on the Principal amount of this Note and the Other Notes that have not been redeemed shall continue to
accrue until such time as the Company redeems this Note and the Other Notes. The Company shall pay to the Holder the applicable Redemption
Price without regard to the legal availability of funds unless expressly prohibited by applicable law or unless the payment of the applicable
Redemption Price could reasonably be expected to result in personal liability to the directors of the Company.

(12) VOTING RIGHTS. The
Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of this Note, except as required by law and as expressly provided in this Note.

(13) RANK. All payments
due under this Note (a) shall rank pari passu with all Other Notes, (b) shall rank junior to all senior indebtedness of the Company
as described in Schedule A hereto (Senior Indebtedness), and (c) shall rank senior to all other current and future Indebtedness
of the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than Permitted Indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens (pursuant to clause (iv) of such definition)
that are not subordinate to the Notes).

(14) SECURITY. This Note and the Other Notes
are unsecured.

(15) NEGATIVE COVENANTS.
Except as noted below, until all of the Notes have been redeemed or otherwise satisfied in full in accordance with their terms, the Company
shall not, and the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries, without the prior written consent of the Required Holders to, directly
or indirectly by merger or otherwise:

(a) while any Notes remain
outstanding, incur or guarantee, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, other than Permitted Indebtedness;

(b) allow or suffer to exist
any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract
rights) owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, Liens) other than Permitted Liens;

(c) redeem, defease, repurchase,
repay or make any payments in respect of, by the payment of cash or cash equivalents (in whole or in part, whether by way of open market
purchases, tender offers, private transactions or otherwise), all or any portion of any Indebtedness (excluding Senior Indebtedness and
Permitted Indebtedness and for the avoidance of doubt, this Note and the Other Notes), whether by way of payment in respect of principal
of (or premium, if any) or interest on, such Indebtedness if at the time such payment is due or is otherwise made or, after giving effect
to such payment, an event constituting, or that with the passage of time and without being cured would constitute, an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing;

(d) redeem, defease, repurchase,
repay or make any payments in respect of, by the payment of cash or cash equivalents (in whole or in part, whether by way of open market
purchases, tender offers, private transactions or otherwise), all or any portion of any Indebtedness (including, without limitation Permitted
Indebtedness other than this Note and the Other Notes, but excluding Senior Indebtedness), by way of payment in respect of principal of
(or premium, if any) such Indebtedness. For clarity, such restriction shall not preclude the payment of regularly scheduled interest payments
which may accrue under Permitted Indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens (pursuant to clause (iv) of such definition);

7

(e) redeem or repurchase any
Equity Interest of the Company;

(f) declare or pay any cash
dividend or distribution on any Equity Interest of the Company or of its Subsidiaries other than wholly-owned Subsidiaries;

(g) make, any material change
in the nature of its business as described in the Companys most recent Quarterly Report filed on Form 10-Q with the SEC or modify
its corporate structure or purpose; or

(h) encumber, license or otherwise
allow any Liens on any Intellectual Property Rights, including, without limitation, any claims for damage by way of any past, present,
or future infringement of any of the foregoing, in each case, other than Permitted Liens;

(i) enter into, renew, extend
or be a party to, any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, license,
transfer or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any Affiliate, except in the ordinary
course of business in a manner and to an extent consistent with past practice and necessary or desirable for the prudent operation of
its business, for fair consideration and on terms no less favorable to it or its Subsidiaries than would be obtainable in a comparable
arms length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate thereof; or

(j) issue any Notes or issue
any other securities that would cause a breach or default under the Notes.

(16) AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS. Until all of the Notes have been redeemed or otherwise satisfied in full in accordance with their terms, the Company shall,
and the Company shall cause each Subsidiary to, unless otherwise agreed to by the Required Holders, directly
and indirectly:

(a) maintain and preserve
its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character
of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification
necessary;

(b) maintain
and preserve all of its properties which are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition,
ordinary wear and tear excepted, and comply at all times with the provisions of all leases to which it is a party as lessee or under which
it occupies property, so as to prevent any loss or forfeiture thereof or thereunder; 

(c) take
all action necessary or advisable to maintain all of the Intellectual Property Rights that is necessary or material to the conduct of
its business in full force and effect;

(d) maintain
current insurance policies, in such amounts and covering such risks as such policies currently cover; and

(e) promptly,
but in any event within one (1) Business Day, notify the Holder and the holders of the Other Notes in writing whenever an Event of Default
(an Event of Default Notice) occurs, and simultaneously with the delivery of such notice to the Holder and the holders
of the Other Notes, file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC to state such fact; and

(17) VOTE TO ISSUE, OR CHANGE
THE TERMS OF, NOTES. Any exchange, change or amendment or waiver of any provision to this Note or any of the Other Notes requires
written consent of the Required Holders. Any exchange, change, amendment or waiver by the Company and the Required Holders shall be binding
on the Holder of this Note and all holders of the Other Notes. The Holder hereby acknowledges and agrees that any action taken pursuant
to this Section may result in, or be perceived to result in, a disproportionate impact on the Holder compared to the impact of such action
on one or more holder(s) of Other Notes. This provision constitutes a separate right granted to each of the holders of Notes by the Company
and shall not in any way be construed as such holders acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting
of securities or otherwise.

8

(18) TRANSFER. This Note
may be offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder without the consent of the Company, subject only to the provisions of Section
4.1 of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(19) REISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE.

(a) Transfer. If this
Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver
upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 19(d) and subject to Section 3(c)(iii)), registered as the Holder
may request, representing the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal
is being transferred, a new Note (in accordance with Section 19(d)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred.
The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 3(c)(iii)
following redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated
on the face of this Note.

(b) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated
Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary
form (but without any obligation to post a surety or other bond) and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this
Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 19(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.

(c) Note Exchangeable for
Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company,
for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section 19(d)) representing in the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this Note, and each
such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

(d) Issuance of New Notes.
Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be of like tenor with
this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or in the case of a new
Note being issued pursuant to Section 19(a) or Section 19(c), the Principal designated by the Holder which, when added to the principal
represented by the other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the Principal remaining outstanding under
this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Note,
which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall represent
accrued and unpaid Interest, if any, from the Issuance Date.

(20) REMEDIES, CHARACTERIZATIONS,
OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other
remedies available under this Note and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance
and/or other injunctive relief). No remedy contained herein shall be deemed a waiver of compliance
with the provisions giving rise to such remedy. Nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual and consequential
damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be
no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with
respect to payments, redemption and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall
not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company
acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for
any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder
shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach, without the necessity of showing
economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

(21) PAYMENT OF COLLECTION,
ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS. If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected
or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the
provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting
Company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by the Holder for
such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including,
but not limited to, attorneys fees and disbursements. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that no amounts due under this
Note shall be affected, or limited, by the fact that the purchase price paid for this Note was less than the original Principal amount
hereof.

9

(22) CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS.
This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Purchasers and shall not be construed against any Person as
the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Note.

(23) FAILURE OR INDULGENCE
NOT WAIVER. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate
as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise
thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative
of the waiving party.

(24) DISPUTE RESOLUTION.
In the case of a dispute as to the determination of any Redemption Price, the Company shall pay the applicable Redemption Price that is
not disputed, and the Company shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via electronic mail within one (1) Business
Day of receipt, or deemed receipt, of the Redemption Notice or other event giving rise to such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder.
If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation within one (1) Business Day of such disputed
determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Holder, then the Company shall, within one (1) Business Day submit via
electronic mail the disputed arithmetic calculation of any Redemption Price to an independent, outside accountant, selected by the Holder
and approved by the Company, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The Company, at the Companys
expense, shall cause the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results
no later than five (5) Business Days from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations. Such accountants determination
or calculation, as the case may be, shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error.

(25) NOTICES; PAYMENTS.

(a) Notices. Whenever
notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with Section
5.4 of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant
to this Note, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor.

(b) Payments. Whenever
any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Holder pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the
United States of America via wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Holder; provided, that
the Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may elect to receive a payment of cash in lawful money of the United States of America
by a check drawn on the account of the Company and sent via overnight courier service to such Person at such address as previously provided
to the Company in writing (which address, in the case of each of the Purchasers, shall initially be as set forth on the signature pages
attached to the Securities Purchase Agreement). Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which
is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day.

(26) CANCELLATION. After
all Principal, any accrued Interest and any other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this Note shall automatically
be deemed canceled and shall not be reissued, sold or transferred.

(27) WAIVER OF NOTICE.
To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby waives demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with
the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note and the Securities Purchase Agreement.

10

(28) GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION;
JURY TRIAL. This Note shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of
any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding
is improper. The Company hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit,
action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to the Company at the address set forth on the Companys signature page to the Securities
Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be
deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction
to collect on the Companys obligations to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations,
or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS
NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(29) Severability.
If any provision of this Note is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that
it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this Note so long as this Note as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of
the Company and the Holder as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s)
in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the Company or the Holder or the practical
realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the Company or the Holder. The Company and the Holder will endeavor
in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which
comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

(30) DISCLOSURE. Upon
receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Note, unless the Company has in good faith determined
that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries,
the Company shall contemporaneously with any such receipt or delivery publicly disclose such material, nonpublic information on a Current
Report on Form 8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, nonpublic information relating
to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder contemporaneously with delivery of such notice, and in
the absence of any such indication, the Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters relating to such notice do not constitute
material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(31) USURY.
This Note is subject to the express condition that at no time shall the Company be obligated or required to pay interest hereunder at
a rate or in an amount which could subject the Holder to either civil or criminal liability as a result of being in excess of the maximum
interest rate or amount which the Company is permitted by applicable law to contract or agree to pay. If by the terms of this Note, the
Company is at any time required or obligated to pay interest hereunder, including by way of an original issue discount, at a rate or in
an amount in excess of such maximum rate or amount, the rate or amount of interest under this Note shall be deemed to be immediately reduced
to such maximum rate or amount and the interest payable shall be computed at such maximum rate or be in such maximum amount and all prior
interest payments in excess of such maximum rate or amount shall be applied and shall be deemed to have been payments in reduction of
the principal balance of this Note.

11

(32) CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.
For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Affiliate
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

(b) Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York, New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

(c) Change of Control
means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of the Common Stock in which
holders of the Companys voting power immediately prior to such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification continue after
such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to hold publicly traded securities and, directly or indirectly, are the holders
of a majority of the voting power of the surviving entity (or entities with the authority or voting power to elect the members of the
board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities) after such reorganization, recapitalization
or reclassification or (ii) pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation
of the Company.

(d) Closing Date
shall have the meaning set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement, which date is the date the Company initially issued Notes pursuant
to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(e) Common Stock
means (i) the Companys shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and (ii) any capital stock into which such Common Stock
shall be changed or any capital stock resulting from a reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of such Common Stock.

(f) Contingent Obligation
means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to any Indebtedness, lease,
dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary
effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements
relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with
respect thereto.

(g) Convertible
Securities means any stock or securities (other than Options) directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for shares of Common Stock.

(h) Equity Interests
means (a) all shares of capital stock (whether denominated as common capital stock or preferred capital stock), equity interests, beneficial,
partnership or membership interests, joint venture interests, participations or other ownership or profit interests in or equivalents
(regardless of how designated) of or in a Person (other than an individual), whether voting or non-voting and (b) all securities convertible
into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing and all warrants, Options or other rights to purchase, subscribe for or otherwise acquire
any of the foregoing, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable.

(i) Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

12

(j) Fundamental
Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through Subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise,
in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another
Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of
the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) to one or more Subject Entities,
or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow the Company to be subject to or have its Common Stock be subject
to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of at least either
(x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common
Stock held by all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entities making or party to, such purchase, tender
or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that all Subject Entities making or party to,
or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer, become collectively the beneficial
owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iv) consummate
a stock purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities whereby such Subject Entities, individually or in the aggregate, acquire,
either (x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated
as if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or
party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock
such that the Subject Entities become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of at least
50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock, (B) that the Company shall,
directly or indirectly, including through Subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions allow any Subject
Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to be or become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, whether through acquisition, purchase, assignment, conveyance, tender, tender offer,
exchange, reduction in outstanding shares of Common Stock, merger, consolidation, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification or otherwise in any manner whatsoever, of either
(x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate
ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock not held by all such Subject Entities as of the Subscription
Date calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such Subject Entities were not outstanding, or (z) a percentage of the aggregate
ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company sufficient
to allow such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short form merger or other transaction requiring other stockholders of the Company
to surrender their shares of Common Stock without approval of the stockholders of the Company or (C) that the Company shall, directly
or indirectly, including through Subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, the issuance of or the entering
into any other instrument or transaction structured in a manner to circumvent, or that circumvents, the intent of this definition in which
case this definition shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this definition
to the extent necessary to correct this definition or any portion of this definition which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
treatment of such instrument or transaction.

(k) GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied during the periods involved.

(l) Group
means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

(m) Indebtedness
of any Person means, without duplication (i) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (ii) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as
the deferred purchase price of property or services, including (without limitation) finance leases in accordance with GAAP
(other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), (iii) all reimbursement or
payment obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (iv) all obligations evidenced by notes,
bonds, debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property,
assets or businesses, (v) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred
as financing, in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights
and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property),
(vi) all monetary obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with GAAP, is classified as a finance lease,
(vii) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (i) through (vi) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing
right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance
of any nature whatsoever in or upon any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) with respect to any asset or property
owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such
indebtedness, and (vii) all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses
(i) through (vii) above.

13

(n) Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(o) Material Adverse
Effect shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(p) Options
means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase (i) shares of Common Stock or (ii) Convertible Securities.

(q) Permitted Indebtedness
means (i) Indebtedness evidenced by this Note and the Other Notes, (ii) trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practice, (iii) unsecured Indebtedness incurred by the Company that is made expressly subordinate in right of payment
to the Indebtedness evidenced by this Note, as reflected in a written agreement acceptable to the Required Holders and approved by the
Required Holders in writing, and which Indebtedness (a) does not provide at any time for the payment, prepayment, repayment, repurchase
or defeasance, directly or indirectly, of any principal or premium, if any, thereon until ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date
or later and (b) includes terms and conditions acceptable to the Required Holders; (iv) Indebtedness, up to $50,000, in the aggregate,
secured by Permitted Liens described in clauses (iv) of the definition of Permitted Liens; (v) Indebtedness existing as of the Issuance
Date (including extensions or refinancings thereof), provided that such extensions or refinancings do not increase the principal amount
or shorten the maturity of such Indebtedness; and (vi) Indebtedness incurred by the Companys subsidiaries in the ordinary course
of business, provided that such Indebtedness is either (a) unsecured or (b) secured solely by the assets of the applicable subsidiary.

(r) Permitted Liens
means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate
reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course of business by operation
of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by operation of law, such as materialmens
liens, mechanics liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to a liability that is
not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (iv) Liens (A) upon or in any equipment
acquired or held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or Indebtedness incurred solely
for the purpose of financing the acquisition or lease of such equipment, or (B) existing on such equipment at the time of its acquisition,
provided that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment, (v)
Liens incurred in connection with the extension, renewal or refinancing of the Indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described in
clause (iv) above, provided that any extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall be limited to the property encumbered by the existing
Lien and the principal amount of the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does not increase, (vi) leases or subleases and
licenses and sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of the Companys business, not interfering in any material respect
with the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (vii) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising
as a matter of law to secure payments of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods and (viii) Liens arising from judgments,
decrees or attachments in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under Section 4(a)(ix).

(s) Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof.

(t) Purchaser
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

14

(u) Redemption Dates
means, collectively, the Event of Default Redemption Dates and the Change of Control Redemption Dates and the Optional Prepayment Date,
as applicable, each of the foregoing, individually, a Redemption Date.

(v) Redemption Notices
means, collectively, the Event of Default Redemption Notices and the Change of Control Redemption Notices and the Optional Prepayment
Notice, each of the foregoing, individually, a Redemption Notice.

(w) Redemption Premium
means 125%.

(x) Redemption Prices
means, collectively, the Event of Default Redemption Prices and the Change of Control Redemption Prices and the Note Amount being prepaid
upon any Optional Prepayment, each of the foregoing, individually, a Redemption Price.

(y) Related Fund
means, with respect to any Person, a fund or account managed by such Person or an Affiliate of such Person.

(z) Required Holders
means the holders of Notes representing, in aggregate, at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding.

(aa) SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(bb) Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(cc) Securities
Purchase Agreement means that certain securities purchase agreement dated as of the Subscription Date by and among the Company
and each purchaser identified on the signature pages attached thereto pursuant to which the Company issued the Notes and Shares, as may
be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

(dd) Shares
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement, and shall include all warrants issued in exchange therefor
or replacement thereof.

(ee) Subject Entity
means any Person, Persons or Group or any Affiliate or associate of any such Person, Persons or Group.

(ff) Subscription
Date means January 21, 2025.

(gg) Subsidiary
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(hh) Transaction
Documents shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

[Signature page follows.]

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

alternus clean energy, inc.

By: 

Name: Vincent Browne

Title: Chief Executive Officer

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022862301ex4-2_alternus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PLACEMENT AGENT WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE
SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ALTERNUS
CLEAN ENERGY, INC.

Warrant Shares: Initial Exercise Date: July 23, 2025

Issue Date: January 23, 2025

THIS PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
July 23, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date that is
the five (5) year anniversary of the Issue Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and
purchase from Alternus Clean Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to shares (as subject
to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under
this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant is being issued pursuant to the Placement
Agency Agreement (as defined below).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common
Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a
Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB
or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases,
the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a
majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be
paid by the Company.

1

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are
open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agency Agreement means the placement agency agreement, dated as of January 21, 2025, among the Company and Maxim Group LLC,
as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

2

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 48 Wall Street,
22nd Floor, New York, NY 10005, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Placement Agent Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of
Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or
after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable of the date
on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain
records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any
Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant,
acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares
hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the
face hereof.

3

b)Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.4059, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by
(A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1)
both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation
NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered
within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day)
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise
is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular
trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise. 

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The
Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

4

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the
Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in
the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is
entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest
of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the
aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery
to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice
of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect
to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the
number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for
any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise
(based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per
Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date
until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant
in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request
of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new
Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall
in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant
to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

5

iv.Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available
to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such
exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request
of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

v.No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the
Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder;
provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder,
this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and
the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository
Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of
the Warrant Shares.

vii.Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

6

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any
other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons,
Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined
below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its
Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable
upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the
Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. 
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the
limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other
securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the
Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the
Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public
announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day
confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the
number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares
of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this
Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this
paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to
correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership
Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The
limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a)Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise
of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares
of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or
sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to
acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if
the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any
limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on
which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of
which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such
extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right
thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) 
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise, other than cash (including, without limitation, any distribution of stock or other securities, property or options by
way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a
Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be
entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on
exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is
taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the
Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the
benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

8

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or
substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are
permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of
50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the
Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or
recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a
reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such
other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the
common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise
immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or
of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock
for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section
2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate
Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If
holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction,
then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant
following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the
Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company
under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction
and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity
evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a
corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of
capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and
the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is
reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor
Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of
such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to
each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor
Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant with the same
effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company
herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(d) regardless
of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a
Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

9

e)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share,
as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given
date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)Notice to Holder.

i.Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to
Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall
appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

10

g)Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time
during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by
the Companys Board of Directors.

h)Adjustment Upon Issuance of Shares of Common Stock. If and whenever on or after the date of issuance (the Issuance
Date), the Company issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to grant, issue or sell), or in accordance with this Section 3(h)
is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock and/or Common Stock Equivalents (including the issuance or sale of shares
of Common Stock owned or held by or for the account of the Company, but excluding any Exempt Issuance issued or sold or deemed to have
been issued or sold) for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price) less than a price equal to the Exercise Price
in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale (such Exercise Price then in effect is referred to herein
as the Applicable Price) (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance), then simultaneously with the consummation (or,
if earlier, the announcement) of each such Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to
the New Issuance Price and the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable
hereunder, after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise Price, shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such
adjustment. For all purposes of the foregoing (including, without limitation, determining the adjusted Exercise Price and the New Issuance
Price under this Section 3(h)), the following shall be applicable:

i. Issuance of Options. If the Company in any manner grants or sells any rights, warrants or options
to subscribe for or purchase shares of preferred stock and/or Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents which does not include any Exempt
Issuances (Options) and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the
exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Common Stock Equivalents issuable upon exercise of any such
Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such share of Common Stock shall be deemed to
be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the granting or sale of such Option for such price per share.
For purposes of this Section 3(h)(i), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise
of any such Options or upon conversion, exercise
or exchange of any Common Stock Equivalents issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof
shall be equal to (1) the lower of (x) the sum of the lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with
respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the granting or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise
or exchange of any Common Stock Equivalents issuable upon exercise of such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof and (y) the
lowest exercise price set forth in such Option for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of any such Options or
upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Common Stock Equivalents issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise pursuant
to the terms thereof minus (2) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Option (or any other Person) upon the granting,
issuance or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Common Stock Equivalents
issuable upon exercise of such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof plus the value of any other consideration received or
receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such Option (or any other Person). Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment
of the Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock or of such Common Stock Equivalents upon the
exercise of such Options or otherwise pursuant to the terms of or upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion,
exercise or exchange of such Common Stock Equivalents. This Section 3(h)(i) shall not apply to any Exempt Issuance.

11

ii. Issuance of Common Stock Equivalents. If the Company in any manner issues or sells any Common Stock
Equivalents and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the conversion, exercise or
exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof is less than the Exercise Price, then such share of Common Stock shall be
deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale of such Common Stock Equivalents
for such price per share. For the purposes of this Section 3(h)(ii), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock
is issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof shall be equal to (1)
the lower of (x) the sum of the lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to one share
of Common Stock upon the issuance or sale of the Common Stock Equivalent and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Common Stock
Equivalent or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof and (y) the lowest conversion price set forth in such Common Stock Equivalent for
which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon conversion, exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof minus
(2) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Common Stock Equivalent (or any other Person) upon the issuance or sale
of such Common Stock Equivalent plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder
of such Common Stock Equivalent (or any other Person). Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the
Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Common
Stock Equivalents or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof, and if any such issuance or sale of such Common Stock Equivalents is made
upon exercise of any Options for which adjustment of the Warrant has been or is to be made pursuant to other provisions of this Section
3(h), except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made by reason of such issuance or sale.

iii. Change in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If the purchase or exercise price provided for in
any Options, the additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Common Stock Equivalents,
or the rate at which any Common Stock Equivalents are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock increases
or decreases at any time (other than proportional changes in conversion or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection with an event
referred to in Section 3(a)), the Exercise Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to the Exercise
Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Common Stock Equivalents provided for such increased or decreased
purchase price, additional consideration or increased or decreased conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time initially granted,
issued or sold. For purposes of this Section 3(h)(iii), if the terms of any Option or Common Stock Equivalents that was outstanding as
of the Issuance Date are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence, then such Option or Common
Stock Equivalents and the shares of Common Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have
been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 3(h) shall be made if such adjustment
would result in an increase of the Exercise Price then in effect.

12

iv. Calculation of Consideration Received. If any Option and/or Common Stock Equivalent and/or
Adjustment Right is issued in connection with the issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of any other securities of the Company
(as determined by the Holder, the Primary Security, and such Option and/or Common Stock Equivalent and/or Adjustment
Right, the Secondary Securities and together with the Primary Security, each a Unit), together
comprising one integrated transaction, the aggregate consideration per share of Common Stock with respect to such Primary Security
shall be deemed to be the lowest of (x) the purchase price of such Unit, (y) if such Primary Security is an Option and/or Common
Stock Equivalent, the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise or
conversion of the Primary Security in accordance with Section 3(h)(i) or 3(h)(ii) above and (z) the lowest VWAP on any Trading Day
during the five (5) Trading Day period (the Adjustment Period) immediately following the public announcement of such
Dilutive Issuance (for the avoidance of doubt, if such public announcement is released prior to the opening of the applicable
Trading Market on a Trading Day, such Trading Day shall be the first Trading Day in such five Trading Day period and if
this Warrant is exercised, on any given Exercise Date during any such Adjustment Period, solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant
converted on such applicable Exercise Date, such applicable Adjustment Period shall be deemed to have ended on, and included, the Trading
Day immediately prior to such Exercise Date). If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Common Stock Equivalents are issued or sold or
deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration received therefor will be deemed to be the net amount of consideration
received by the Company therefor. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Common Stock Equivalents are issued or sold for a consideration
other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value of such consideration, except where such
consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration received by the Company for such securities
will be the lowest VWAP on any Trading Day during the five (5) Trading Day period immediately preceding the date of receipt. If any shares
of Common Stock, Options or Common Stock Equivalents are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger
in which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair value of such portion
of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to such shares of Common Stock, Options or Common Stock
Equivalents (as the case may be). The fair value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities will be determined
jointly by the Company and the Holder. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) days after the occurrence of an event
requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair value of such consideration will be determined within five (5) Trading
Days after the tenth (10th) day following such Valuation Event by an independent, reputable appraiser jointly selected by the Company
and the Holder. The determination of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error and the fees and
expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Company. For purposes of hereof, Adjustment Right means any right granted
with respect to any securities issued in connection with, or with respect to, any issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale in accordance
with this Section 3(h)) of shares of Common Stock (other than rights of the type described in Section 3(b) and Section 3(c) hereof) that
could result in a decrease in the net consideration received by the Company in connection with, or with respect to, such securities (including,
without limitation, any cash settlement rights, cash adjustment or other similar rights).

v. Record Date. If the Company takes a record of the holders of shares of Common Stock for the purpose
of entitling them (A) to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, Options or in Common Stock Equivalents
or (B) to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock, Options or Common Stock Equivalents, then such record date will be deemed
to be the date of the issuance or sale of the shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend
or the making of such other distribution or the date
of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

13

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a)Transferability. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of
this Warrant shall be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative,
put or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days
immediately following the commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except as permitted under
FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the restrictions herein, this Warrant and all rights
hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant
at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the
form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon
the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or
Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this
Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office
of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date and shall
be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose
(the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat
the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

14

d)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view
to or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Registration
Rights. 

a)To the extent the Company does not maintain an effective registration statement for the Warrant Shares and in the further event
that the Company files a registration statement with the Commission covering the sale of its shares of Common Stock (other than a registration
statement on Form S-4 or S-8, or on another form, or in another context, in which such piggyback registration would be inappropriate),
then, for a period of five (5) years from the commencement of sales of the offering, the Company shall give written notice of such proposed
filing to the Holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date, which notice shall
describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the
proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering, and offer to the Holder in such notice the opportunity to register
the sale of such number of shares of Warrant Shares as such Holder may request in writing within five (5) business days following receipt
of such notice (a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall cause such Warrant Shares to be included in such registration
and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering
to permit the Warrant Shares requested to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities
of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Warrant Shares in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution
thereof. All Holders proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggyback Registration that involves an underwriter or underwriters
shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggyback Registration.
Furthermore, each Holder must provide such information as reasonably requested by the Company (which information shall be limited to that
which is required for disclosure under the Securities Act and the forms, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) to be included
in the registration statement timely or the Company may elect to exclude such Holder from the registration statement.

b)In addition, for a period of five (5) years from the commencement of sales of the offering, upon the written demand of the Holders
of at least 51% of the Warrants and underlying Warrant Shares, the Holder shall be entitled to one (1) demand right for the registration
of the Warrant Shares at the Companys expense and one (1) demand right for the registration of the Warrant Shares at the Holders
expense (the Demand Registration). In the event of a Demand Registration, the Company shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to register the applicable Warrant Shares. All Holders of Warrant Shares proposing to distribute their securities through
a Demand Registration that involves an underwriter or underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the
underwriter or underwriters selected for such Demand Registration. Furthermore, each Holder must provide such information
as reasonably requested by the Company (which information shall be limited to that which is required for disclosure under the Securities
Act and the forms, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) to be included in the registration statement timely or the Company may
elect to exclude such Holder from the registration statement.

15

c)Notwithstanding the foregoing, the registration rights described in this Section 5 shall be subject to limitations imposed by the
Commissions rules or comments of the Commission staff in connection with its review of the registration statement for any such
resale registration. Moreover, notwithstanding the foregoing registration obligations of the Company, if the Company furnishes to the
Holders requesting a Demand Registration a certificate signed by the Companys chief executive officer stating that in the good
faith judgment of the Companys Board of Directors it would be materially detrimental to the Company and its stockholders for a
registration statement to either become effective or remain effective for as long as such registration statement otherwise would be required
to remain effective, because such action would (i) materially interfere with a significant acquisition, corporate reorganization, or other
similar transaction involving the Company; (ii) require premature disclosure of material information that the Company has a bona fide
business purpose for preserving as confidential; or (iii) render the Company unable to comply with requirements under the Securities Act
or Exchange Act, then the Company shall have the right to defer taking action with respect to such Demand Registration or withdraw a related
registration statement for a period of not more than forty-five (45) calendar days; provided, however, that the Company may not invoke
this right more than twice in any twelve (12) month period or during the twelve (12) month period prior to the Termination Date.

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a)No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right
required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or
such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

16

d)Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

17

e)Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the
transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of
New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees
and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f)Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered,
and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder
shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other
provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in
any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 360 Kingsley Park Drive, Suite 250, Fort Mill, South Carolina 29715, Attention: Taliesin
Durant, email address: td@alternusenergy.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes
by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided
by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or
other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time)
on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the
e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv)
upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes,
or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

18

i)Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the
Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages,
will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and
shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company
and the Holder.

m)Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and
valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be
deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

19

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ALTERNUS CLEAN ENERGY, INC.

By: 

Name: Vincent Browne

Title: Chief Executive Officer

20

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To:
ALTERNUS CLEAN ENERGY, INC.

(1)The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes,
if any.

(2) Payment shall take the
form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money
of the United States; or

if permitted the
cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise
this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in
subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022862301ex10-1_alternus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY 21, 2025 BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE PURCHASERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of January 21, 2025, between Alternus Clean Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (including their respective successors
and assigns, each a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

1. Definitions. In addition to the
terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in this
Section 1:

1.1 Acquiring Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

1.2 Action shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.10.

1.3 Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule
405 under the Securities Act.

1.4 Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

1.5 BHCA shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.42.

1.6 Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

1.7 Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which
commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial
banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

1.8 Buy-In Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1.4.

1.9 Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant
to Section 2.1.

1.10 Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents
have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations
to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or
waived.

1.11 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.12 Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.13 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.0001 par value per
share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

1

1.14 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries
which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock,
right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles
the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

1.15 Company shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

1.16 Company Counsel means with respect to U.S. federal securities law and New
York law, Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10036.

1.17 Disclosure Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered
concurrently herewith.

1.18 Disclosure Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not
a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York
City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement
Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day,
no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

1.19 Disqualification Event shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
3.1.44.

1.20 Escrow Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, 1 State
Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004.

1.21 Escrow Agreement means the escrow agreement entered into as of the date hereof,
by and among the Company, the Escrow Agent and the Placement Agent, pursuant to which the Purchasers shall deposit Subscription Amounts
with the Escrow Agent to be applied to the transactions contemplated hereunder.

1.22 Escrow Agent Instruction Letter means the written notice of release instructions
to the Escrow Agent in the form of Exhibit 1.22 attached hereto.

1.23 Evaluation Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.19.

1.24 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.25 FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

1.26 Federal Reserve shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.42.

1.27 GAAP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.8.

1.28 Indebtedness shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.28.

1.29 Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
in Section 3.1.16.

1.30 Issuer Covered Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
3.1.44.

1.31 IT Systems and Data shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
3.1.47.

2

1.32 Legend Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
4.1.3.

1.33 Liens means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of
first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

1.34 Lock-Up Agreement means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof,
by and among the Company and the directors, executive officers, employees and shareholders holding at least ten percent (10%) of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock on a fully converted basis, in the form of Exhibit 1.34 attached hereto.

1.35 Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section
3.1.2.

1.36 Material Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.14.

1.37 Money Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
3.1.43.

1.38 Notes means the Notes, issued by the Company to the Purchasers hereunder,
in the form attached hereto.

1.39 OFAC shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.40.

1.40 Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated
or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision
thereof) or other entity of any kind.

1.41 PFIC shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.17.

1.42 Placement Agent means Maxim Group LLC.

1.43 Placement Agent Agreement means the placement agent agreement, dated on or
about the date hereof, between the Company and the Placement Agent.

1.44 Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including,
without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

1.45 Public Information Failure shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 4.2.2.

1.46 Purchaser shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

1.47 Purchaser Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

1.48 Registration Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated
as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and the Purchaser Parties, in the form of Exhibit 1.48 attached hereto.

1.49 Required Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
3.1.5.

1.50 Resale Effective Date means the earliest of the date that (a) the initial
Resale Registration Statement registering for resale all Shares has been declared effective by the Commission, (b) all of the Shares have
been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the
current public information required under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (c) following the one year anniversary
of the Closing Date provided that the applicable holder of Shares is not an Affiliate of the Company, or (d) all of the Shares may be
sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions
and Company Counsel has delivered to such holders a standing written
unqualified opinion that resales may then be made by such holders of the Shares pursuant to such exemption which opinion shall be in form
and substance reasonably acceptable to such holders.

3

1.51 Resale Registration Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements
set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering the resale by the Purchasers of the Shares.

1.52 Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities
Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission
having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

1.53 Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities
Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission
having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

1.54 SEC Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.8.

1.55 Securities means the Shares and the Notes purchased pursuant to this Agreement.

1.56 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.57 Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser
pursuant to this Agreement.

1.58 Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of
Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

1.59 Subscription Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be
paid for Securities purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next
to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

1.60 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in Schedule 3.1.1
and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

1.61 Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for
trading.

1.62 Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the
Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global
Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Open Market (or any successors to any of
the foregoing).

1.63 Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Securities, the Registration
Rights Agreement, the Placement Agent Agreement, the Escrow Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreements, and all exhibits and schedules thereto
and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

1.64 Transfer Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (formerly known as American
Stock Transfer & Trust Company), the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Mendota
Heights, MN 55120 and an email address of [__]@equiniti.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

1.65 VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the
following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for
such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading
Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported
on the OTC Pink (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share
of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of the Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

4

2. Purchase and Sale.

2.1. Closing. On the Closing
Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, for an
aggregate of approximately $2,250,000 million in Subscription Amount, the following Securities: for each $1,000 in Subscription Amount,
(i) $1,250 aggregate principal amount of Notes and (ii) approximately 1,474.39 Shares. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Escrow Agent,
via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page
hereto executed by such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Securities, as determined pursuant to
Section 2.2.1, and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2.2 deliverable at the Closing.
Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3.1 and 2.3.2, the Closing shall occur at the offices of counsel
to the Placement Agent or such other location (or remotely by electronic means) as the parties shall mutually agree. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser,
through and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), if such Purchaser
sells to any Person all, or any portion, of any Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement
Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the
Company), be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase such Pre-Settlement Shares at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall
not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price for
such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder, and provided further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing shall not
constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not such Purchaser will elect to sell any Pre-Settlement Shares
during the Pre-Settlement Period. The decision to sell any Pre-Settlement Shares will be made in the sole discretion of such Purchaser
from time to time, including during the Pre-Settlement Period.

2.2. Deliveries.

2.2.1. The Company
shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser or the Placement Agent, as appropriate, the following at the times stated:

2.2.1.1 on the date hereof:

2.2.1.1.1. this Agreement duly executed
by the Company.

2.2.1.1.2. a certificate executed by the
Chief Financial Officer of the Company in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and its counsel.

2.2.1.1.3. the Lock-Up Agreements.

2.2.1.1.4. the Registration Rights Agreement
duly executed by the Company.

5

2.2.1.1.5. the Escrow Agreement.

2.2.1.2 on or prior to the Closing Date:

2.2.1.2.1. a legal opinion of Company
Counsel, addressed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and the
Purchasers.

2.2.1.2.2. a copy of the irrevocable instructions
to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver, on an expedited basis, a certificate (or at the request of the Purchaser,
book entry statement) evidencing a number of Shares equal to (i) such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by (ii) $1.47439,
registered in the name of such Purchaser.

2.2.1.2.3. a Note with a principal amount
equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount multiplied by 1.25, registered in the name of such Purchaser.

2.2.1.2.4. the Company shall have provided
each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief
Financial Officer.

2.2.1.2.5. a duly executed and delivered
Officers Certificate, in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and its counsel.

2.2.2. Each Purchaser,
and the Placement Agent, as applicable, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following at the times stated:

2.2.2.1 on the date hereof:

2.2.2.1.1. this Agreement duly executed
by such Purchaser.

2.2.2.1.2. the Registration Rights Agreement
duly executed by such Purchaser.

2.2.2.1.3. the Escrow Agreement.

2.2.2.1.4. duly executed joint written
Escrow Agent Instruction Letter.

2.2.2.1.5. the Placement Agent Agreement.

2.2.2.2 on or prior to the Closing Date,
such Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the Escrow Agent.

2.3. Closing Conditions.

2.3.1. The obligations
of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to each of the following conditions being met:

2.3.1.1 the accuracy in all material
respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when
made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein
in which case they shall be accurate as of such date.

2.3.1.2 all obligations, covenants and
agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed.

6

2.3.1.3 the delivery by each Purchaser
of the items set forth in Section 2.2.2 of this Agreement.

2.3.2. The respective
obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to each of the following conditions being met:

2.3.2.1 the accuracy in all material
respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when
made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein
in which case they shall be accurate as of such date).

2.3.2.2 all obligations, covenants and
agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed.

2.3.2.3 the delivery by the Company
of the items set forth in Section 2.2.1 of this Agreement.

2.3.2.4 there shall have been no Material
Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof.

2.3.2.5 from the date hereof to the
Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys principal Trading Market,
and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended
or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading
Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have
occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect
on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it
impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

3. Representations and Warranties.

3.1. Representations and Warranties
of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

3.1.1. Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1.1. Except as disclosed in the Companys
public filings, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and
clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully
paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries,
all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

3.1.2. Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse
effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company
and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect
on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect;
provided, however, that Material Adverse Effect shall not include any event, occurrence, fact, condition or
change, directly or indirectly, arising out of or attributable to: (i) the announcement, pendency or completion of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents, or (ii) any action required or permitted by the Transaction Documents or any action taken (or omitted to
be taken) with the written consent of or at the written request of Purchaser). As to all Company and Subsidiary power, authority and qualification,
no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such
power and authority or qualification.

7

3.1.3. Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys shareholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

3.1.4. No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration
or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing
a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property
or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in
a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority
to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property
or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3.1.5. Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice
to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person
in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required
pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Resale Registration Statement pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities
and the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission
and such other filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (the Required Approvals).

3.1.6. Issuance
of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further
sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue thereof), free and clear of all Liens imposed by the
Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and applicable law. The Company has reserved from
its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement. The Company hereby
acknowledges and agrees that, for the avoidance of doubt, each Share issued pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to have been issued
for zero consideration.

8

3.1.7. Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1.7, which Schedule 3.1.7 shall also include the
number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. Other than as
stated in Schedule 3.1.7, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares
of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise
of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has
any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1.7, or pursuant to this Agreement, there are no outstanding options,
warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common
Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary
is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The
issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities
to any Person (other than the Purchasers). Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1.7, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of
the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument
upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1.7, there are no outstanding securities
or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such
Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar
plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation
of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any shareholder,
the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no shareholders agreements,
voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to
the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys shareholders.

3.1.8. SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to
be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the
SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer
subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at
the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto, and fairly present in all material respects the
financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and
cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

9

3.1.9. Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1.9, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise)
other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities
not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission,
(iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of
cash or other property to its shareholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital
stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company
stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except
for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development
has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective
businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under
applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1)
Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

3.1.10. Litigation.
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1.10, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1.10, (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have
or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer
thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws
or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company, except in the ordinary
course of business that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending
the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

3.1.11. Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the
Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that
their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and
foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

10

3.1.12. Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

3.1.13. Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii)
have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective
businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i),
(ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

3.1.14. Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation
or modification of any Material Permit.

3.1.15. Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid and marketable rights
to lease or otherwise use, all real property and all personal property that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens that do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made in accordance with GAAP, and the payment of which is neither
delinquent nor subject to penalties. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any claim of any
sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or its Subsidiaries under any of the leases or subleases or
licenses or with respect to the properties mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or any Subsidiary to
the continued possession or use of the leased or subleased or licensed premises or the properties mentioned above, other than such claims
which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.1.16. Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark
applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar
rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure
to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of,
and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has
expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years after the date of this
Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim
or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could
not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property
Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company
and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual
properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

11

3.1.17. Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage in amount deemed prudent by the Company. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any
reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar
coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

3.1.18. Transactions
with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1.18, during the past three fiscal years and the subsequent interim
period through the date of this Agreement, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of
the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary
(other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the
furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from
or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company,
any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, shareholder,
member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii)
reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under
any stock option plan of the Company.

3.1.19. Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. Except as set forth on Schedule
3.1.19, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its
most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in
the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its
Subsidiaries.

12

3.1.20. Certain
Fees. Except for the fees and expenses of the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will
be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker,
bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation
with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section
3.1.20 that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

3.1.21. Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby.
To the Companys knowledge, the issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the
Trading Market.

3.1.22. Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not
be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The
Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

3.1.23. Registration
Rights. Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1.23 and other than to each of the Purchasers pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,
no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of
the Company or any Subsidiary.

3.1.24. Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
Except as disclosed in the Companys SEC filings, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice
from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in
the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently
eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current
in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic
transfer.

3.1.25. Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

3.1.26. Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers
will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or
on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions
contemplated hereby, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press
releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees
that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than
those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

13

3.1.27. No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales
of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be
integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such
securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the
securities of the Company are listed or designated.

3.1.28. Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount
that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as
now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the
business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current
cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into
account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts
are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances
which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction
within one year after the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1.28 sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary
course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or
not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by
endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the
present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

3.1.29. Tax
Status. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1.29, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all material United
States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction
to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all material taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown
or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for
the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are
no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company
or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

3.1.30. No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and
certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

14

3.1.31. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent
or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the
Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

3.1.32. Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is Kreit & Chiu CPA, LLP , with offices at 733 Third Avenue, Floor 16, #1014, New York,
NY 10017. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by
the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys
Annual Report for the now current fiscal year.

3.1.33. No
Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated
by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company
is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any
of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

3.1.34. Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting
solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

3.1.35. Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary (except
for Sections 3.2.7 and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii)
past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which
any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock and (iv)
each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various
times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing
shareholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company
acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

3.1.36. Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any
action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the
sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the
Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company,
other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Companys placement agent in connection with the placement
of the Securities.

15

3.1.37. Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Purchasers shall be deemed
a representation and warranty by the Company to the Purchasers as to the matters covered thereby.

3.1.38. D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires most recently completed by each
of the Companys directors and officers and beneficial owner of 5% or more of the shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
is true and correct in all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed
in such questionnaires become inaccurate and incorrect.

3.1.39. Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan, if any, was granted (i) in
accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value
of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under
the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

3.1.40. Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer,
agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

3.1.41. U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

3.1.42. Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act
of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly
or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more
of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that
is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

3.1.43. Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.1.44. No
Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer
of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding
voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the
Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered
Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad
Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable
care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent
applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers a copy of any disclosures
provided thereunder.

16

3.1.45. Other
Covered Persons. Other than the Placement Agent, the Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person)
that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any
Securities.

3.1.46. Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers and the Placement Agent in writing, prior to the Closing Date
of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become
a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.1.47. Cybersecurity.
(i) (a) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers,
vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and
Data) and (b) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition
that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and
the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of
any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy
and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation
or modification, except, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) herein, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect
its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and
(iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and
practices.

3.1.48 Nasdaq
Listing; Notice of Non-Compliance. On May 6, 2024, the Company received written notice from Nasdaq staff that it was not in compliance
with the continued listing standard under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) due to the Companys failure to maintain a Market Value
of Listed Securities (MVLS) of at least $35 million for 30 consecutive business days. The Company did not regain compliance
by the November 4, 2024 deadline, and on such date, Nasdaq staff issued a written notice stating that the Companys securities are
subject to delisting. The Company appealed the delisting determination, and a hearing before a Nasdaq hearings panel was held on January
9, 2025. The Nasdaq hearings panel has not yet rendered its decision, and the Company expects a determination within the next few weeks
of the date hereof. The Company has submitted, and will continue to submit, written updates and proposals to Nasdaq in an effort to regain
compliance. While the Company is exercising diligent efforts to maintain its Nasdaq listing, there can be no assurance that the Company
will regain or maintain compliance with Nasdaqs continued listing standards. If the Company is unable to regain compliance and
its securities are delisted, it could materially and adversely affect the liquidity, marketability, and market price of the Companys
common stock, as well as the Companys ability to access capital markets or engage in financing transactions.

3.2. Representations and Warranties
of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof
and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of
such date):

3.2.1. Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the law of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

17

3.2.2. Own
Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities as defined in Rule 144 and have
not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its
own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute
or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation
and warranty shall not limit such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in
compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course
of its business.

3.2.3. Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is either: (i) an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or
(ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a)(1) under the Securities Act. Such Purchaser hereby represents
that neither such Purchaser nor any of its Rule 506(d) Related Parties (as defined below) is a bad actor within the meaning
of Rule 506(d) promulgated under the Securities Act. For purposes of this Agreement, Rule 506(d) Related Party shall mean
a person or entity covered by the Bad Actor disqualification provision of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act.

3.2.4. Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

3.2.5. General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchasers knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement,
article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over
television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

3.2.6. Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all
exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement
Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities
nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation
as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information
with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be and has not been provided to it (other than with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents). In connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement
Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

18

3.2.7. Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor
has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases
or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by
the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons
party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners,
legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made
to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

3.2.8 Acknowledgment
of Risk and Independent Decision-Making. Each Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it is a sophisticated investor capable of
evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Securities and has conducted its own independent review and analysis of the Company,
including risks related to the potential Nasdaq delisting disclosed in the Companys public filings.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations
contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other
document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty,
or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

4. Other Agreements of the Parties.

4.1. Transfer Restrictions.

4.1.1. The Securities
may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities other than
pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a
pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1.2, the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel
selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act.
As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the Registration
Rights Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.

19

4.1.2. The Purchasers
agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in substantially the following
form:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT
TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE
PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT
IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant
a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured
Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal
opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall
be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation
as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including,
if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the preparation and filing of any required
prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately
amend the list of Selling Shareholders (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder.

4.1.3. Certificates
evidencing the Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1.2 hereof), (i) while a registration
statement (including the Resale Registration Statement) covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii)
following any sale of such Shares pursuant to Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information required
under Rule 144, (iii) if such Shares are eligible for sale or may be sold under Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions,
or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements
issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser
if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If the
Shares may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144, or
if the Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information
required under Rule 144 as to such Shares or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities
Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission), then such Shares shall be issued free
of all legends. The Company agrees that following the Resale Effective Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under
this Section 4.1.3, it will, no later than the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard
Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing
Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver
or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such Shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends.
The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer
set forth in this Section 4. Certificates for Securities subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by
such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of
Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a
certificate representing Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend.

20

4.1.4. In addition
to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated damages and
not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities are submitted to the Transfer
Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1.3, $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading
Day five (5) Trading Days after the Legend Removal Date) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is
delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to a Purchaser by the Legend
Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by such Purchaser that is free from all restrictive
and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock,
or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock that such Purchaser
anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal to the excess of such Purchasers total
purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased
(including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price) over the product
of (A) such number of that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest
closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to
the Company of the applicable Shares and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this clause (ii).

4.1.5. Each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities pursuant to
either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption
therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Resale Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan
of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities
as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2. Furnishing of Information;
Public Information.

4.2.1. Until no
Purchaser owns any Securities, the Company covenants to maintain the effectiveness of the registration of the Common Stock under Section
12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to use reasonable best efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file
within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act
even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.2.2. At any time
during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the Securities
may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation
pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c)
or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to
satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure) then, in addition to such
Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a
penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities, an amount in cash equal to two percent (2.0%)
of the aggregate Subscription Amount of such Purchasers Securities on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth
(30th) day (prorated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information
Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the Purchasers to transfer the Shares pursuant
to Rule 144. The payments to which a Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.2.2 are referred to herein as Public
Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the
calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day after the event
or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information
Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated
for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Public
Information Failure, and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

21

4.3. Integration. The
Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes
of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other
transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4. Securities Laws Disclosure;
Publicity. The Company shall by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated
hereby and file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission. From and after
the filing of such Form 8-K, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information
delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees
or agents (including, without limitation, the Placement Agent) in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
In addition, effective upon the filing of such Form 8-K, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar
obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers,
directors, agents (including, without limitation, the Placement Agent), employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers
or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms
that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and
each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby,
and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the
prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with
respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is
required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement
or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name
of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such
Purchaser, except (a) to the extent required by federal securities law in connection with (i) any Resale Registration Statement contemplated
by this Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement and (ii) the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b)
to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which such cases the Company shall (x) obtain prior
advice of competent counsel that such disclosure is required, (y) provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted
under this Section 4.4 and (z) reasonably cooperate with such Purchasers regarding such disclosure.

4.5. Shareholder Rights Plan.
No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser is an Acquiring
Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights
agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be
deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or
under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

22

4.6. Non-Public Information.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be
disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide
any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material
non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information and agreed
in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries,
or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser
without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality
to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the
basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that
any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant to
a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7. Use of Proceeds.
The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for general corporate purposes (which for the avoidance
of doubt may include acquisitions, in the Companys discretion), including working capital. The Company shall not use such proceeds:
(a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Senior Indebtedness (as defined
in the Note) and Permitted Indebtedness (as defined in the Note)) (other than the payment of $250,000 to a current debt holder as disclosed
prior to the date hereof to the Purchaser and trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices),
(b) for the redemption of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation
or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

23

4.8. Indemnification of Purchasers.
Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders,
members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other
Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of
such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations,
claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys
fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any
of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents,
(b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity (including a Purchaser Partys status as an investor), or
any of them or their respective Affiliates, by the Company or any shareholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser
Party, arising out of or relating to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, the
indemnification provided herein is intended to, and shall also cover, direct claims brought by the Company against the Purchaser Parties;
provided, however, that such indemnification shall not cover any loss, claim, damage or liability to the extent it is finally judicially
determined to be attributable to such Purchaser Partys material breach of any of the representations, warranties or covenants made
by such Purchaser Party in any Transaction Document or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute
fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct) or (c) in connection with any Resale Registration Statement of the Company providing for
the resale by the Purchasers of the Shares, the Company will indemnify each Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys
fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in such Resale Registration Statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary
prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon
information regarding such Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company by such Purchaser Party expressly for use therein, or (ii)
any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or
regulation thereunder in connection therewith). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity
may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, except with respect
to direct claims brought by the Company, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing
reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and
participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to
the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after
a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of
counsel to the applicable Purchaser Party (which may be internal counsel), a material conflict on any material issue between the position
of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses
of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement for any settlement
by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
In addition, if any Purchaser Party takes actions to collect amounts due under any Transaction Documents or to enforce the provisions
of any Transaction Documents, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by such Purchaser Party for such collection, enforcement or
action, including, but not limited to, attorneys fees and disbursements. The indemnification and other payment obligations required
by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation, defense, collection,
enforcement or action, as and when bills are received or are incurred; provided, however, that if any Purchaser Party is finally judicially
determined not to be entitled to indemnification or payment under this Section 4.8, such Purchaser Party shall promptly reimburse the
Company for any payments that are advanced under this sentence. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any
cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to
pursuant to law.

24

4.9. Equal Treatment of Purchasers.
No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to
a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the parties
to the Transaction Documents. The Company shall not make any payment of principal or interest on the Notes in amounts which are disproportionate
to the respective principal amounts outstanding on the Notes at any applicable time. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes
a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company
to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect
to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.10. Certain Transactions and
Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate
acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the
Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial Form 8-K as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial Form 8-K as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality
of the existence and terms of this transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement
to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby
that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial Form 8-K as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted
or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and
after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial Form 8-K as described
in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates after the issuance
of the initial Form 8-K as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers
assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made
the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

25

4.11. Form D; Blue Sky Filings.
The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof,
promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order
to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue
Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

4.12. Acknowledgment of Dilution.
The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, which dilution
may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under the Transaction Documents,
including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are unconditional and absolute
and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim
the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other
shareholders of the Company.

4.13. Lock-Up Agreements.
The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements (and any lock-up agreements contemplated
in the Lock-Up Agreements) except to extend the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement
(and any lock-up agreements contemplated in the Lock-Up Agreements) in accordance with its terms. If any party to a Lock-Up Agreement
(and any lock-up agreements contemplated in the Lock-Up Agreements) breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly
use its best efforts to seek specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement (and any lock-up agreements contemplated in the
Lock-Up Agreements).

4.14. Registration Rights Agreement.
On the date hereof, the Company shall enter into the Registration Rights Agreement and shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any
provision of the Registration Rights Agreement, except pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement.

4.15. QEF Election. If
a Purchaser so requests in writing for any taxable year of the Company, the Company, after consulting with its outside accounting firm,
shall within fifteen (15) Business Days notify such Purchaser in writing that either (A) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
was a passive foreign investment company as defined in Section 1297 of the Code (PFIC) for such
year, or (B) the Company and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries was a PFIC for such year, in which event the Company shall provide to
such Purchaser, upon the reasonable written request of such Purchaser, the information reasonably necessary to allow such Purchaser to
elect to treat each of the Company and any applicable Subsidiaries (if any), respectively, as a qualified electing fund
(within the meaning of Section 1295 of the Code for such year, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement as described
in Treasury Regulation Section 1.1295-1(g)(1) (or any successor Treasury Regulation).

4.16. Reservation of Common Stock.
As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive
rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

26

4.17. Security.

4.17.1. Security.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Notes are unsecured obligations, and the Purchasers shall not have any lien, security interest,
or other encumbrance on any assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries in connection with the Notes.

4.18 Participation in Future Financing.

4.18.1. From the
date hereof until the date that is the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Closing Date, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents for cash consideration, Indebtedness or a combination of units thereof (a Subsequent
Financing), each Purchaser shall have the right to participate in up to an amount of the Subsequent Financing equal to 30%
of the Subsequent Financing (the Participation Maximum) on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the
Subsequent Financing. 

4.18.2. Between
the time period of 4:00 pm (New York City time) and 6:00 pm (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately prior to the Trading Day
of the expected announcement of the Subsequent Financing (or, if the Trading Day of the expected announcement of the Subsequent Financing
is the first Trading Day following a holiday or a weekend (including a holiday weekend), between the time period of 4:00 pm (New York
City time) on the Trading Day immediately prior to such holiday or weekend and 2:00 pm (New York City time) on the day immediately prior
to the Trading Day of the expected announcement of the Subsequent Financing), the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser a written notice
of the Companys intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (a Subsequent Financing Notice), which notice shall
describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder
and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected and shall include a term sheet and
transaction documents relating thereto as an attachment.

4.18.3. Any
Purchaser desiring to participate in such Subsequent Financing must provide written notice to the Company by 6:30 am (New York City
time) on the Trading Day following the date on which the Subsequent Financing Notice is delivered to such Purchaser (the
Notice Termination Time) that such Purchaser is willing to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the amount
of such Purchasers participation, and representing and warranting that such Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and
available for investment on the terms set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice. If the Company receives no such notice from a
Purchaser as of such Notice Termination Time, such Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to
participate in such Subsequent Financing.

4.18.4.If, by the Notice Termination Time, notifications by the Purchasers of their willingness to participate in the Subsequent Financing
(or to cause their designees to participate) is, in the aggregate, less than the total amount of the Subsequent Financing, then the Company
may effect the remaining portion of such Subsequent Financing on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Financing
Notice.

4.18.5.If, by the Notice Termination Time, the Company receives responses to a Subsequent Financing Notice from Purchasers seeking to
purchase more than the aggregate amount of the Participation Maximum, each such Purchaser shall have the right to purchase its Pro Rata
Portion (as defined below) of the Participation Maximum.Pro Rata Portion means the ratio of (x) the Subscription
Amount of Securities purchased on the Closing Date by a Purchaser participating under this Section 4.18 and (y) the sum of the aggregate
Subscription Amounts of Securities purchased on the Closing Date by all Purchasers participating under this Section 4.18.

4.18.6.The Company must provide the Purchasers with a second Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Purchasers will again have the right
of participation set forth above in this Section 4.18, if the definitive agreement related to the initial Subsequent Financing Notice
is not entered into for any reason on the terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within two (2) Trading Days after the date
of delivery of the initial Subsequent Financing Notice.

27

4.18.7.The Company and each Purchaser agree that, if any Purchaser elects to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the transaction
documents related to the Subsequent Financing shall not include any term or provision that, directly or indirectly, will, or is intended
to, exclude one or more of the Purchasers from participating in a Subsequent Financing, including, but not limited to, provisions whereby
such Purchaser shall be required to agree to any restrictions on trading as to any securities of the Company or be required to consent
to any amendment to or termination of, or grant any waiver, release or the like under or in connection with, this Agreement, without the
prior written consent of such Purchaser. In addition, the Company and each Purchaser agree that, in connection with a Subsequent Financing,
the transaction documents related to the Subsequent Financing shall include a requirement for the Company to issue a widely disseminated
press release by 9:30 am (New York City time) on the Trading Day of execution of the transaction documents in such Subsequent Financing
(or, if the date of execution is not a Trading Day, on the immediately following Trading Day) that discloses the material terms of the
transactions contemplated by the transaction documents in such Subsequent Financing.

4.18.8.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.18 and unless otherwise agreed to by such Purchaser, the Company shall
either confirm in writing to such Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been abandoned or shall
publicly disclose its intention to issue the securities in the Subsequent Financing, in either case in such a manner such that such Purchaser
will not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by 9:30 am (New York City time) on the second (2nd) Trading Day following
date of delivery of the Subsequent Financing Notice. If by 9:30 am (New York City time) on such second (2nd) Trading Day, no public disclosure
regarding a transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction
has been received by such Purchaser, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned and such Purchaser shall not be deemed to
be in possession of any material, non-public information with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

4.18.9.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary pursuant to a Purchasers (and its Affiliates) rights to its Participation Maximum
pursuant to this Section 4.18, if the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to a Purchaser (and its Affiliates) pursuant to any proposed
Subsequent Financing, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Purchaser (and its Affiliates)
at such time of such Subsequent Financing, would result in such Purchaser (and its Affiliates) beneficially owning (as determined in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) in excess of 4.99% (or 9.99% at the election of the Purchaser) of the then issued and outstanding
Common Stock outstanding at the closing of the Subsequent Financing (the Beneficial Ownership Maximum), then in lieu
of receiving shares of Common Stock in a Subsequent Financing that would result in such Purchaser (and its Affiliates) exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Maximum, such Purchaser (and its Affiliates) shall receive Common Stock Equivalents (such as pre-funded Common Stock purchase
warrants) with a beneficial ownership blocker in the form of Section 2(e) of the Warrants, mutatis mutandis, in order for such Purchaser
(and its Affiliates) to maintain a beneficial ownership at or below the Beneficial Ownership Maximum.

4.18.10.Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.18 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance. Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or
option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members
of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) warrants to the Placement
Agent in connection with the transactions pursuant to this Agreement and any securities upon exercise of warrants to the Placement Agent,
securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have
not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such
securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no
registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the period from the
Closing Date until 90 days after the Closing Date, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders
of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with
the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not
include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary
business is investing in securities.

28

4.19.Escrow Agent Instructions. The Company and each Purchaser acknowledge and agree that the aggregate Subscription Amount
shall be disbursed from the escrow account to the Company, or to the Purchaser, as the case may be, in accordance with the terms of the
Escrow Agent Instruction Letter. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of all of the Purchasers party hereto, amend,
modify or waive any provision of the Escrow Agent Instruction Letter.

5. Miscellaneous

5.1. Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2. Fees and Expenses.
Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers,
counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation,
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any
fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser),
stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3. Entire Agreement.
The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such
matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4. Notices. Any and
all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email
address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next
Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address as set forth on
the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day,
(c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided
pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5. Amendments; Waivers.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of
an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Securities based on the initial Subscription
Amounts hereunder (or, prior to Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement
of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts
a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers) shall also be
required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing
waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall
any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment
or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable
rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment
effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

29

5.6. Headings. The headings
herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions
hereof.

5.7. Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may
not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger).
Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities,
provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction
Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8. No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 3.1 and the representations
and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except
as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9. Governing Law. All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the law of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in
the City and County of New York for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives,
and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court,
that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and
agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be
deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding
to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing
party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other
costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10. Survival. The representations
and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11. Execution. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

30

5.12. Severability. If
any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void
or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect
and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find
and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant
or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13. Rescission and Withdrawal
Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other
Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company
does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its
sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without
prejudice to its future actions and rights .

5.14. Replacement of Securities.
If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to
be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor,
a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction.
The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including
customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15. Remedies. In addition
to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and
the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not
be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.16. Payment Set Aside.
To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces
or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are
subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded,
repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation
or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not
been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

31

5.17. Independent Nature of Purchasers
Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations
of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of
any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken
by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture
or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to
such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect
and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents,
and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser
has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative
convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through the legal counsel to the
Placement Agent. The legal counsel of the Placement Agent does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent.
The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and
not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision
contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the
Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18. Liquidated Damages.
The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing
obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding
the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall
have been canceled.

5.19. Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays,
etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall
not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.20. Construction. The
parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE
PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

[ALCE Securities Purchase Agreement
Signature Pages Follows]

32

[ALCE Securities Purchase Agreement Company Signature Page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

ALTERNUS CLEAN ENERGY, INC. Address for Notice:

By: Email: vb@alternusenergy.com

Name: Vincent Browne 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

33

[ALCE Securities Purchase Agreement 
Investor Signature Page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized signatory as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Purchaser:________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory
of Purchaser: ________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:
________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory:
________________________________

Email Address of Authorized
Signatory: ________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:
________________________________

Address for Delivery of Securities
to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription Amount: ________________________________

Shares: ________________________________

Employer Identification Number:
________________________________

34

Exhibit 1.22

Escrow Agent Instruction Letter

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

To whom it may concern:

In accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement dated as of January
21, 2025 (the Escrow Agreement), by and among Alternus Clean Energy, Inc. (the Company), Maxim Group LLC and
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Escrow Agent), the undersigned hereby instruct the Escrow Agent to make
the disbursements as set forth in the flow of funds (the Flow of Funds) included in the Escrow Agreement from the Escrow
Account (as that term is defined by the Escrow Agreement) as follows: (1) On the Closing Date (as such term is defined in the Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated January 21, 2025, by and between the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto, the SPA), $580,000
in aggregate proceeds shall be distributed in accordance with the Flow of Funds and (2) if at all, on the date that is the later of (i)
the filing date of the Resale Registration Statement (as defined in the SPA) and (ii) the date on which the Company receives a written
communication from the Nasdaq Stock Market that Nasdaq has granted the Company an extension to meet the continued listing requirements
of the Nasdaq Capital Market, $1,670,000 in aggregate proceeds shall be distributed in accordance with the Flow of Funds, it being understood
that if (2) has not occurred within 60 days of the Closing Date (as defined in the SPA), the Escrow Agent shall disburse the funds back
to the Purchasers against cancellation of the proportional principal amount of such Note as described in the Flow of Funds.

ALTERNUS CLEAN ENERGY, INC.

By: 

Name: Vincent Browne

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Name of Purchaser:

Signature of 

Authorized 

Person 

Name: 

35

Exhibit 1.34

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

36

Exhibit 1.48

Form of Registration Rights Agreement

37
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022862301ex10-2_alternus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement)
is made and entered into as of January 21, 2025, between Alternus Clean Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and each of the several purchasers signatory hereto (each such purchaser, a Purchaser and, collectively, the
Purchasers).

This Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and each Purchaser (the Purchase Agreement).

The Company and each Purchaser
hereby agrees as follows:

1. Definitions. Capitalized terms
used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the Purchase
Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

1.1. Advice shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.2.

1.2. Effectiveness Date
means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, forty-five (45) calendar days following the
Filing Date (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, sixty (60) calendar days following the Filing Date) and with respect
to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2.3 or Section 3.3, thirty (30) calendar days following
the date on which an additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission,
sixty (60) calendar days following the date such additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder); provided,
however, that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that one or more of the above Registration Statements will
not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall
be the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required
above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the
next succeeding Trading Day.

1.3. Effectiveness Period
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

1.4. Event shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.

1.5. Event Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.

1.6. Filing Date
means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, thirty (30) calendar days after the Closing Date, and with
respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2.3 or Section 3.3, the earliest practical
date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related to the Registrable Securities.

1.7. Holder or
Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

1.8. Indemnified Party
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.

1.9. Indemnifying Party
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.

1.10. Initial Registration Statement
means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement.

1.11. Losses shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.

1

1.12. Plan of Distribution
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

1.13. Prospectus
means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously
omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of
any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus,
including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

1.14. Registrable Securities
means, as of any date of determination, (a) all Shares held by the Purchasers and (b) any securities issued or then issuable upon any
share split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing; provided, however,
that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness
of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement with respect
to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities
have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities have been
previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (c) such securities become eligible for resale without the requirement for the Company
to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144 (if such requirement is applicable) as set forth in
a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (assuming
that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities
were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any Affiliate of the Company, as reasonably determined by the Company, upon the advice
of counsel to the Company.

1.15. Registration Statement
means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2.1 and any additional registration statements contemplated
by Section 2.3 or Section 3.3, including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such registration statement
or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed
to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement.

1.16. Rule 415
means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

1.17. Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

1.18. Selling Shareholder Questionnaire
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

1.19. SEC Guidance
means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements or requests of the Commission
staff and (ii) the Securities Act.

2

2. Registration Statement.

2.1. On or prior to each Filing Date,
the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities
that are not then registered on an effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule
415. Each Registration Statement filed hereunder shall be on Form S-1 (or Form S-3 to the extent the Company is eligible to use such registration
statement form, subject to the provisions of Section 2.5) and shall contain (unless otherwise directed by at least 85% in interest of
the Holders) substantially the Plan of Distribution attached hereto as Annex 2.1.1 and substantially the Selling
Shareholders section attached hereto as Annex 2.1.2; provided, however, that no Holder shall be required
to be named as an underwriter without such Holders express prior written consent. Subject to the terms of this Agreement,
the Company shall use its best efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed under this Agreement (including, without limitation, under
Section 3.3) to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but in any event no later
than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its best efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under
the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been sold, thereunder
or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement
for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144 (to the extent applicable), as determined
by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and
the affected Holders (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall telephonically request effectiveness of
a Registration Statement as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders via facsimile
or by e-mail of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness
with the Commission, which shall be the date requested for effectiveness of such Registration Statement. The Company shall, by 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) on the Trading Day after the effective date of such Registration Statement, file a final Prospectus with the Commission
as required by Rule 424. Failure to so notify the Holder within one (1) Trading Day of such notification of effectiveness or failure to
file a final Prospectus as foresaid shall be deemed an Event under Section 2.4.

2.2. Notwithstanding the registration
obligations set forth in Section 2.1, if the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result
of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees
to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration
Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Commission,
on Form S-1 (or Form S-3 to the extent the Company is eligible to use such registration statement form) or such other form available to
register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering, subject to the provisions of Section 2.5; with respect to filing
on Form S-1 (or Form S-3 to the extent the Company is eligible to use such registration statement form) or other appropriate form, and
subject to the provisions of Section 2.4 with respect to the payment of liquidated damages; provided, however, that prior
to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration
of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation
612.09.

2.3. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement and subject to the payment of liquidated damages pursuant to Section 2.4, if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets
forth a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary
offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a
greater portion of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number
of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as follows:

2.3.1. First, the
Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included other than Registrable Securities; and

2.3.2. Second, the
Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Common Stock (applied, in the case that some Common Stock may be registered,
to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Common Stock held by such Holders).

In the event of a limitation on the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock of the Company permitted to be registered by the staff of the Commission, the Company shall give
the Holder at least five (5) Trading Days prior written notice along with the calculations as to such Holders allotment. In the
event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its best efforts to
file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities
in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-1 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities
that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended.

3

2.4. If: (i) the Initial Registration
Statement is not filed on or prior to its Filing Date (if the Company files the Initial Registration Statement without affording the Holders
the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section 3.1 herein or the Company subsequently withdraws the filing of
the Registration Statement, the Company shall be deemed to have not satisfied this clause (i) as of the Filing Date,) or (ii) the Company
fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the
Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, within five Trading Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever
is earlier) by the Commission that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review,
or (iii) prior to the effective date of a Registration Statement, the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond
in writing to comments made by the Commission in respect of such Registration Statement within ten (10) calendar days after the receipt
of comments by or notice from the Commission that such amendment is required in order for such Registration Statement to be declared effective,
or (iv) a Registration Statement registering for resale all of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the Commission
by the Effectiveness Date of the Initial Registration Statement (provided if the Registration Statement does not allow for the resale
of Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices (i.e., only allows for fixed price sales), the Company shall have been deemed to
have not satisfied this clause), or (v) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any
reason to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders are otherwise
not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days
or more than an aggregate of fifteen (15) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any
such failure or breach being referred to as an Event, and for purposes of clauses (i) and (iv), the date on
which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose
of clause (iii) the date which such ten (10) calendar day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (v) the date on which such ten
(10) or fifteen (15) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded being referred to as Event Date), then,
in addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary
of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company
shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 2.0% multiplied
by the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated
damages pursuant to this Section 2.4 in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate
of 15% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing daily from the
date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated
damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event.

2.5. If Form S-1 is not available for
the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities
on another appropriate form and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-1 as soon as such form is available, provided
that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration Statement
on Form S-1 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission.

2.6. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Holder or affiliate of a Holder as any Underwriter without
the prior written consent of such Holder.

4

3. Registration Procedures. In connection
with the Companys registration obligations hereunder:

3.1. Not less than five (5) Trading
Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to the filing of any related Prospectus
or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference),
the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of such Holders, and (ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel
and independent registered public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective
counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Company shall not file a Registration
Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities
shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing no later than five (5) Trading
Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of a Registration Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the Holders have been so
furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or supplements thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed
questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex 3.1 (a Selling Shareholder Questionnaire)
on a date that is not less than two (2) Trading Days prior to the Filing Date or by the end of the fourth (4th)
Trading Day following the date on which such Holder receives draft materials in accordance with this Section.

3.2. The Company shall (i) Prepare and
file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in
connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable Securities
for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to register for
resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by
any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration
Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably possible to the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence
from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall excise any information contained therein
which would constitute material non-public information regarding the Company), and (iv) comply in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration
Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement) with the intended methods of disposition
by the Holders thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as so supplemented.

3.3. If during the Effectiveness Period,
the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock then registered in a Registration
Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case prior to the applicable Filing Date, an additional
Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number of such Registrable Securities.

3.4. The Company shall notify the Holders
of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied by an instruction
to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible (and, in the case
of (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in
writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment
to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review
of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to
a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission or
any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional
information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending
the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for
that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption
from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding
for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration
Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement,
Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending
corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company,
makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus; provided,
however, that in no event shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and the Company agrees that the Holders shall not have any duty of confidentiality to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and shall not have any duty to the Company not to trade on the basis of such information.

5

3.5. The Company shall use its best
efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending the effectiveness of a
Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities
for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

3.6. The Company shall furnish to each
Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including financial
statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested by such
Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly
after the filing of such documents with the Commission, provided that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or successor
thereto) need not be furnished in physical form.

3.7. Subject to the terms of this Agreement,
the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection
with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, except after
the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3.4.

3.8. Prior to any resale of Registrable
Securities by a Holder, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling
Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the Registration or qualification) of such Registrable
Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any Holder
reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the Effectiveness
Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable
Securities covered by each Registration Statement, provided that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business
in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not
then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

3.9. If requested by a Holder, the Company
shall cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities
to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted by the
Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in
such names as any such Holder may request.

3.10. Upon the occurrence of any event
contemplated by Section 3.4, as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into account the Companys good faith
assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its shareholders of the premature disclosure of such event, the Company shall
prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus
or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so that, as thereafter
delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3.4 above to suspend
the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus.
The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company
shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3.10 to suspend the availability of a Registration Statement and Prospectus,
subject to the payment of partial liquidated damages otherwise required pursuant to Section 2.4, for a period not to exceed 60 calendar
days (which need not be consecutive days) in any 12-month period.

6

3.11. The Company shall otherwise use
commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final Prospectus, including any supplement or
amendment thereof, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Holders in writing if, at any
time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the
Holders are required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions
as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder.

3.12. The Company shall use its best
efforts to maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3 (or any successor form thereto) for the registration of the resale of Registrable
Securities.

3.13. The Company may require each selling
Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and,
if required by the Commission, the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control over the Common Stock. During any
periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities solely
because any Holder fails to furnish such information within three Trading Days of the Companys request, any liquidated damages
that are accruing at such time as to such Holder only shall be tolled and any Event that may otherwise occur solely because of such delay
shall be suspended as to such Holder only, until such information is delivered to the Company.

4. Registration Expenses. All fees
and expenses incident to the performance of, or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or
not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence
shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Companys
counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the Commission, (B) with respect to filings
required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, and (C) in compliance with applicable
state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements
of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities), (ii) printing expenses
(including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities), (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery
expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such
insurance to be purchased at the sole discretion of the Company, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company
in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible
for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including,
without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any
annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange
as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any Holder or, except to
the extent provided for in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holders.

7

5. Indemnification.

5.1. Indemnification by the Company.
The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the officers, directors,
members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities as principal as a result of a pledge or
any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally
equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each Person
who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers,
directors, members, shareholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1)
any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus
or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission
of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement
thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company
of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance
of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are
based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to
the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities
and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in
any amendment or supplement thereto (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex 2.1.1 hereto for this purpose) or (ii) in
the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3.4(iii)-(vi), the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective
or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or
otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6.2. The Company
shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation
made by or on behalf of such indemnified person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holders in
accordance with Section 6.7.

5.2. Indemnification by Holders.
Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents and employees,
each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and
the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and
against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus,
or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made)
not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information so furnished
in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such Prospectus or (ii) to the extent,
but only to the extent, that such information relates to such Holders information provided by such Holder in the Selling Shareholder
Questionnaire or the proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such
Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex 2.1.1 hereto for this purpose),
such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of a selling Holder be greater in amount than
the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and
the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such
Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

8

5.3. Conduct of Indemnification
Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an Indemnified
Party), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying
Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including the employment
of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense
thereof, provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations
or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have materially and adversely prejudiced
the Indemnifying Party.

An Indemnified
Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and
expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in
writing to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding
and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to any such Proceeding
(including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to the Indemnified Party
shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified
Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to
employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense
thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party).
The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party,
effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes
an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding.

Subject to the
terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the extent
incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section) shall
be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party, provided that
the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such actions
for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal
or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder.

5.4. Contribution. If
the indemnification under Section 5.1 or 5.2 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless
for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements
or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying
Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates
to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to
information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result
of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys or other
fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such
fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in accordance with its terms.

The parties
hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5.4 were determined by pro rata allocation
or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding
paragraph. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a Holder of Registrable Securities be greater in amount than the dollar amount
of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the amount of any
damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission)
received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

9

The indemnity
and contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified
Parties.

6. Miscellaneous. 

6.1. Remedies. In the
event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the Company,
as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of
damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and each Holder agrees that
monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions
of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall
not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

6.2. Discontinued Disposition.
By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of
any event of the kind described in Section 3.4(iii) through (vi), such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable
Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the Advice) by the Company that
the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will use its best efforts
to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company agrees and acknowledges that any periods
during which the Holder is required to discontinue the disposition of the Registrable Securities hereunder shall be subject to the provisions
of Section 2.4.

6.3. Piggyback Registrations.
If, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, there is not an effective Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable Securities
and the Company shall determine to prepare and file with the Commission a registration statement relating to an offering for its own account
or the account of others under the Securities Act of any of its equity securities, other than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as promulgated
under the Securities Act) or their then equivalents relating to equity securities to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition
of any entity or business or equity securities issuable in connection with the Companys stock option or other employee benefit
plans, then the Company shall deliver to each Holder a written notice of such determination and, if within fifteen days after the date
of the delivery of such notice, any such Holder shall so request in writing, the Company shall include in such registration statement
all or any part of such Registrable Securities such Holder requests to be registered; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be required to register any Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 6.4 that are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule
144 (without volume restrictions and provided the Company is in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule
144) promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act or that are the subject of a then effective Registration Statement that
is available for resales or other dispositions by such Holder.

6.3.1. No
Piggyback on Registrations; Prohibition on Filing Other Registration Statements. Neither the Company nor any of its security holders
(other than the Holders in such capacity pursuant hereto) may include securities of the Company in any Registration Statements other than
the Registrable Securities and the Excluded Offering Securities. Other than a registration statement registering the sale of the Excluded
Offering Securities, the Company shall not file any other registration statements until all Registrable Securities are registered pursuant
to a Registration Statement that is declared effective by the Commission, provided that this Section 6.4.1 shall not prohibit the Company
from filing amendments to registration statements filed prior to the date of this Agreement. For purposes of this Section 6.3.1, Excluded
Offering Securities shall mean any securities offered by the Company in a primary offering on Form S-1 for gross proceeds of up
to $30 million.

10

6.4. Amendments and Waivers.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers
or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company and
the Holders of 50.1% or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (for purposes of clarification, this includes any Registrable
Securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of any Security); provided that no such amendment, action or omission that adversely affects,
alters or changes the interests of any Holder in a manner disproportionate to the other Holders shall be effective against such Holder
without the prior written consent of such Holder. If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities pursuant
to a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities to be registered for
each Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable Securities
shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof
with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not directly or indirectly affect
the rights of other Holders may be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent
relates; provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented except in
accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6.5. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend
or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the
parties to this Agreement.

6.5. Notices. Any and
all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered as set forth in the
Purchase Agreement.

6.6. Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties and shall
inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior
written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign their respective rights hereunder
in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under the Purchase Agreement.

6.7. No Inconsistent Agreements.
The Company has not entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement
with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise
conflicts with the provisions hereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 6.8, the Company has not previously entered into any agreement
granting any registration rights with respect to any of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full.

6.8. Execution and Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that
both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

6.9. Governing Law. All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with
the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

6.10. Cumulative Remedies.
The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

11

6.11. Severability. If
any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void
or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect
and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find
and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant
or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

6.12. Headings. The headings
in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of
the provisions hereof.

6.13. Independent Nature of Holders
Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Holder
hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Holder hereunder. Nothing
contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or
thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity,
or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to such obligations or
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Holders are not acting in
concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or transactions. Each Holder
shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall
not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of a single agreement
with respect to the obligations of the Company contained was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or decision of any Holder,
and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Holder. It is expressly
understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Holder, solely, and not between the
Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders.

6.14. Acknowledgment of Risk Related
to Delisting. Each Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it has reviewed the Companys publicly available filings with
the Commission, including disclosures related to the potential delisting of the Companys securities from The Nasdaq Capital Market.
Each Purchaser further acknowledges that such delisting may adversely affect the liquidity and marketability of the Registrable Securities,
and confirms that it is entering into this Agreement with full awareness of such risks.

[ALCE Registration Rights Agreement Signature
Pages Follow]

12

[ALCE Registration Rights Agreement 
Company Signature Page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

ALTERNUS CLEAN ENERGY, INC.

By: 

Name: Vincent Browne 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

13

[ALCE Registration Rights Agreement 
Holder Signature Page]

Name of Holder: ______________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder: _______________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________

14

Annex 2.1.1

Plan of Distribution

Each Selling Shareholder (the Selling
Shareholders) of the securities and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell
any or all of their securities covered hereby on the principal Trading Market or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility
on which the securities are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. A Selling Shareholder
may use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities:

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position
and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;

an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately negotiated transactions;

settlement of short sales;

in transactions through broker-dealers that agree with the Selling Shareholders to sell a specified number
of such securities at a stipulated price per security;

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options
exchange or otherwise;

a combination of any such methods of sale; or

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

The Selling Shareholders may also sell securities
under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
if available, rather than under this prospectus.

Broker-dealers engaged by the Selling Shareholders
may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Shareholders
(or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except
as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a customary brokerage commission
in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121.

Annex 2.1.1-1

In connection with the sale of the securities
or interests therein, the Selling Shareholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions,
which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling Shareholders
may also sell securities short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the securities to broker-dealers
that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Shareholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers
or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other
financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution may
resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

The Selling Shareholders and any broker-dealers
or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities
Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale
of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Each Selling Shareholder
has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any person
to distribute the securities.

The Company is required to pay certain fees and
expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the securities. The Company has agreed to indemnify the Selling Shareholders
against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.

We agreed to keep this prospectus effective until
the earlier of (i) the date on which the securities may be resold by the Selling Shareholders without registration and without regard
to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the
current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) all of the securities have
been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. The resale securities
will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable state securities laws. In addition, in
certain states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the applicable
state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is complied with.

Under applicable rules and regulations under the
Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously engage in market making activities
with respect to the Common Stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement of the distribution.
In addition, the Selling Shareholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder,
including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the Common Stock by the Selling Shareholders or any other
person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Shareholders and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy
of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

Annex 2.1.1-2

Annex 2.1.2

SELLING SHAREHOLDERS

The shares of Common Stock being offered by the
selling shareholders are those previously issued to the selling shareholders. In accordance with the terms of a registration rights agreement
with the selling shareholders, this prospectus generally covers the resale of the shares of Common Stock issued to the selling shareholders
in the Private Placement of Shares of Common Stock described above. We are registering the shares of Common Stock in order
to permit the selling shareholders to offer the shares of Common Stock for resale from time to time. Except for the ownership of the shares
of Common Stock, the selling shareholders have not had any material relationship with us within the past three years.

The table below lists the selling shareholders
and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock by each of the selling shareholders. The second
column lists the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by each selling shareholder based on its ownership of the shares
of Common Stock as of [], 2025. The third column lists the shares of Common Stock being offered by the selling shareholders pursuant
to this prospectus. The fourth column assumes the sale of all of the shares of Common Stock offered by the selling shareholders pursuant
to this prospectus.

The selling shareholders may sell all, some or
none of their shares of Common Stock in this offering. See Plan of Distribution.

Name of Selling Shareholder 

Number of Shares

of Common Stock

Owned Prior to

Offering Maximum Number of

Shares of Common 

Stock to be Sold 

Pursuant to this 

Prospectus Number of Shares

of Common Stock

Owned After

Offering

Annex 2.1.2-1

Annex 3.1

ALTERNUS CLEAN ENERGY, INC.

Selling Shareholder Notice and Questionnaire

The undersigned beneficial owner of shares of
Common Stock (the Registrable Securities) of Alternus Clean Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement (the Registration Statement) for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with
the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) to which this document
is annexed. A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. All
capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Certain legal consequences arise from being named
as a selling shareholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable
Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences of being named or not being named as a selling
shareholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

NOTICE

The undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling
Shareholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned by it in the Registration
Statement.

The undersigned hereby provides
the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name.

(a) Full Legal Name of Selling Shareholder

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held:

(c) Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

Annex 3.1-1

2. Address for Notices to Selling Shareholder:

Telephone:

Email:

Contact Person:

3. Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) Are you a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(b) If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company?

Yes No 

Note: If no to Section 3(b), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(c) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(d) If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes No 

Note: If no to Section 3(d), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the
Company Owned by the Selling Shareholder.

Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the securities issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(a) Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Selling Shareholder:

Annex 3.1-2

5. Relationships with the Company:

Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here:

The undersigned agrees to
promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the
date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall not be required to notify
the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates.

By signing below, the undersigned
consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information
in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such
information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related
prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned,
by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized
agent.

Date: Beneficial Owner: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND
EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO [__], WITH A COPY TO BSKLAR@SRFC.LAW. 

Annex 3.1-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea022862301ex10-3_alternus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

January [], 2025

Re: Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January [], 2025 (the Purchase Agreement),
between Alternus Clean Energy, Inc. (the Company) and the purchasers signatory thereto (each, a Purchaser
and, collectively, the Purchasers)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Defined terms not
otherwise defined in this letter agreement (the Letter Agreement) shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase
Agreement. Pursuant to Section 2.2.1 of the Purchase Agreement and in satisfaction of a condition of the Companys obligations under
the Purchase Agreement, the undersigned irrevocably agrees with the Company that, from the date hereof until 30 days after the Resale
Effective Date (such period, the Restriction Period) the undersigned will not offer, sell, contract to sell, hypothecate,
pledge or otherwise dispose of (or enter into any transaction which is designed to, or might reasonably be expected to, result in the
disposition (whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or otherwise) by the undersigned or
any Affiliate of the undersigned or any person in privity with the undersigned or any Affiliate of the undersigned), directly or indirectly,
or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), with respect to, any shares of Common Stock
of the Company or securities convertible, exchangeable or exercisable into, shares of Common Stock of the Company beneficially owned,
held or hereafter acquired by the undersigned (the Securities). Beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may transfer the Securities provided that (1) the Company receives
a signed lock-up letter agreement (in the form of this Letter Agreement) for the balance of the Restriction Period from each donee, trustee,
distributee, or transferee, as the case may be, prior to such transfer, (2) any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for
value, (3) such transfer is not required to be reported with the Securities and Exchange Commission in accordance with the Exchange
Act and no report of such transfer shall be made voluntarily, and (4) neither the undersigned nor any donee, trustee, distributee
or transferee, as the case may be, otherwise voluntarily effects any public filing or report regarding such transfers, with respect to
transfer:

i) as a bona fide gift or gifts;

ii) to any immediate family member or to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned (for purposes of this Letter Agreement, immediate family shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin);

iii) to any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other business entity all of the equity holders of which consist of the undersigned and/or the immediate family of the undersigned;

iv) if the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity (a) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity that is an Affiliate of the undersigned or (b) in the form of a distribution to limited partners, limited liability company members or stockholders of the undersigned;

v) if the undersigned is a trust, to the beneficiary of such trust; or

vi) by will, other testamentary document or intestate succession to the legal representative, heir, beneficiary or a member of the immediate family of the undersigned.

In addition, notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Letter Agreement shall not restrict the delivery of shares of Common Stock to the undersigned upon (i) exercise any
options granted under any employee benefit plan of the Company; provided that any shares of Common Stock or Securities acquired in connection
with any such exercise will be subject to the restrictions set forth in this Letter Agreement, or (ii) the exercise of warrants; provided
that such shares of Common Stock delivered to the undersigned in connection with such exercise are subject to the restrictions set forth
in this Letter Agreement.

Furthermore, the
undersigned may enter into any new plan established in compliance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act; provided that (i) such plan may
only be established if no public announcement or filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or other applicable regulatory authority,
is made in connection with the establishment of such plan during the Restriction Period and (ii) no sale of shares of Common Stock are
made pursuant to such plan during the Restriction Period.

The undersigned
acknowledges that the execution, delivery and performance of this Letter Agreement is a material inducement to the Company to complete
the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the Company shall be entitled to specific performance of the undersigneds
obligations hereunder. The undersigned hereby represents that the undersigned has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform
this Letter Agreement, that the undersigned has received adequate consideration therefor and that the undersigned will indirectly benefit
from the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement.

This Letter Agreement may
not be amended or otherwise modified in any respect without the written consent of each of the Company and the undersigned. This Letter
Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflict
of laws. The undersigned hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court sitting in the Southern
District of New York and the courts of the State of New York located in Manhattan, for the purposes of any suit, action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Letter Agreement, and hereby waives, and agrees not to assert in any such suit, action or proceeding,
any claim that (i) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such court, (ii) the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an
inconvenient forum, or (iii) the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. The undersigned hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by receiving a copy thereof sent to the
Company at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. The undersigned hereby waives any right to a trial by jury. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. The undersigned agrees and understands
that this Letter Agreement does not intend to create any relationship between the undersigned and any Purchaser and that no Purchaser
is entitled to cast any votes on the matters herein contemplated and that no issuance or sale of the Securities is created or intended
by virtue of this Letter Agreement.

This Letter Agreement shall
be binding on successors and assigns of the undersigned with respect to the Securities and any such successor or assign shall enter into
a similar agreement for the benefit of the Company. This Letter Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

*** SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS***

2

This Letter Agreement may
be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together may be considered one and the same agreement.

Signature 

Print Name 

Position in Company, if any 

Address for Notice: 

By signing below, the Company
agrees to enforce the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Letter Agreement.

ALTERNUS CLEAN ENERGY, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea022862301ex10-4_alternus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

January 21, 2025

Mr. Vincent Browne

Chief Executive Officer

Alternus Clean Energy, Inc.

17 State Street, Suite 4000

New York, NY 10004

Dear Mr. Browne:

This letter (the Agreement)
constitutes the agreement between Maxim Group LLC (Maxim or the Placement Agent) and Alternus
Clean Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (the Company), that Maxim shall serve as the exclusive placement agent
for the Company, on a commercially reasonable efforts basis, in connection with the proposed private placement (the Placement)
of notes (the Notes) and of shares (the Commitment Shares) of the Companys common stock,
par value $0.0001 (the Common Stock) (the Notes and Commitment Shares, collectively, the Securities).
The terms of the Placement shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company, Maxim and the purchasers of the Securities (each, a Purchaser
and collectively, the Purchasers) and nothing herein constitutes that Maxim would have the power or authority to
bind the Company or any Purchaser or an obligation for the Company to issue any Securities or complete the Placement. This Agreement and
the documents executed and delivered by the Company and the Purchasers in connection with the Placement, including the Purchase Agreement
(as hereinafter defined) shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents. Each date on which
there is a closing (each a Closing) of the Placement shall be referred to herein as a Closing Date.
The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that Maxims obligations hereunder are on a commercially reasonable efforts basis
only and that the execution of this Agreement does not constitute a legal or binding commitment by Maxim to purchase the Securities or
introduce the Company to investors and does not ensure the successful placement of the Securities or any portion thereof or the success
of Maxim with respect to securing any other financing on behalf of the Company. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers
to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Placement. The sale of the Securities to any Purchaser will
be evidenced by a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) between the Company and such Purchaser in
a form reasonably acceptable to the Company and Maxim. Prior to the signing of the Purchase Agreement, officers of the Company will be
available to answer inquiries from prospective Purchasers. The terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed
to them in the Purchase Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, in the event Maxim determines that any of the terms provided for hereunder shall not comply with a FINRA rule, including
but not limited to FINRA Rule 5110, then the Company shall agree to amend this Agreement in writing upon the request of Maxim to comply
with any such rules; provided that any such amendments shall not provide for terms that are less favorable to the Company.

Unless otherwise provided,
all dollar amounts in this Agreement shall be U.S. dollars.

SECTION 1. COMPENSATION.
As compensation for the services provided by Maxim hereunder, the Company agrees to pay to Maxim:

(A) A
cash fee payable in U.S. dollars equal to eight percent (8.0%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from Purchasers at each Closing
(the Cash Compensation). The Cash Compensation shall be paid in accordance with the Flow of Funds Memorandum attached
hereto and to be delivered to the Escrow Agent prior to Closing (the Flow of Funds Memorandum).

(B) Such
number of common stock purchase warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants) to Maxim or its designees to purchase shares
of Common Stock equal to five (5.0%) percent of the total number of Commitment Shares issued in the Placement. The Placement Agent Warrants
will be exercisable six (6) months after the Closing Date and will expire five (5) years after the Closing Date. The Placement Agent Warrants
will be exercisable at a price equal to 110% of the closing market price of the Common Stock on each Closing. The Placement Agent Warrants
shall not be transferable for six (6) months following the Closing, except as permitted by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)
Rule 5110(g)(1).

The Company also agrees to reimburse Maxim at
each Closing for all of Maxims reasonable accountable expenses, including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of Maxims
counsel and all travel and other out-of-pocket expenses, incurred by Maxim in connection with the Placement, up to a maximum aggregate
amount of $50,000 which shall be paid in accordance with the Flow of Funds Memorandum. In the event this Agreement shall terminate prior
to the consummation of the Placement, Maxim shall be entitled to reimbursement of its actual, out-of-pocket accountable expenses (including
legal fees) incurred by the Placement Agent in connection with the Placement.

SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. Each of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosures in any disclosure
schedules appended thereto) made by the Company to the Purchasers in the Transaction Documents, is hereby incorporated herein by reference
(as though fully restated herein) and is, as of the date of this Agreement, hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent. In addition
to the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants to the Placement Agent that:

(A) (i)
the Company has full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform all of its obligations hereunder; (ii) this
Agreement has been duly authorized and executed and constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of such party enforceable in accordance
with its terms; and (iii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby does
not conflict with or result in a breach of (y) the Companys certificate of incorporation or by-laws or other charter documents
or (z) any agreement to which the Company is a party or by which any of its property or assets is bound.

2

(B) All
disclosure provided by the Company to the Placement Agent regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby,
taken together with all filings the Company has made with the Securities and Exchange Commission, is true and correct in all material
aspects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each filing made by the Company
with the Securities and Exchange Commission since January 1, 2023 did not at the time of release contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. To the best of the Companys knowledge and belief, other than the current
capital raising (of which this Agreement forms a part), no event or circumstance has occurred or information exists with respect to the
Company or its business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which, under the applicable laws, rules or regulations,
requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed.

(C) The
Company has not taken and will not take any action, directly or indirectly, so as to cause the Placement to fail to be entitled to rely
upon the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act).
In effecting the Placement, the Company agrees to comply in all material respects with applicable provisions of the Act and any regulations
thereunder and any applicable laws, rules, regulations and requirements (including, without limitation, all U.S. state law and all national,
provincial, city or other legal requirements).

(D) The
Company has the power to submit, and pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, has legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted,
to the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of the New York State Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York (each, a New York Court). The Company has the power to designate, appoint and
authorize, and pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, has legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably designated, appointed an authorized
agent for service of process in any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Placement in any New York Court, and service
of process effected on such authorized agent will be effective to confer valid personal jurisdiction over the Company as provided in Section
10 of this Agreement.

SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS
OF MAXIM. Maxim represents and warrants that it (i) is a member in good standing of FINRA, (ii) is registered as a broker/dealer under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the states applicable to the offers
and sales of the Securities by Maxim, (iv) is and will be a body corporate validly existing under the laws of its place of incorporation;
(v) has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, (vi) the Placement Agent has not taken
and will not take any action, directly or indirectly, so as to cause the Placement to fail to be entitled to rely upon the exemption from
registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Act; (vii) in effecting the Placement, the Placement Agent agrees to comply in all material
respects with applicable provisions of the Act and any regulations thereunder and any applicable laws, rules, regulations and requirements
(including, without limitation, all U.S. state law and all national, provincial, city or other legal requirements), (viii) this Agreement
has been duly authorized and executed and constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of Maxim enforceable in accordance with its
terms, and (ix) neither the Placement Agent, any person compensated for soliciting investors in the Placement, nor any general partner,
managing member, executive officer, director or officer of the Placement Agent participating in the Placement is subject to any of the
Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2). Maxim will immediately notify the Company in writing
of any change in its status as such. Maxim covenants that it will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the Placement hereunder in
compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and the requirements of applicable law.

3

SECTION 4. INDEMNIFICATION.
The Company agrees to the indemnification and other agreements set forth in the Indemnification Provisions (the Indemnification)
attached hereto as Addendum A, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference and shall survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.

SECTION 5. ENGAGEMENT
TERM.

(A)The Placement Agents
engagement hereunder shall be until the final disbursement of proceeds in accordance with the Flow of Funds Memorandum attached hereto
(such date, the Termination Date). The engagement hereunder may also be earlier terminated for Cause. Cause,
for the purpose of this Agreement, shall mean, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Placement Agents gross negligence,
willful misconduct, or material breach of this Agreement, after being notified in writing of such conduct, and not curing such alleged
conduct within twenty (20) days of notification. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall impact the Placement Agents engagement
pursuant to the Engagement Letter to act as exclusive agent as described therein.

(B) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, Section 1, Section 4, this Section 5, Sections 10, 11 and 12 and all of Addendum A attached hereto
(the terms of which are incorporated by reference hereto), will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. The termination
of this Agreement shall not affect the Companys obligation to pay fees to the extent provided for in Section 1 herein and shall not affect
the Companys obligation to reimburse the expenses accruing prior to such Termination Date to the extent provided for herein. All such
accrued fees and reimbursements due shall be paid to the Placement Agent on or before the Termination Date (in the event such fees and
reimbursements are earned or owed as of the Termination Date) or upon the Closing of the Placement or any applicable portion thereof (in
the event such fees are due pursuant to the terms of Section 1 hereof).

(C) Upon
any termination or expiration of this Agreement, unless the Company terminates this Agreement for Cause, if the Company completes any
financing of equity, equity-linked, convertible or debt or other capital raising activity with, or receives any proceeds from, any of
the investors contacted or introduced to the Company by the Placement Agent within nine (9) months thereafter, the Placement Agent is
entitled to receive compensation as set forth in Section 1(A) and Section 1(B). If the Placement Agent exercises its right of first refusal
under Section 9, then its compensation shall be paid pursuant to that provision.

4

SECTION 6. MAXIM
INFORMATION. The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by Maxim in connection with this engagement is for the confidential
use of the Company only in their evaluation of the Placement and, except as otherwise required by law, the Company will not disclose or
otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without Maxims prior written consent.

SECTION 7. NO
FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP; SECURITIES AND OTHER LAW COMPLIANCE.

(A) This
Agreement does not create, and shall not be construed as creating rights enforceable by any person or entity not a party hereto, except
those entitled hereto by virtue of the Indemnification Provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges and agrees that Maxim is not and shall
not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities to the equity holders or the creditors of the Company
or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of Maxim hereunder, all of which are hereby expressly waived.

(B) The
Company, at its own expense, will use its best efforts to obtain any registration, qualification or approval required to sell any Securities
under the laws (including U.S. state blue sky laws) of any applicable jurisdictions.

SECTION 8. CLOSING.
The obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder, and the closing of the sale of the Securities pursuant to the Purchase Agreement are
subject to the accuracy, when made and on each Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company and its
subsidiaries contained herein and in the Purchase Agreement, to the accuracy of the statements of the Company and its subsidiaries made
in any certificates pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company and its subsidiaries of their obligations hereunder,
and to each of the following additional terms and conditions: 

(A) All
corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery and validity of each of this Agreement,
the Securities and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably satisfactory
in all material respects to counsel for the Placement Agent, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information
that they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

(B) The
Placement Agent shall have received as of each Closing Date a PDF copy of the duly executed Notes delivered to each Purchaser.

(C) [Reserved]

(D) The Placement Agent
shall have received as of each Closing Date the duly executed Placement Agent Warrants. 

(E) The
Placement Agent shall have received as of each Closing Date the favorable opinions of counsels to the Company, dated as of such Closing
Date, addressed to the Placement Agent in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

5

(F) (i)
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall have sustained, since the date of the latest audited or unaudited financial statements
included or incorporated by reference in its reports publicly filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, any material loss or
interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood, terrorist act or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from
any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, otherwise than as set forth in or contemplated by the Purchase Agreement
and disclosure schedules thereto and (ii) since such date there shall not have been any change in the capital stock or long-term debt
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any change, or any development involving a prospective change, in or affecting the business,
general affairs, management, financial position, shareholders equity, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its
subsidiaries, otherwise as set forth in or contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and disclosure schedules thereto, the effect of which,
in any such case described in clause (i) or (ii), is, in the reasonable judgment of the Placement Agent, so material and adverse as to
make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the sale or delivery of the Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated
by the Purchase Agreement and disclosure schedules thereto.

(G) Subsequent
to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and up to the Closing Date, there shall not have occurred any of the following: (i) trading
in the Companys securities generally on the applicable trading market shall have been suspended or minimum or maximum prices or
maximum ranges for prices shall have been established on any such exchange or such market by the Securities and Exchange Commission or
by such exchange or by any other regulatory body or governmental authority having jurisdiction, (ii) a banking moratorium shall have been
declared by federal or state authorities or a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance
services in the United States, (iii) the United States shall have become engaged in hostilities in which it is not currently engaged,
the subject of an act of terrorism, there shall have been an escalation in hostilities involving the United States, or there shall have
been a declaration of a national emergency or war by the United States, or (iv) there shall have occurred any other calamity or crisis
or any change in general economic, political or financial conditions in the United States or elsewhere, if the effect of any such event
in clause (iii) or (iv) that makes it, in the sole and reasonable judgment of the Placement Agent, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed
with the sale or delivery of the Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated by the Purchase Agreement.

(H) No
action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental
agency or body which would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect
the business or operations of the Company; and no injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal or state court
of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the Closing Date which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or
materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company.

(I) The
Company shall have entered into a Purchase Agreement with each of the Purchasers and such agreements shall be in full force and effect
and shall contain representations, warranties and covenants of the Company as agreed between the Company and the Purchasers.

6

(J) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent such further information, certificates and documents
as the Placement Agent may reasonably request, including:

(i) a
certificate of the Company, duly executed by the Secretary of the Company;

(ii) a
certificate of the Company, duly executed by the Chief Executive Officer;

(iii) a
certificate of good standing of the Company in each such entitys jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary of State (or
comparable office) of such jurisdiction of formation as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date;

(iv) a
certificate evidencing the Companys qualification as a foreign corporation and good standing issued by the Secretary of State (or
comparable office) of each jurisdiction in which the Company and each subsidiary conducts business and is required to so qualify, as of
a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date; and

(v) a
certified copy of the Charter as certified by the Delaware Secretary of State within ten (10) days of the Closing Date. 

(K) The
Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent a letter on the letterhead of the Company, duly executed by the Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, setting forth the wire amounts of each Purchaser and the wire transfer instructions of the Company (the Flow
of Funds Letter).

All opinions, letters, evidence
and certificates mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be deemed to be in compliance with the provisions hereof only if
they are in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Placement Agent. 

SECTION 9. RIGHT OF FIRST
REFUSAL Upon the Closing of a Placement, for a period of six (6) months after April 20, 2025, the Company grants the Placement
Agent the right of first refusal to act as sole managing underwriter and sole book runner, sole placement agent, or sole sales
agent, for any and all future public and private equity, equity-linked, convertible or debt offerings, subject to the exceptions set
forth below, during such six (6) month period of the Company, or any successor to or any subsidiary of the Company (a
Subsequent Offering). The Company shall provide the Placement Agent with written notice of its election to
engage in a Subsequent Offering, which notice shall describe the proposed terms and conditions of such Subsequent Offering. The
Placement Agent shall notify the Company within ten (10) business days of its receipt of the written offer contemplated above as to
whether it agrees to accept such retention. If the Placement Agent declines to exercise its right of first refusal, the Company
shall have the right to retain any other entity or person in connection with the Subsequent Offering on terms which are not
materially more favorable to such other entity or person than the terms declined by the Placement Agent. If the Placement Agent
should decline to exercise its right of first refusal, the Company shall have no further obligation to the Placement Agent with
respect to such other Subsequent Offering, except as otherwise provided for herein.

7

SECTION 10. GOVERNING
LAW. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements
made and to be performed entirely in such State. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent
of the other party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors
and permitted assigns. Any right to trial by jury with respect to any dispute arising under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct
in connection herewith is waived. Each of the Placement Agent and the Company: (i) agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising
out of or relating to this Agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be instituted exclusively in New York Supreme Court,
County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, (ii) waives any objection which it may
have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the New York
Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action
or proceeding. Each of the Placement Agent and the Company further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which
may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail or private carrier
(Federal Express, UPS or equivalent) to the Companys address shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon
the Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding, and service of process upon the Placement Agent mailed by certified mail or private
carrier (Federal Express, UPS or equivalent) to the Placement Agents address shall be deemed in every respect effective service
process upon the Placement Agent, in any such suit, action or proceeding. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way
any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions
of a Transaction Document, the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

SECTION 11. ENTIRE
AGREEMENT/MISC/ACKNOWLEDGMENT. This Agreement (including the attached Indemnification Provisions) embodies the entire agreement and
understanding between the parties hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the subject matter hereof.
If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect such
provision in any other respect or any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may
not be amended or otherwise modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by both Maxim and the Company. The representations,
warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the closing of the Placement and delivery of the Securities, as applicable.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that
both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or a .pdf format
file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed)
with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. The Company agrees that the Placement
Agent may rely upon, and is a third party beneficiary of, the representations and warranties, and applicable covenants set forth in the
Purchase Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary and for the avoidance of doubt, the Placement Agency Agreement, dated
April 19, 2024, by and between the Company and Maxim, including but not limited to Section 9 therein, and the Engagement Letter, dated
September 30, 2024 (the Engagement Letter), by and between the Company and Maxim, including but not limited to Sections
14 and 15(b) of the Engagement Letter, shall each continue to be effective and the terms therein shall continue to survive and be enforceable
by Maxim in accordance with its terms, provided that, in the event of a conflict between the terms of the Engagement Letter and this Agreement,
this Agreement shall prevail. The Company also acknowledges that the Company owes to Maxim a total of $235,000, which are due and payable
to Maxim pursuant to the engagement agreement between Maxim and the Company, dated April 19, 2024. A total of $175,000 of such fees shall
be paid to Maxim in accordance with the Flow of Funds Memorandum, and the remaining $60,000 balance shall be paid out of the proceeds
from the Companys next primary offering on Form S-1.

8

SECTION 12.NOTICES.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent via facsimile or
email transmission to the email address specified on the signature pages attached hereto, (b) the date of mailing, if sent by certified
mail or by private carrier (Federal Express, UPS or equivalent), or (c) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages hereto.

SECTION 13. SECURITIES AND OTHER LAW
COMPLIANCE. The Company, at its own expense, will use its best efforts to obtain any registration, qualification or approval required
to sell any securities under the laws (including U.S. state blue-sky laws) of any applicable jurisdictions or any instrumentality
thereof.

SECTION 14. PRESS ANNOUNCEMENTS.
The Company agrees that the Placement Agent shall, from and after any Closing, have the right to reference the Placement and the Placement
Agents role in connection therewith in the Placement Agents marketing materials and on its website and to place advertisements
in financial and other newspapers and journals, in each case at its own expense.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]

9

Please confirm that the foregoing
correctly sets forth our agreement by signing and returning to Maxim the enclosed copy of this Agreement.

Very truly yours,

Maxim GROUP
LLC

By: 

Name: Lawrence Glassberg

Title: Executive Managing Director & Co-Head of
Investment Banking

Address for notice:

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attention:
James Siegel, General Counsel

Email:
jsiegel@maximgrp.com

Accepted and Agreed to as of

the date first written above:

Alternus Clean Energy, Inc. 

By: 

Name: Vincent Browne 

Title:Chief Executive Officer 

Address for notice:

360 Kingsley Park Drive, Suite 250

Fort Mill, South Carolina

Tel: (803) 280-1468

10

ADDENDUM A

INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS

Capitalized terms used in
this Addendum shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement to which this Addendum is attached:

In addition to and without
limiting any other right or remedy available to the Placement Agent and the Indemnified Parties (as hereinafter defined), the Company
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Placement Agent and each of the other Indemnified Parties from and against any and all losses, claims,
damages, obligations, penalties, judgments, awards, liabilities, costs, expenses and disbursements, and any and all actions, suits, proceedings
and investigations in respect thereof and any and all legal and other costs, expenses and disbursements in giving testimony or furnishing
documents in response to a subpoena or otherwise (including, without limitation, the reasonable costs, expenses and disbursements, as
and when incurred, of investigating, preparing, pursing or defending any such action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether or not
in connection with litigation in which any Indemnified Party is a party)) (collectively, Losses), directly or indirectly,
caused by, relating to, based upon, arising out of, or in connection with, Placement Agents acting for the Company, including, without
limitation, any act or omission by Placement Agent in connection with its acceptance of or the performance or non-performance of its obligations
under the Agreement between the Company and Placement Agent to which these indemnification provisions are attached and form a part, any
breach by the Company of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in the Agreement (or in any instrument, document
or agreement relating thereto, including any agency agreement), or the enforcement by Placement Agent of its rights under the Agreement
or these indemnification provisions, except to the extent that any such Losses are found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction
(not subject to further appeal) to have resulted primarily and directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnified
Party seeking indemnification hereunder.

The Company also agrees that
no Indemnified Party shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in
connection with the engagement of Placement Agent by the Company or for any other reason, except to the extent that any such liability
is found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have resulted primarily and directly
from such Indemnified Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct.

These Indemnification Provisions
shall extend to the following persons (collectively, the Indemnified Parties): Placement Agent, its present and former affiliated
entities, managers, members, officers, employees, legal counsel, agents and controlling persons (within the meaning of the federal securities
laws), and the officers, directors, partners, stockholders, members, managers, employees, legal counsel, agents and controlling persons
of any of them. These indemnification provisions shall be in addition to any liability, which the Company may otherwise have to any Indemnified
Party.

11

If any action, suit, proceeding
or investigation is commenced, as to which an Indemnified Party proposes to demand indemnification, it shall notify the Company with reasonable
promptness; provided, however, that any failure by an Indemnified Party to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from its obligations
hereunder. An Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain counsel of its own choice to represent it, and the fees, expenses and disbursements
of such counsel shall be borne by the Company. Any such counsel shall, to the extent consistent with its professional responsibilities,
cooperate with the Company and any counsel designated by the Company. The Company shall be liable for any settlement of any claim against
any Indemnified Party made with the Companys written consent. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Placement Agent,
settle or compromise any claim, or permit a default or consent to the entry of any judgment in respect thereof, unless such settlement,
compromise or consent (i) includes, as an unconditional term thereof, the giving by the claimant to all of the Indemnified Parties of
an unconditional release from all liability in respect of such claim, and (ii) does not contain any factual or legal admission by or with
respect to an Indemnified Party or an adverse statement with respect to the character, professionalism, expertise or reputation of any
Indemnified Party or any action or inaction of any Indemnified Party.

In order to provide for just
and equitable contribution, if a claim for indemnification pursuant to these indemnification provisions is made but it is found in a final
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case,
even though the express provisions hereof provide for indemnification in such case, then the Company shall contribute to the Losses to
which any Indemnified Party may be subject (i) in accordance with the relative benefits received by the Company and its stockholders,
subsidiaries and affiliates, on the one hand, and the Indemnified Party, on the other hand, and (ii) if (and only if) the allocation provided
in clause (i) of this sentence is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as to reflect not only the relative benefits, but
also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Indemnified Party, on the other hand, in connection with the statements,
acts or omissions which resulted in such Losses as well as any relevant equitable considerations. No person found liable for a fraudulent
misrepresentation shall be entitled to contribution from any person who is not also found liable for fraudulent misrepresentation. The
relative benefits received (or anticipated to be received) by the Company and its stockholders, subsidiaries and affiliates shall be deemed
to be equal to the aggregate consideration payable or receivable by such parties in connection with the transaction or transactions to
which the Agreement relates relative to the amount of fees actually received by Placement Agent in connection with such transaction or
transactions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the amount contributed by all Indemnified Parties exceed the amount of
fees previously received by Placement Agent pursuant to the Agreement.

Neither termination nor completion
of the Agreement shall affect these Indemnification Provisions which shall remain operative and in full force and effect. The Indemnification
Provisions shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnified Parties
and their respective successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives.

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea022862301ex99-1_alternus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE ISSUED ON JANUARY 22, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Alternus Clean Energy Announces Pricing of
$2.25 Million Private Placement

New York, NY, January 22, 2025 Alternus
Clean Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALCE) (ALCE, Alternus or the Company) a renewable energy company,
today announced the pricing of an approximately $2.25 million private placement round pursuant to the terms of a securities purchase agreement,
dated January 21, 2025, with several institutional investors (the Purchasers). The closing of the current private placement
round is expected to occur on or about January 23, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The offering is in the form of an Unsecured 20%
Original Issue Discount Promissory Note (the Note), resulting in expected proceeds (before expenses) to Alternus of approximately
$2.25 million. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the said offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Note
shall be fully repayable in cash upon maturity, as defined in the form of the Note.

As part of the offering, the Purchasers will also
be issued an aggregate of 1,526,058 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares).
Alternus has agreed to file a registration statement registering for the resale of the Shares.

Maxim Group LLC is acting as the sole placement
agent for the offering.

The securities described above will be offered
in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Act) and Regulation D promulgated thereunder and in a transaction not involving a public offering and have not been registered
under the Act or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the securities may not be reoffered or resold in the United States except
pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Act and such applicable
state securities laws.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in
any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Alternus Clean Energy, Inc.: 

Alternus Clean Energy, Inc. is a NASDAQ-listed
renewable energy company committed to advancing sustainable solutions. With a focus on utility-scale projects, such as solar parks, and
complementary technologies like microgrids and battery storage, we aim to deliver comprehensive, clean energy across Europe and America.
Through strategic investments, we are building a portfolio poised to lead the transition to a sustainable energy future. For more information,
please visit https://alternusce.com/.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain information contained in this release,
including any information on the Companys plans or future financial or operating performance and other statements that express
the Companys managements expectations or estimates of future performance, constitute forward-looking statements. When used
in this notice, words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate,
expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential,
predict, project, should, would and similar expressions, as they relate to us
or our management team, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as
well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Companys management. Such statements are based on a number
of estimates and assumptions that are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties, many of which are beyond
the control of the Company. The Company cautions that such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and other factors
that may cause the actual financial results, performance or achievements of the Company to differ materially from the Companys
estimated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These statements should
not be relied upon as representing Alternus assessments of any date after the date of this release. The Company undertakes no obligation
to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Media Contact: IR@alternusenergy.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea022862301ex99-2_alternus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE ISSUED ON JANUARY 24, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Alternus Clean Energy Announces Closing of
$2.25 Million Private Placement

New York, NY, January 24, 2025 Alternus
Clean Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALCE) (ALCE, Alternus or the Company) a renewable energy company,
today announced the closing of its previously announced private placement of $2.25 million pursuant to the terms of a securities purchase
agreement, dated January 21, 2025, with several institutional investors (the Purchasers).

The offering was in the form of an Unsecured 20%
Original Issue Discount Promissory Note (the Note), resulting in proceeds (before expenses) to Alternus of approximately
$2.25 million (out of the total $2.81 million offering size). The Company shall use the net proceeds from the said offering for working
capital and general corporate purposes. The Note is fully repayable in cash upon maturity, as defined in the form of Note.

As part of the offering, the Purchasers were also
issued an aggregate of 1,526,058 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Alternus has agreed to file
a registration statement registering for the resale of the shares.

Maxim Group LLC acted as the sole placement agent
for the offering.

The securities described above were offered in
a private placement exempt from the registration requirements under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act)
and Regulation D promulgated thereunder and in a transaction not involving a public offering and were not registered under the Act or
applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the securities may not be reoffered or resold in the United States except pursuant to an
effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Act and such applicable state securities
laws.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in
any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Alternus Clean Energy, Inc.: 

Alternus Clean Energy, Inc. is a NASDAQ-listed
renewable energy company committed to advancing sustainable solutions. With a focus on utility-scale projects, such as solar parks, and
complementary technologies like microgrids and battery storage, we aim to deliver comprehensive, clean energy across Europe and America.
Through strategic investments, we are building a portfolio poised to lead the transition to a sustainable energy future. For more information,
please visit https://alternusce.com/.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain information contained in this release,
including any information on the Companys plans or future financial or operating performance and other statements that express
the Companys managements expectations or estimates of future performance, constitute forward-looking statements. When used
in this notice, words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate,
expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential,
predict, project, should, would and similar expressions, as they relate to us
or our management team, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as
well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Companys management. Such statements are based on a number
of estimates and assumptions that are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties, many of which are beyond
the control of the Company. The Company cautions that such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and other factors
that may cause the actual financial results, performance or achievements of the Company to differ materially from the Companys
estimated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These statements should
not be relied upon as representing Alternus assessments of any date after the date of this release. The Company undertakes no obligation
to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Media Contact: IR@alternusenergy.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>alce-20250121.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>alce-20250121_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>alce-20250121_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41306

Entity Registrant Name ALTERNUS CLEAN ENERGY, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001883984

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-1431377

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 17 State Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 4000

Entity Address, City or Town New
York,

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10004

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 739-0727

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ALCE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://alternusce.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

alce-20250121.xsd 
alce-20250121_lab.xml 
alce-20250121_pre.xml 
ea0228623-8k_alternus.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-006385-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ea0228623-8k_alternus_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001883984 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001883984 
8-K 
2025-01-21 
ALTERNUS CLEAN ENERGY, INC. 
DE 
001-41306 
87-1431377 
17 State Street 
Suite 4000 
New York, 
NY 
10004 
212 
739-0727 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ALCE 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>