<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-009578.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-009578.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121163144
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-009578
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Flowco Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002035149
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				994382473
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42477
		FILM NUMBER:		25542893

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10370 RICHMOND AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1325
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7139937222

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10370 RICHMOND AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1325
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d857846d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
8-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 15, 2025 

Flowco Holdings Inc. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware 001-42477 99-4382473

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1300 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 450 77056

Houston, Texas

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(713) 997-4877

(Registrants telephone number, including area code) 

Not applicable 

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) 

Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425). 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12).

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)).

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)).

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share FLOC New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of
1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On January 17, 2025, Flowco Holdings Inc. (the Company) closed its initial public offering (IPO) of shares of the
Companys Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Class A Common Stock), at a public offering price of $24.00 per share, pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283663), as amended (the Registration Statement), as further described in the prospectus, dated January 15, 2025 (the
Prospectus), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), which is deemed to be part of the Registration Statement. In connection
with the IPO and the closing of the IPO, the Company entered into the following agreements: 

an Underwriting Agreement, dated January 15, 2025, by and among the Company, Flowco MergeCo LLC
(Flowco), a Delaware limited liability company, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC, and Piper Sandler & Co., as representative of the several underwriters identified on the schedule attached thereto, a copy of which is
filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference; 

a Master Reorganization Agreement, dated January 15, 2025, by and among the Company, Flowco, GEC Estis
Holding LLC, Flowco Production Solutions, L.L.C., Flogistix Holdings LLC, each Blocker Merger Sub, each Blocker Entity and each Blocker Entity Shareholder, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference; 

a Master Merger Agreement, dated January 15, 2025, a copy of which is included as an Exhibit to the Master
Reorganization Agreement and is incorporated herein by reference; 

a Tax Receivable Agreement, dated January 17, 2025, by and among the Company, Flowco and each of the
undersigned parties identified therein, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference; 

a Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 17, 2025, by and among the Company and each other person
identified on the schedule of holders attached thereto, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference; 

a Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Flowco MergeCo LLC, dated January 17,
2025, by and among Flowco and its members identified therein, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference; and 

a Stockholders Agreement, dated January 17, 2025, by and among the Company and the persons and entities
listed on the schedules attached thereto, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.5 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The terms of these agreements are substantially the same as the terms set forth in the forms of such agreements filed as exhibits to the
Registration Statement and as described therein. Certain parties to certain of these agreements have various relationships with the Company. For further information, see Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions in the
Prospectus. 

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

As contemplated by the Master Reorganization Agreement, on January 17, 2025, (i) in connection with the mergers of certain Blocker
Entities described therein immediately prior to the closing of the IPO, the Company issued an aggregate of 4,193,991 shares of Class A common stock to the equity owners of the Blocker Entities in exchange for their equity interests in the
Blocker Entities and (ii) in connection with the recapitalization of Flowco contemplated therein and the use of proceeds in the IPO, the Company issued an aggregate of 65,880,671 shares of Class B common stock at the closing of the IPO to
members of Flowco (excluding the Company) for nominal consideration. Such transactions were undertaken in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain
Officers. 

Appointment of Directors; Committee Composition; Director Compensation 

Effective January 15, 2025, Paul W. Hobby, Cynthia L. Walker, and William H. White were appointed to the Board of the Directors of the
Company. Ms. Walker will serve as a Class I director with a term expiring at the Companys first annual meeting of stockholders following the IPO, Mr. White will serve as a Class II director with a term expiring at the
Companys second annual meeting of stockholders following the IPO, and Mr. Hobby will serve as a Class III director with a term expiring at the Companys third annual meeting of stockholders following the IPO. 

2 

Biographical information for Paul W. Hobby, Cynthia L. Walker and William H. White is set
forth in the Prospectus under the caption Management and is incorporated herein by reference. As further disclosed therein, Mr. Hobby, Ms. Walker and Mr. White will each initially serve on the Companys Audit
Committee, with Ms. Walker serving as chairperson of the Audit Committee. 

Based upon information requested from and provided by each
director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships, the Board determined that each of Ms. Walker and Messrs. Hobby and White, do not have any relationships that would interfere with the
exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is independent as that term is defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and the listing
requirements of the New York Stock Exchange. Except as previously disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there are no transactions in which Paul W. Hobby, Cynthia L. Walker or William H. White have an interest requiring
disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

In connection with their appointment to the Board
of Directors, the Company granted to each of the non-employee directors 15,625 restricted stock units (RSUs) effective January 17, 2025. The RSUs granted to each of the non-employee directors will vest as described in the Prospectus under Executive CompensationDirector Compensation. 

2025 Equity and Incentive Plan 

Effective January 17, 2025, the Companys Board of Directors adopted and approved the Companys 2025 Equity and Incentive Plan
(the Plan). Effective January 17, 2025, the Companys Board of Directors approved the forms of each of the Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Employee RSU Agreement) and the
Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Director RSU Agreement and collectively, the RSU Agreements). Effective January 17, 2025 following the filing of the
registration statement on Form S-8 relating to shares issuable under the Plan, the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors adopted and approved the forms of RSU Agreements and initial RSU grants as contemplated by the
Prospectus and described below. For further information regarding the Plan and the RSU Agreements, see ExecutiveIncentive Plan in the Prospectus and the Initial RSU Awards to Certain Officers and Directors described
below. 

A copy of the Plan is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.6 and incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Employee RSU Agreement is
filed herewith as Exhibit 10.7 and incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Director RSU Agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.8 and incorporated herein by reference. The above description of the Plan and the RSU Agreements is not
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. 

Initial RSU Awards to Certain Officers and Directors

As contemplated by the Prospectus, the Companys Compensation Committee approved initial RSU Awards to employees, including the Companys principal
executive officer, principal financial officer and each of its named executive officers (NEOs), as well as initial RSU Awards to each of the Companys non-employee directors. The Company issued the following number of RSUs to each
of the Companys principal executive officer, principal financial officer and its NEOs: 

Joseph R. Edwards President and Chief Executive

Officer 134,792

John Gatlin Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 57,292

Jonathan W. Byers Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 50,208

Chad Roberts Executive Vice President Production Solutions 37,500

The initial RSUs issued to the principal executive officer, principal financial officer and NEOs will be
subject to cliff vesting on the third anniversary of the grant date. The initial RSUs issued to non-employee directors will vest pro rata quarterly over a three-year period. A copy of the Employee RSU Agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.7 and
incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Director RSU Agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.8 and incorporated herein by reference. The above summaries of the RSU Awards are qualified in their entirety by reference to such exhibits. 

Indemnification Agreements 

On
January 15, 2025, in connection with the IPO, the Company entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and officers (the Indemnification Agreements). The Indemnification Agreements require, among other things,
the Company to indemnify each such individual to the fullest extent permitted by law against liabilities that may arise by reason of such individuals service to the Company, and to advance or pay expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding
against such individual as to which he or she could be indemnified. 

3 

The foregoing description is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the form of Indemnification Agreement, a form of which is attached as Exhibit 10.9 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated in this Item 5.02 by reference. 

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

On January 15, 2025, the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter), substantially in the
form previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement, and the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws), substantially in the form previously filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement, became
effective. The Charter, among other things, provides that the Companys authorized capital stock consists of 300,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 150,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock. A description of the material terms of the Companys capital stock, after giving effect to the adoption of the Charter and the Bylaws, has previously been reported by the Company in the Registration Statement. The Charter and the Bylaws
are filed herewith as Exhibit 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 8.01. Other Events 

On January 17, 2025, the Company completed the IPO of 20,470,000 shares of its Class A common stock at a price to the public of $24.00 per
share, which includes the exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase an additional 2,670,000 shares of the Companys Class A common stock. The Company intends to use the net proceeds that it receives from the proposed offering to
redeem certain equity interest from certain non-affiliate holders, and with respect to the remainder, repay indebtedness under its existing credit agreement. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

The
information in this Form 8-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Form 8-K may be forwardlooking statements. These
statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance and include statements regarding the expected size, timing and results of the initial public offering. When used in this Form 8-K or exhibits hereto, words
such as expect, project, estimate, believe, anticipate, intend, plan, seek, forecast, target, predict,
may, should, would, could, and will, the negative of these terms and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements
contain such identifying words. Forward-looking statements are based on managements current expectations and assumptions, and are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Accordingly,
we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in
these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. When considering these forward-looking statements, you
should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements in the Companys Prospectus. The Company undertakes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring
after this Form 8-K. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 8-K. 

4 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 

Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025, by and among J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC, and Piper Sandler 
& Co., as representative of the several underwriters named in Schedule I thereto 

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Flowco Holdings Inc. 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Flowco Holdings Inc. 

10.1 Master Reorganization Agreement, dated January 
15, 2025, by and among the by and among the Company, Flowco MergeCo LLC, GEC Estis Holding LLC, Flowco Production Solutions, L.L.C., Flogistix Holdings LLC, each Blocker Merger Sub, each Blocker Entity and each Blocker Entity Shareholder.

10.2 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated January 17, 2025, by and among the Company, Flowco MergeCo LLC and each of the undersigned parties identified therein. 

10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 17, 2025, by and among Flowco Holdings Inc. and each other person identified on the schedule of investors attached thereto

10.4 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Flowco MergeCo LLC, dated January 17, 2025 

10.5 Stockholders Agreement, dated January 17, 2025, by and among Flowco Holdings Inc. and the persons and entities listed on the schedules attached thereto 

10.6# Flowco Holdings Inc. 2025 Equity and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowco Holdings Inc.s Registration Statement
on Form S-8, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 17, 2025). 

10.7# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Employee) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Flowco Holdings Inc.s Registration
Statement on Form S-1, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2025). 

10.8# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non-Employee Director) (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.14 to Flowco Holdings Inc.s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2025) 

10.9 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Flowco Holdings Inc.s Registration Statement on Form
S-1, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2025) 

# 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan 

5 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC.

By: /s/ Joel Lambert

Name: Joel Lambert

Title: Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel

Date: January 21, 2025 

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d857846dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

Execution Version

Flowco Holdings Inc. 

17,800,000
Shares of Class A Common Stock 

Underwriting Agreement 

January 15, 2025 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

Jefferies LLC 

Piper Sandler & Co. 

As Representatives of the 

several Underwriters listed 

in Schedule 1 hereto 

c/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10179 

c/o Jefferies LLC 

520 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10022 

c/o Piper Sandler & Co. 

1251 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10020 

To the addressees set forth above: 

Flowco
Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto (the Underwriters), for whom you are acting as representatives (the
Representatives), an aggregate of 17,800,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Underwritten Shares) and, at the option of the Underwriters, up to an additional 2,670,000
shares of Class A common stock of the Company (the Option Shares). The Underwritten Shares and the Option Shares are herein referred to as the Shares. The shares of Class A common stock of the Company to be
outstanding after giving effect to the sale of the Shares are referred to herein as the Stock. 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
(hereafter referred to as J.P. Morgan or the Reserved Share Underwriter) has agreed to reserve a portion of the Shares to be purchased by it under this underwriting agreement (this Agreement), up to 5% of the
Shares, for sale to the Companys directors, officers, employees, business associates and related persons (collectively, Invitees), as set forth in the Prospectus (as hereinafter defined) under the heading
UnderwritingReserved Share Program (the Reserved Share Program). The Shares to be sold by the Reserved Share Underwriter and its affiliates pursuant to the Reserved Share Program are referred to hereinafter as the
Reserved Securities. Any Reserved Securities not orally confirmed for purchase by any Invitee by 11:59 P.M., New York City time on the business day on which this Agreement is executed will be offered to the public by the Underwriters as
set forth in the Prospectus. 

The Company was formed in contemplation of the proposed issuance and sale of the Shares (the
Offering). It is understood and agreed to by all parties that the Company will, prior to the closing of the Offering, enter into certain organizational transactions described under the heading Our Organizational Structure 
Transactions in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (each as defined herein) (the Organizational Transactions). Following the Offering and the Organizational Transactions, the Company will
be a holding company whose principal asset will consist of an approximately 25.0% equity interest in Flowco MergeCo LLC (Flowco LLC, together with the Company, the Company Parties), with such equity interest consisting of
21,993,991 common units of Flowco LLC (LLC Interests), representing approximately 25.0% of the economic interest in Flowco LLC (or 24,663,991 LLC Interests, representing approximately 27.2% of the economic interest in Flowco LLC if the
underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock). After the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Prospectus, the Company will be the sole managing member of Flowco LLC and will
control the business and affairs of Flowco LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. References herein to the Company and its subsidiaries refer to Company and its subsidiaries pro forma following the Organizational Transactions.

The Company Parties hereby confirm the engagement of Piper Sandler & Co. as a qualified independent underwriter
within the meaning of Rule 5121 (Rule 5121) of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) (Piper Sandler & Co. acting in such capacity, the QIU). The QIU agrees with the Company to
(i) undertake the legal responsibilities and liabilities of an underwriter under the Securities Act (as defined below), specifically including those inherent in Section 11 of the Securities Act, and (ii) participate in the preparation
of the Registration Statement (as defined below) and the Prospectus (as defined below) and exercise the usual standards of due diligence in respect thereto. No compensation will be paid to the QIU for its services as a qualified
independent underwriter. 

The Company Parties hereby confirm their agreement with the several Underwriters concerning the purchase and
sale of the Shares, as follows: 

1. Registration Statement. The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), a registration statement (File No. 333-283663), including a prospectus, relating to the Shares. Such registration statement, as amended at the time it became effective, including the information, if any, deemed pursuant to Rule 430A, 430B or
430C under the Securities Act to be part of the registration statement at the time of its effectiveness (Rule 430 Information), is referred to herein as the Registration Statement; and as used herein, the term
Preliminary Prospectus means each prospectus included in such registration statement (and any amendments thereto) before effectiveness, any prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(a) under the Securities Act and the
prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time of its effectiveness that omits Rule 430 

-2- 

Information, and the term Prospectus means the prospectus in the form first used (or made available upon request of purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Securities Act) in
connection with confirmation of sales of the Shares. If the Company has filed an abbreviated registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act (the Rule 462 Registration Statement), then any reference herein to the
term Registration Statement shall be deemed to include such Rule 462 Registration Statement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. 

At or prior to the Applicable Time (as defined below), the Company had prepared the following information (collectively with the pricing
information set forth on Annex A, the Pricing Disclosure Package): a Preliminary Prospectus dated January 13, 2025 and each free-writing prospectus (as defined pursuant to Rule 405 under the Securities Act) listed on
Annex A hereto. 

Applicable Time means 4:15 P.M., New York City time, on January 15, 2025. 

2. Purchase of the Shares. The Company agrees to issue and sell the Underwritten Shares to the several Underwriters as provided in this
Agreement, and each Underwriter, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein and subject to the conditions set forth herein, agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase at a price per share of $22.56 (the
Purchase Price) from the Company the respective number of Underwritten Shares set forth opposite such Underwriters name in Schedule 1 hereto. 

In addition, the Company agrees to issue and sell the Option Shares to the several Underwriters as provided in this Agreement, and the
Underwriters, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein and subject to the conditions set forth herein, shall have the option to purchase, severally and not jointly, from the Company the Option Shares at the
Purchase Price less an amount per share equal to any dividends or distributions declared by the Company and payable on the Underwritten Shares but not payable on the Option Shares. If any Option Shares are to be purchased, the number of Option
Shares to be purchased by each Underwriter shall be the number of Option Shares which bears the same ratio to the aggregate number of Option Shares being purchased as the number of Underwritten Shares set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter
in Schedule 1 hereto (or such number increased as set forth in Section 10 hereof) bears to the aggregate number of Underwritten Shares being purchased from the Company by the several Underwriters, subject, however, to such adjustments to
eliminate any fractional Shares as the Representatives in their sole discretion shall make. 

The Underwriters may exercise the option to
purchase Option Shares at any time in whole, or from time to time in part, on or before the thirtieth day following the date of the Prospectus, by written notice from the Representatives to the Company. Such notice shall set forth the aggregate
number of Option Shares as to which the option is being exercised and the date and time when the Option Shares are to be delivered and paid for, which may be the same date and time as the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined) but shall not be
earlier than the Closing Date nor later than the tenth full business day (as hereinafter defined) after the date of such notice (unless such time and date are postponed in accordance with the provisions of Section 10 hereof). Any such notice
shall be given at least two business days prior to the date and time of delivery specified therein. 

-3- 

(a) The Company understands that the Underwriters intend to make a public offering of the
Shares, and initially to offer the Shares on the terms set forth in the Pricing Disclosure Package. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters may offer and sell Shares to or through any affiliate of an Underwriter. 

(b) Payment for the Shares shall be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account specified by the Company to the
Representatives in the case of the Underwritten Shares, at the offices of Latham & Watkins, 811 Main St. Suite 3700, Houston, TX 77002 at 10:00 A.M., New York City time on January 17, 2025, or at such other time or place on the same or
such other date, not later than the fifth business day thereafter, as the Representatives and the Company may agree upon in writing or, in the case of the Option Shares, on the date and at the time and place specified by the Representatives in the
written notice of the Underwriters election to purchase such Option Shares. The time and date of such payment for the Underwritten Shares is referred to herein as the Closing Date, and the time and date for such payment for the
Option Shares, if other than the Closing Date, is herein referred to as the Additional Closing Date. 

Payment for the Shares
to be purchased on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, shall be made against delivery to the Representatives for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters of the Shares to be purchased on such date or the
Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, with any documentary, stamp, registration or similar issuance taxes payable in connection with the sale of such Shares duly paid by the Company. Delivery of the Shares shall be made through the facilities
of The Depository Trust Company unless the Representatives shall otherwise instruct. 

(c) The Company acknowledges and agrees that the
Representatives and the other Underwriters are acting solely in the capacity of an arms length contractual counterparty to the Company with respect to the offering of Shares contemplated hereby (including in connection with determining the
terms of the Offering) and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Company or any other person. Additionally, neither the Representatives nor any other Underwriter is advising the Company or any other person as to any
legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. The Company shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Representatives nor any other Underwriter shall have any responsibility or liability to the Company with respect thereto. Any review by the Representatives and the other Underwriters of the Company,
the transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of the Representatives and the other Underwriters and shall not be on behalf of the Company. 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company Parties. Each Company Party represents and warrants to each Underwriter that: 

(a) Preliminary Prospectus. No order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus has been issued by
the Commission, and each Preliminary Prospectus included in the Pricing Disclosure Package, at the time of filing thereof, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, and no Preliminary Prospectus,

-4- 

at the time of filing thereof, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any
Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in any Preliminary Prospectus, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of
the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. 

(b) Pricing Disclosure Package. The Pricing
Disclosure Package as of the Applicable Time did not, and as of the Closing Date and as of the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and
in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in such Pricing Disclosure Package, it being understood and agreed that the only such
information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. No statement of material fact included in the Prospectus has been omitted from the Pricing Disclosure Package and no statement of
material fact included in the Pricing Disclosure Package that is required to be included in the Prospectus has been omitted therefrom. 

(c) Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Other than the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus, the Company (including its agents and representatives, other than the Underwriters in their capacity as such) has not prepared, made, used, authorized, approved or referred to and will not prepare, make, use, authorize, approve or refer
to any written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Shares (each such communication by the Company or its agents and representatives
(other than a communication referred to in clause (i) below) an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus) other than (i) any document not constituting a prospectus pursuant to Section 2(a)(10)(a) of the Securities Act or Rule 134
under the Securities Act or (ii) the documents listed on Annex A hereto, each electronic road show and any other written communications approved in writing in advance by the Representatives. Each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus complies in
all material respects with the Securities Act, has been or will be (within the time period specified in Rule 433) filed in accordance with the Securities Act (to the extent required thereby) and does not conflict with the information contained in
the Registration Statement or the Pricing Disclosure Package, and, when taken together with the Preliminary Prospectus accompanying, or delivered prior to delivery of, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, did not, and as of the Closing Date and as
of the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in 

-5- 

each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or Preliminary Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such
Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or Preliminary Prospectus, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information
described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. 

(d) Emerging Growth Company. From the time of initial confidential
submission of the Registration Statement to the Commission (or, if earlier, the first date on which the Company engaged directly or through any person authorized to act on its behalf in any Testing-the-Waters Communication undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act) through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in
Section 2(a) of the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company). Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication
with potential investors undertaken in reliance on either Section 5(d) of, or Rule 163B under, the Securities Act. 

(e) Testing-the-Waters Materials. The
Company (i) has not alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications other than
Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Representatives (x) with entities that are qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) within the
meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act (IAIs) and otherwise in compliance with the
requirements of Section 5(d) of the Securities Act or (y) with entities that the Company reasonably believed to be QIBs or IAIs and otherwise in compliance with the requirements of Rule 163B under the Securities Act and (ii) has not
authorized anyone other than the Representatives to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company reconfirms that the Representatives have been authorized to
act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed or approved for distribution any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Annex B hereto. Written
Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is
a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act. Any individual Written Testing-the-Waters Communication does not conflict with the
information contained in the Registration Statement or the Pricing Disclosure Package, complied in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act, and when taken together with the Pricing Disclosure Package as of the
Applicable Time, did not, and as of the Closing Date and as of the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(f) Registration Statement and
Prospectus. The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued by the Commission, and no proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to
Section 8A of the Securities Act against the Company or related to the offering of the Shares has been initiated or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by the Commission; as of the applicable effective date of the Registration

-6- 

Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, the Registration Statement and any such post-effective amendment complied and, as of the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, will
comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, and did not and will not, as of the Closing Date or any Additional Closing Date, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and as of the date of the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto and as of the Closing Date and as of the Additional Closing Date, as the
case may be, the Prospectus will comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in
conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto,
it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof. 

(g) Financial Statements. The financial statements (including the related notes thereto) included in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the entities purported to be
shown thereby as of the dates indicated and the results of their operations and the changes in their cash flows for the periods specified; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby, and any supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be
stated therein; and the other financial information included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus has been derived from the accounting records of the entities purported to be shown thereby and presents
fairly the information shown thereby; all disclosures included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term
is defined by the rules and regulations of Commission) comply with Regulation G of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the
Securities Act, to the extent applicable; and the proforma financial information and the related notes thereto included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus have been prepared in accordance
with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the material assumptions underlying such proforma financial information are reasonable and are set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus. 

-7- 

(h) No Material Adverse Change. Since the date of the most recent
financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (i) there has not been any material change in the capital stock (other than the Organizational Transactions and the grant of
restricted stock unit awards to be issued under the equity incentive plan described in, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus), short-term debt or long-term debt of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
(other than borrowings under the Credit Agreement (as defined herein)), or any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, set aside for payment, paid or made by the Company on any class of capital stock (other than redemptions described in or
expressly contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus), or any material adverse change, or any development involving a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the business, properties,
management, financial position, stockholders equity, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; (ii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has entered into any transaction or
agreement (whether or not in the ordinary course of business) that is material to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, that is material to the Company and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole; and (iii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has sustained any loss or interference with its business that is material to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole and that is either from fire, explosion,
flood or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor disturbance or dispute or any action, order or decree of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, except in each case as otherwise disclosed in
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(i) Organization and Good Standing.
The Company and each of its subsidiaries have been duly organized and are validly existing and in good standing under the laws of their respective jurisdictions of organization, are duly qualified to do business and are in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which their respective ownership or lease of property or the conduct of their respective businesses requires such qualification, and have all power and authority necessary to own or hold their respective properties and to conduct the
businesses in which they are engaged, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing or have such power or authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
business, properties, management, financial position, stockholders equity, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or on the performance by the Company Parties of their obligations under the
Transaction Documents (as defined below) (a Material Adverse Effect). The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any corporation, association or other entity other than the subsidiaries listed in Exhibit 21 to the
Registration Statement. The subsidiaries listed in Schedule 2 to this Agreement are the only significant subsidiaries of the Company. 

(j) Capitalization. Flowco LLC has the capitalization set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus. After giving effect to the Organizational Transactions, the issuance of the Shares to be sold by the Company and the use of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have an authorized capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the as-adjusted column under
the heading Capitalization; all the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and are not subject

-8- 

to any pre-emptive or similar rights; except as described in or expressly contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus, there are no outstanding rights (including, without limitation, pre-emptive rights), warrants or options to acquire, or instruments convertible into or exchangeable for, any shares of capital
stock or other equity interest in the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any contract, commitment, agreement, understanding or arrangement of any kind relating to the issuance of any capital stock of the Company or any such subsidiary, any such
convertible or exchangeable securities or any such rights, warrants or options; after giving effect to the Organizational Transactions, the capital stock of the Company Parties will conform in all material respects to the description thereof
contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and after giving effect to the Organizational Transactions, all the outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests of each subsidiary owned,
directly or indirectly, by the Company will have been duly and validly authorized and issued, will be fully paid and non-assessable (except as otherwise described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus), and will be owned directly or indirectly by the Company, free and clear of any lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest, restriction on voting or transfer or any other claim of any third party, except for
those securing indebtedness under the senior secured revolving credit facility by and among Flowco MasterCo LLC (the Parent Borrower), Flowco Productions Solutions, L.L.C., Estis Intermediate Holdings, LLC and Flogistix Intermediate
Holdings, LLC, as borrowers, certain other direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Parent Borrower party thereto as guarantors, the lenders named therein, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Credit Agreement).

(k) Due Authorization. Each Company Party has full right, power and authority to execute and deliver, to the extent
a party thereto, this Agreement, the tax receivable agreement (the Tax Receivable Agreement) to be entered into by and among the Company, Flowco LLC and certain equity owners in connection with the closing of the Offering, the
registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) to be entered into with certain equity owners in connection with the closing of the Offering, the stockholders agreement (the Stockholders
Agreement) to be entered into with GEC Advisors LLC, White Deer Management LLC and certain of their affiliates and the second amended and restated limited liability company agreement of Flowco LLC (the Flowco LLC Operating
Agreement, together with this Agreement, the Tax Receivable Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Stockholders Agreement, the Transaction Documents) and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder; and
all action required to be taken for the due and proper authorization, execution and delivery by it of this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby has been duly and validly taken. 

(l) Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized,
executed and delivered by the Company Parties. 

(m) The Shares. The Shares to be issued and sold by the Company
hereunder have been duly authorized by the Company and, when issued and delivered and paid for as provided herein, will be duly and validly issued, will be fully paid and nonassessable and will conform in all material respects to the descriptions
thereof in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and the issuance of the Shares is not subject to any preemptive or similar rights that have not been duly waived or satisfied. 

-9- 

(n) Other Transaction Documents. Each of the Transaction Documents
has been duly authorized by each of the Company Parties, to the extent each is a party thereto, and, when duly executed and delivered in accordance with its terms by each of the parties thereto, will constitute valid and legally binding agreements
of the Company Parties enforceable against the Company Parties, as applicable, in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors
rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 

(o) Descriptions of the Transaction
Documents. Each Transaction Document conforms in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(p) No Violation or Default. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its charter or by-laws or similar organizational documents; (ii) in default, and no event has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such a default, in the due performance or observance of any
term, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound
or to which any property or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject; or (iii) in violation of any applicable law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such default or violation that would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(q) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery
and performance by each of the Company Parties of each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Shares by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents or the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not (i) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, result in the termination, modification or
acceleration of, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property, right or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other
agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to which any property, right or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject,
(ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the charter or by-laws or similar organizational documents of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (iii) result in the violation of any
applicable law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets,
except, in the case of clauses (i) and (iii) above, for any such conflict, breach, violation, default, lien, charge or encumbrance that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

-10- 

(r) No Consents Required. No consent, approval, authorization, order,
registration or qualification of or with any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets is required for the execution,
delivery and performance by any of the Company Parties of each of the Transaction Documents to which it is party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, except for the registration of the Shares under the
Securities Act and such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders and registrations or qualifications (i) as have been obtained or made or (ii) as may be required by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA)
and under applicable state securities laws in connection with the purchase and distribution of the Shares by the Underwriters, and except where the failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders, registrations or qualifications
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(s) Legal
Proceedings. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, demands, claims, suits, arbitrations, inquiries or
proceedings (Actions) pending to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may be a party or to which any property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may be the subject that, individually or in the aggregate, if
determined adversely to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; to the knowledge of the Company Parties, no such Actions are threatened or contemplated by any governmental or regulatory
authority or threatened by others; and (i) there are no current or pending Actions that are required under the Securities Act to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that are not so
described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and (ii) there are no statutes, regulations or contracts or other documents that are required under the Securities Act to be filed as exhibits to the
Registration Statement or described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that are not so filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement or described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus. 

(t) Independent Accountants. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), who has
certified certain financial statements of the Company, Flowco LLC and Flowco Production Solutions, L.L.C. (FPS), is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to each of the Company, Flowco LLC and its subsidiaries and
FPS and its subsidiaries, in each case, within the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and as required by the Securities Act. Grant Thornton LLP
(GT), who has certified certain financial statements of Flogistix, LP (Flogistix), is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to Flogistix and its subsidiaries within the applicable rules and regulations
adopted by the Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and as required by the Securities Act. 

-11- 

(u) Title to Real and Personal Property. The Company and its
subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple (in the case of real property) to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real and personal property that are material to the respective businesses of the Company and
its subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens (excluding any liens created pursuant to the Credit Agreement), encumbrances, claims and defects and imperfections of title except those that (i) do not materially interfere with the
use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its subsidiaries or (ii) would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(v) Intellectual Property. (i) The Company and its subsidiaries own or have the right to use all patents, patent
applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, domain names and other source indicators, copyrights and copyrightable works, know-how, trade secrets,
systems, procedures, proprietary or confidential information and all other worldwide intellectual property, industrial property and proprietary rights (collectively, Intellectual Property) that is material to the conduct of their
respective businesses; (ii) to the knowledge of the Company Parties, the Companys and its subsidiaries conduct of their respective businesses does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate any Intellectual Property of any
person; (iii) the Company and its subsidiaries have not received any written notice of any claim of infringement, misappropriation or other violation of any Intellectual Property of any person that has not been resolved and that would,
individually, or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iv) to the knowledge of the Company Parties, the Intellectual Property of the Company and its subsidiaries is not being infringed, misappropriated
or otherwise violated by any person in a manner that would individually, or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(w) No Undisclosed Relationships. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders, customers, suppliers or other affiliates of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the other, that is required by the Securities Act to be described in each of the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus and that is not so described in such documents and in the Pricing Disclosure Package. 

(x) Investment Company Act. Neither Company Party is and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Shares and
the application of the proceeds thereof received by the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, neither Company Party will be required to register as, an investment company
or an entity controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

-12- 

(y) Taxes. The Company and its subsidiaries have paid all federal,
state, local and foreign taxes (other than any taxes that are currently being contested in good faith and for which appropriate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP) and filed all tax returns required to be paid or filed through the
date hereof; and except as otherwise disclosed in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there is no tax deficiency that has been, or could reasonably be expected to be, asserted against the Company or
any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, except, in each case, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(z) Licenses and Permits. The Company and its subsidiaries possess all licenses,
sub-licenses, certificates, permits and other authorizations issued by, and have made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authorities
that are necessary for the ownership or lease of their respective properties or the conduct of their respective businesses as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except where the
failure to possess or make the same would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and except as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received notice of any revocation or modification of any such license, sub-license, certificate, permit or authorization or has any reason to
believe that any such license, sub-license, certificate, permit or authorization will not be renewed in the ordinary course, except where such revocation, modification or
non-renewal would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(aa) No Labor Disputes. No labor disturbance by or dispute with employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is contemplated or threatened, and the Company Parties are not aware of any existing or imminent labor disturbance by, or dispute with, the employees of any of their or their subsidiaries principal
suppliers, contractors or customers, except, in each case, as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of cancellation or termination with respect to
any collective bargaining agreement to which it is a party. 

(bb) Certain Environmental Matters. (i) The
Company and its subsidiaries (x) are in compliance with all, and have not violated any, applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws (including common law), rules, regulations, requirements, decisions, judgments, decrees, orders and other
legally enforceable requirements relating to pollution or the protection of human health or safety, the environment, natural resources, hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (collectively, Environmental
Laws); (y) have received and are in compliance with all, and have not violated any, permits, licenses, certificates or other authorizations or approvals required of them under any Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and
(z) have not received written notice of any actual or potential liability or obligation under or relating to, or any actual or potential violation of, any Environmental Laws, including for the investigation or remediation of any disposal or
release of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) there are no costs or liabilities associated
with Environmental Laws of or relating to the Company or its subsidiaries, 

-13- 

except in the case of each of (i) and (ii) above, for any such matter as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and
(iii) except as described in each of the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (x) there is no proceeding that is pending, or that is known to be contemplated, against the Company or any of its subsidiaries
under any Environmental Laws in which a governmental entity is also a party, other than such proceeding regarding which it is reasonably believed no monetary sanctions of $300,000 or more will be imposed, (y) the Company and its subsidiaries
are not aware of any facts or issues regarding compliance with Environmental Laws, or liabilities or other obligations under Environmental Laws or concerning hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, that would reasonably
be expected to have a material effect on the capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position of the Company and its subsidiaries, and (z) none of the Company or its subsidiaries anticipates material capital expenditures relating to any
Environmental Laws. 

(cc) Compliance with ERISA. (i) Each employee benefit plan, within the meaning of
Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), for which the Company or any member of its Controlled Group (defined as any entity, whether or not incorporated, that is under
common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA or any entity that would be regarded as a single employer with the Company under Section 414(b),(c),(m) or (o) of the Code) would have any liability
(each, a Plan) has been maintained in substantial compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code; (ii) no prohibited
transaction, within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred with respect to any Plan, excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption; (iii) for each Plan that
is subject to the funding rules of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, no Plan has failed (whether or not waived), or is reasonably expected to fail, to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of
Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code) applicable to such Plan; (iv) no Plan is, or is reasonably expected to be, in at risk status (within the meaning of Section 303(i) of ERISA) and no Plan that is a
multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA is in endangered status or critical status (within the meaning of Sections 304 and 305 of ERISA); (v) the fair market value of the assets
of each Plan (excluding for these purposes accrued but unpaid contributions) exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such Plan (determined based on those assumptions used to fund such Plan); (vi) no reportable event
(within the meaning of Section 4043(c) of ERISA and the regulations promulgated thereunder) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (vii) each Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has
received an IRS determination or opinion letter that the form of the Plan is so qualified, and nothing has occurred, whether by action or by failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification; and (viii) neither the Company nor
any member of the Controlled Group has incurred, nor reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA (other than contributions to the Plan or premiums to the Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation, in the ordinary course and
without default) in respect of a Plan (including, to the knowledge of the Company, a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA), except in each case with respect to the events or conditions set forth in
(i) through (viii) hereof, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

-14- 

(dd) Disclosure Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain
an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that complies with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and that has been
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules
and forms, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

(ee) Accounting Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal
executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general
or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as described in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no material weaknesses in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting and no changes to the Companys internal control over financial reporting that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting (it being understood that this paragraph (ee) shall not require the Company to comply with Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) as of an earlier date than it would otherwise be required to so comply under applicable law). The
Companys auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
which have adversely affected or are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting. 

-15- 

(ff) Insurance. The Company and its subsidiaries have insurance
covering their respective properties, operations, personnel and businesses, including business interruption insurance, which insurance is in amounts and insures against such losses and risks, which the Company believes are reasonably adequate to
protect the Company and its subsidiaries and their respective businesses, taken as a whole; and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has (i) received written notice from any insurer or agent of such insurer that capital improvements
or other expenditures are required or necessary to be made in order to continue such insurance or (ii) any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage at reasonable cost from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business. 

(gg)
Cybersecurity; Data Protection. The Company and its subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT
Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted, free and clear of all material bugs,
errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants. The Company and its subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material
confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and data (including all personal, personally identifiable, sensitive, confidential or regulated data (Personal Data)) used in
connection with their businesses, and there have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person,
nor any incidents under internal review or, to the knowledge of the Company, investigations relating to the same. The Company and its subsidiaries are presently in material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders,
rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and
Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification. 

(hh) No Unlawful Payments. Neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor any director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of any Company Party, any agent, affiliate or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries has (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made or taken an act in furtherance of an offer, promise
or authorization of any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign or domestic government official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting
in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as
amended, or any applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, or committed an offence under the Bribery Act 2010 of the United Kingdom or any
other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law; (iv) made, offered, agreed, requested or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe or other unlawful benefit, including, without limitation, any rebate, payoff, influence payment,
kickback or other unlawful or improper payment or benefit and (v) neither the 

-16- 

Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor to its knowledge any of its affiliates, will use, directly or indirectly, the proceeds of the Offering in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to
pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any person in violation of any applicable anti-corruption laws. The Company and its subsidiaries have instituted, maintain and enforce, and will continue to
maintain and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote and ensure compliance with all applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. 

(ii) Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been
conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the applicable money laundering statutes of all
jurisdictions where the Company or any of its subsidiaries conducts business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental or regulatory agency
having jurisdiction over the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and have instituted and maintained, and will continue to maintain, policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and
achieve compliance with such laws and with the representations and warranties contained herein and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its
subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of a Company Party, threatened. 

(jj) No Conflicts with Sanctions Laws. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, directors, officers or
employees, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any agent, affiliate or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is (i) currently the subject or the target of any sanctions administered or
enforced by the U.S. government (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a specially
designated national or blocked person), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majestys Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively,
Sanctions), (ii) an individual or entity that is 50% or more owned or controlled by one or more such persons described in clause (i), or (iii) operating from, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or
target of comprehensive or territory-wide Sanctions, including, without limitation, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the
so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria (each, a Sanctioned Country). The Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of the Shares
hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of such
funding or facilitation, is the subject or target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any
person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. Since April 24, 2019, the Company and its subsidiaries have not engaged in, are not now engaged in, and will not engage in, any
dealings or transactions with or involving any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or with or in any Sanctioned Country. 

-17- 

(kk) No Restrictions on Subsidiaries. Except as described in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, no subsidiary of the Company is currently prohibited, directly or indirectly, under any agreement or other instrument to which it is a party or is subject or under any law or
regulation to which it is subject, from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such subsidiarys capital stock or similar ownership interest, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such
subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such subsidiarys properties or assets to the Company or any other subsidiary of the Company. 

(ll) No Brokers Fees. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any contract,
agreement or understanding with any person (other than this Agreement) that would give rise to a valid claim against any of them or any Underwriter for a brokerage commission, finders fee or like payment in connection with the offering and
sale of the Shares. 

(mm) No Registration Rights. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, no person has the right to require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to register any securities for sale under the Securities Act by reason of the filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission, the
issuance and sale of the Shares by the Company. 

(nn) No Stabilization. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its affiliates has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of the
Shares. 

(oo) Margin Rules. Neither the issuance, sale and delivery of the Shares nor the application of the
proceeds thereof by the Company as described in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other regulation
of such Board of Governors. 

(pp) Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) included in any of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been
disclosed other than in good faith. 

(qq) Statistical and Market Data. Nothing has come to the attention of the
Company that has caused the Company to believe that the statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is not based on or derived from sources
that are reliable and accurate in all material respects. 

-18- 

(rr) Sarbanes-Oxley Act. There is and has been no failure on the part
of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications.

(ss) Status under the Securities Act. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective
amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or any offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) under the Securities Act) of the Shares and at the date hereof, the Company was not
and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

(tt) No Ratings.
There are (and prior to the Closing Date, will be) no debt securities, convertible securities or preferred stock issued or guaranteed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries that are rated by a nationally recognized statistical rating
organization, as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act. 

(uu) Reserved Share
Program. The Company represents and warrants that (i) the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses comply in all material respects, and
any further amendments or supplements thereto will comply in all material respects, with any applicable laws or regulations of foreign jurisdictions in which the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus and any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, are distributed in connection with the Reserved Share Program, and that (ii) no authorization, approval, consent, license, order, registration or qualification of or with any
government, governmental instrumentality or court, other than such as have been obtained, is necessary under the securities laws and regulations of foreign jurisdictions in which the Reserved Securities are offered outside the United States. The
Company has not offered, or caused the underwriters to offer, Shares to any person pursuant to the Reserved Share Program with the specific intent to unlawfully influence (i) a customer or supplier of the Company to alter the customer or
suppliers level or type of business with the Company, or (ii) a trade journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or its products. 

4. Further Agreements of the Company Parties. Each Company Party covenants and agrees with each Underwriter that: 

(a) Required Filings. The Company will file the final Prospectus with the Commission within the time periods specified
by Rule 424(b) and Rule 430A, 430B or 430C under the Securities Act, will file any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act; and the Company will furnish copies of the Prospectus and each Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus (to the extent not previously delivered) to the Underwriters in New York City prior to 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on the business day next succeeding the date of this Agreement in such quantities as the Representatives may
reasonably request. 

-19- 

(b) Delivery of Copies. The Company will deliver, if requested,
without charge, (i) to the Representatives, two signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto, in each case including all exhibits and consents filed therewith; and (ii) to each Underwriter
(A) a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto (without exhibits) and (B) during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below), as many copies of the Prospectus (including all
amendments and supplements thereto and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus) as the Representatives may reasonably request. As used herein, the term Prospectus Delivery Period means such period of time after the first date of the public
offering of the Shares as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters a prospectus relating to the Shares is required by law to be delivered (or required to be delivered but for Rule 172 under the Securities Act) in connection with sales of the
Shares by any Underwriter or dealer. 

(c) Amendments or Supplements, Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Before
making, preparing, using, authorizing, approving, referring to or filing any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and before filing any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, the Company
will furnish to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters a copy of the proposed Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, amendment or supplement for review and will not make, prepare, use, authorize, approve, refer to or file any such Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus or file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Representatives reasonably and timely object in writing (which may be by electronic mail) to the Company. 

(d) Notice to the Representatives. The Company will advise the Representatives promptly, and confirm such advice in
writing (which may be by electronic mail), (i) when the Registration Statement has become effective; (ii) when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective; (iii) when any supplement to the Pricing
Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication or any amendment to the Prospectus has been filed
or distributed; (iv) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or the receipt of any comments from the Commission relating to the Registration Statement or
any other request by the Commission for any additional information including, but not limited to, any request for information concerning any Testing-the-Waters
Communication; (v) of the issuance by the Commission or any other governmental or regulatory authority of any order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus,
any of the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication or the initiation or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatening
of any proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act; (vi) of the occurrence of any event or development within the Prospectus Delivery Period as a result of which the Prospectus, any of the Pricing Disclosure
Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package, any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication is 

-20- 

delivered to a purchaser, not misleading; and (vii) of the receipt by the Company of any notice with respect to any suspension of the qualification of the Shares for offer and sale in any
jurisdiction or the initiation or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; and the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement, preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, any of the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or any Written
Testing-the-Waters Communication or suspending any such qualification of the Shares and, if any such order is issued, will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain as
soon as possible the withdrawal thereof. 

(e) Ongoing Compliance. (1) If during the Prospectus Delivery Period
(i) any event or development shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with applicable law, the Company
will promptly notify the Underwriters thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph (c) above, file with the Commission and furnish to the Underwriters and to such dealers as the Representatives may designate such amendments or
supplements to the Prospectus as may be necessary so that the statements in the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, be misleading or so that
the Prospectus will comply with applicable law and (2) if at any time prior to the Closing Date (i) any event or development shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which the Pricing Disclosure Package as then amended or
supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Pricing Disclosure Package is delivered to a
purchaser, not misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package to comply with applicable law, the Company will promptly notify the Underwriters thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph
(c) above, file with the Commission (to the extent required) and furnish to the Underwriters and to such dealers as the Representatives may designate, such amendments or supplements to the Pricing Disclosure Package as may be necessary so that
the statements in the Pricing Disclosure Package as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Pricing Disclosure Package is delivered to a purchaser, be misleading or so that the Pricing Disclosure
Package will comply with law. 

(f) Blue Sky Compliance. If required by applicable law, the Company will qualify the
Shares for offer and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Representatives shall reasonably request and will continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for distribution of the Shares; provided
that the Company shall not be required to (i) qualify as a foreign corporation or other entity or as a dealer in securities in any such jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to so qualify, (ii) file any general consent to
service of process in any such jurisdiction or (iii) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction if it is not otherwise so subject. 

-21- 

(g) Earning Statement. The Company will make generally available to
its security holders and the Representatives as soon as practicable an earning statement that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Commission promulgated thereunder covering a period of at least
twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after the effective date (as defined in Rule 158) of the Registration Statement; provided that the Company will be deemed to comply with such requirement by
furnishing such earnings statements on the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system of any successor thereto (EDGAR). 

(h) Clear Market. For a period of 180 days after the date of the Prospectus, neither Company Party will, or will
publicly disclose an intention to, (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend or otherwise transfer or
dispose of, directly or indirectly, or submit to, or file with, the Commission a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to, any shares of Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Stock, or
(ii) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Stock or any such other securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is
to be settled by delivery of Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, without the prior written consent of each of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC and Piper Sandler & Co., other than the Shares to be sold hereunder.

The restrictions described above do not apply to (i) the issuance of shares of Stock or securities convertible into
or exercisable for shares of Stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities or the exercise of warrants or options (including net exercise) or the settlement of restricted stock units (RSUs)
(including net settlement), in each case outstanding on the date of this Agreement and described in the Prospectus; (ii) grants of stock options, stock awards, restricted stock, RSUs, or other equity awards and the issuance of shares of Stock
or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Stock (whether upon the exercise of stock options or otherwise) to the Companys employees, officers, directors, advisors, or consultants pursuant to the terms of an
equity compensation plan in effect as of the Closing Date and described in the Prospectus; (iii) the filing of any registration statement on Form S-8 relating to securities granted or to be granted
pursuant to any plan described in the Prospectus or any assumed benefit plan pursuant to an acquisition or similar strategic transaction; (iv) the issuance of shares of Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for
shares of Stock in connection with the Organizational Transactions; and (v) the issuance of Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Stock as consideration for the acquisition of equity interests or assets of any
person, or the acquisition by the Company by any other manner of any business, properties, assets or persons, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, or the filing of a registration statement relating to such securities (and the
inclusion of other securities pursuant to piggyback registration rights in existence on the date of this Agreement or described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus); provided that with respect to clause
(v) above no more than an aggregate of 10% of the number of shares of the Companys capital stock outstanding immediately after the issuance and sale of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement are issued. 

-22- 

If each of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC and Piper
Sandler & Co., in their sole discretion, agree to release or waive the restrictions set forth in a lock-up letter described in Section 6(l) hereof for an officer or director of the Company and
provide the Company with notice of the impending release or waiver substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto at least three business days before the effective date of the release or waiver, the Company agrees to announce the impending release or
waiver substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto through a major news service at least two business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. 

(i) Use of Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares as described in each of the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the heading Use of Proceeds. 

(j) No Stabilization. Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its
affiliates will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would reasonably be expected to cause or result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Stock. 

(k) Exchange Listing. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to list, subject to notice of issuance, the
Shares on the New York Stock Exchange (the Exchange). 

(l) Reports. For a period of two years from the
date of this Agreement, the Company will furnish to the Representatives, as soon as they are available, copies of all reports or other communications (financial or other) furnished to holders of the Shares, and copies of any reports and financial
statements furnished to or filed with the Commission or any national securities exchange or automatic quotation system; provided the Company will be deemed to have furnished such reports and financial statements to the Representatives to the
extent they are filed on EDGAR. 

(m) Record Retention. The Company will, pursuant to reasonable procedures developed
in good faith, retain copies of each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 433 under the Securities Act. 

(n) Filings. The Company will file with the Commission such reports as may be required by Rule 463 under the Securities
Act. 

(o) Reserved Share Program. The Company will comply with all applicable securities and other laws, rules and
regulations in each jurisdiction in which the Reserved Shares are offered in connection with the Reserved Share Program. 

(p) Emerging Growth Company. The Company will promptly notify the Representatives if the Company ceases to be an
Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the later of (i) completion of the distribution of Shares within the meaning of the Securities Act and (ii) completion of the 180-day restricted period
referred to in Section 4(h) hereof. 

-23- 

5. Certain Agreements of the Underwriters. Each Underwriter hereby
severally represents and agrees that: 

(a) It has not and will not use, authorize use of, refer to or participate in the
planning for use of, any free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (which term includes use of any written information furnished to the Commission by the Company and any press release issued by the Company)
other than (i) a free writing prospectus that contains no issuer information (as defined in Rule 433(h)(2) under the Securities Act) that was not included (including through incorporation by reference) in the Preliminary Prospectus
or a previously filed Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, (ii) any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus listed on Annex A or prepared pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 4(c) above (including any electronic road show), or (iii) any free
writing prospectus prepared by such underwriter and approved by the Company in advance in writing (each such free writing prospectus referred to in clauses (i) or (iii), an Underwriter Free Writing Prospectus). 

(b) It has not and will not, without the prior written consent of the Company, use any free writing prospectus that contains
the final terms of the Shares unless such terms have previously been included in a free writing prospectus filed with the Commission; provided that Underwriters may use a term sheet substantially in the form of Annex C hereto without the
consent of the Company; provided further that any Underwriter using such term sheet shall notify the Company, and provide a copy of such term sheet to the Company, prior to, or substantially concurrently with, the first use of such term
sheet. 

(c) It is not subject to any pending proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act with respect to the
Offering (and will promptly notify the Company if any such proceeding against it is initiated during the Prospectus Delivery Period). 

6.
Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligation of each Underwriter to purchase the Underwritten Shares on the Closing Date or the Option Shares on the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, as provided herein
is subject to the performance by the Company Parties of their covenants and other obligations hereunder and to the following additional conditions: 

(a) Registration Compliance; No Stop Order. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall be
in effect, and no proceeding for such purpose or pursuant to Section 8A under the Securities Act shall be pending before or threatened by the Commission; the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall have been timely filed with
the Commission under the Securities Act (in the case of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act) and in accordance with Section 4(a) hereof; and all requests by the Commission for
additional information related to or otherwise affecting the offer and sale of the Shares shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representatives. 

-24- 

(b) Representations and Warranties. The representations and
warranties of the Company Parties contained herein shall be true and correct on the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be; and the statements of the Company Parties and its officers made in
any certificates delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. 

(c) No Material Adverse Change. No event or condition of a type described in Section 3(h) hereof shall have
occurred or shall exist, which event or condition is not described in the Pricing Disclosure Package (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto) and the Prospectus (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto) and the effect of which in the
judgment of the Representatives makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Shares on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, on the terms and in the manner contemplated by
this Agreement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(d) Officers Certificate.
The Representatives shall have received on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, a certificate of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of each Company Party and one additional senior
executive officer of each Company Party who is reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, on behalf of the Company Parties, and not in their personal capacities, (i) confirming that such officers have carefully reviewed the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and, to the knowledge of such officers, the representations of the Company Parties set forth in Sections 3(b) and 3(d) hereof are true and correct, (ii) confirming that the other
representations and warranties of the Company Parties in this Agreement are true and correct and that the Company Parties have complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior
to the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, and (iii) to the effect set forth in paragraphs (a) and (c) above. 

(e) Comfort Letters. (i) On the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as
the case may be, each of PwC and GT shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the request of the Company, letters, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Representatives, containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in
each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; provided, that the letter delivered on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, shall use a
cut-off date no more than two business days prior to such Closing Date or such Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. 

(ii) On the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, the Company shall have furnished
to the Representatives a certificate, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Underwriters, of its chief financial officer with respect to certain financial data contained in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, providing management comfort with respect to such information, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives. 

-25- 

(f) Opinions and 10b-5 Statement
of Counsel for the Company Parties. Sidley Austin LLP, counsel for the Company, shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the request of the Company Parties, their written opinion and 10b-5
statement, dated the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives. 

(g) Opinion and 10b-5 Statement of Counsel for the Underwriters. The
Representatives shall have received on and as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, an opinion and 10b-5 statement, addressed to the Underwriters, of Latham & Watkins
LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, with respect to such matters as the Representatives may reasonably request, and such counsel shall have received such documents and information as they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such
matters. 

(h) No Legal Impediment to Issuance and/or Sale. No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule,
regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any federal, state or foreign governmental or regulatory authority that would, as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, prevent the issuance or sale
of the Shares by the Company; and no injunction or order of any federal, state or foreign court shall have been issued that would, as of the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, prevent the issuance or sale of the Shares
by the Company. 

(i) Good Standing. The Representatives shall have received on and as of the Closing Date or the
Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the Company and the Companys significant subsidiaries in their respective jurisdictions of organization, in each case in writing or any standard form of
telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions. 

(j) Exchange Listing. The
Shares to be delivered on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, shall have been approved for listing on the Exchange, subject to official notice of issuance. 

(k) Lock-up Agreements. The
lock-up agreements, each substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, between you and each of the persons included in Schedule 3 hereto, relating to sales and certain other
dispositions of shares of Stock or certain other securities, delivered to you on or before the date hereof, shall be full force and effect on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be. 

(l) Additional Documents. On or prior to the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, the
Company shall have furnished to the Representatives such further certificates and documents as the Representatives may reasonably request. 

(m) Organizational Transactions. Prior to or substantially concurrent with the Closing Date, the Organizational
Transactions shall have been consummated in a manner substantially consistent with the description thereof in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

-26- 

(n) No Objection. FINRA has confirmed that it has not raised any
objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the underwriting terms and arrangements relating to the offering of the Shares. 

All opinions, letters, certificates and evidence mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be deemed to be in compliance with the
provisions hereof only if they are in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters. 

7. Indemnification
and Contribution. 

(a) Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company Parties, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify and
hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, directors and officers and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against any
and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including, without limitation, reasonable and documented legal fees and any and all other reasonable and documented expenses incurred in connection with any suit, action or proceeding or any claim
asserted, as such fees and expenses are incurred), joint or several, that arise out of, or are based upon, (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or caused by any omission
or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, not misleading, or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in
the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any issuer information filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act, any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, any road show as defined in Rule 433(h) under the Securities Act (a road show) or any Pricing Disclosure Package (including any
Pricing Disclosure Package that has subsequently been amended), or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, in each case except insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with
any information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter
consists of the information described as such in paragraph (b) below. 

The Company Parties also agree to indemnify and hold harmless,
Piper Sandler & Co., its affiliates, directors and officers and each person, if any, who controls Piper Sandler & Co. within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and
against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities incurred as a result of Piper Sandler & Co.s participation as the QIU in connection with the offering of the Shares; provided, however, that the Company Parties
shall not be liable in any such case to the extent that it is determined in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction that such losses, claims, damages and liabilities resulted directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
Piper Sandler & Co. 

-27- 

(b) Indemnification of the Company Parties. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and
not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless each Company Party, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls a Company Party within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act to the same extent as the indemnity set forth in paragraph (a) above, but only with respect to any losses, claims, damages or liabilities that arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission
or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information relating to such Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the
Registration Statement, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Written
Testing-the-Waters Communication, any road show or any Pricing Disclosure Package (including any Pricing Disclosure Package that has subsequently been amended), it being
understood and agreed upon that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the following information in the Prospectus furnished on behalf of each Underwriter: the concession and reallowance figures appearing in the fourth
paragraph under the caption Underwriting, the information contained in the second and third sentences of the ninth paragraph under the caption Underwriting and the information contained in the seventeenth, eighteenth and
nineteenth paragraphs under the caption Underwriting. 

(c) Notice and Procedures. If any suit, action, proceeding
(including any governmental or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against any person in respect of which indemnification may be sought pursuant to the preceding paragraphs of this Section 7, such person (the
Indemnified Person) shall promptly notify the person against whom such indemnification may be sought (the Indemnifying Person) in writing; provided that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve
it from any liability that it may have under the preceding paragraphs of this Section 7 except to the extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses) by such failure; and provided,
further, that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an Indemnified Person otherwise than under the preceding paragraphs of this Section 7. If any such proceeding shall be
brought or asserted against an Indemnified Person and it shall have notified the Indemnifying Person thereof, the Indemnifying Person shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person (who shall not, without the consent of the
Indemnified Person, be counsel to the Indemnifying Person) to represent the Indemnified Person and any others entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Section 7 that the Indemnifying Person may designate in such proceeding and shall pay the
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses in such proceeding and shall pay the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of such counsel related to such proceeding, as incurred. In any such proceeding, any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and
expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless (i) the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified Person shall have mutually agreed to the contrary; (ii) the Indemnifying Person has failed within a
reasonable time to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person; (iii) the Indemnified Person shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or in addition to those
available to the Indemnifying Person; or (iv) the named parties in any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified Person and representation of both parties by the same counsel
would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. It is understood and agreed that the Indemnifying Person shall not, in connection with any 

-28- 

proceeding or related proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel) for all
Indemnified Persons, and that all such reasonable and documented fees and expenses shall be paid or reimbursed promptly after they are incurred; provided, however, that if indemnity may be sought pursuant to the second paragraph of
Section 9(a) above in respect of such proceeding, then in addition to such separate firm of the Underwriters, their affiliates, directors, officers and such control persons of the Underwriters the indemnifying party shall be liable for the fees
and expenses of not more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel) for Piper Sandler & Co. in its capacity as the QIU, its affiliates, directors, officers and all persons, if any, who control Piper Sandler & Co.
within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act. Any such separate firm for any Underwriter, its affiliates, directors and officers and any control persons of such Underwriter shall be
designated in writing by the Representatives and any such separate firm for the Company, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and any control persons of the Company shall be designated in writing by the Company. The
Indemnifying Person shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for
the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Person agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. No Indemnifying Person shall, without the written consent of the Indemnified Person,
effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnification could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement
(x) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person, from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (y) does not
include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person. 

(d)
Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in paragraphs (a) or (b) above is unavailable to an Indemnified Person or insufficient in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to therein, then each Indemnifying
Person under such paragraph, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (i) in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company Parties, on the one hand, and the Underwriters or Piper Sandler & Co. in its capacity as the QIU, as the case may be, on the other, from the offering of the Shares
or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) but also the relative fault of the Company
Parties, on the one hand, and the Underwriters or Piper Sandler & Co. in its capacity as the QIU, as the case may be, on the other, in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities,
as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company Parties, on the one hand, and the Underwriters or Piper Sandler & Co. in its capacity as the QIU, as the case may be, on the other, shall
be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the net proceeds (before deducting expenses) received by the Company Parties from the sale of the Shares and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters in
connection therewith, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover of the Prospectus, bear to the aggregate offering price of the Shares. The relative fault of the Company Parties, on the one hand, and the Underwriters or Piper
Sandler & Co. in its capacity as the QIU, 

-29- 

as the case may be, on the other, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to
state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company Parties or by the Underwriters or Piper Sandler & Co. in its capacity as the QIU, as the case may be, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to
information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

(e) Limitation on Liability. The Company Parties, on
the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to paragraph (d) above were determined by prorata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one
entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in paragraph (d) above. The amount paid or payable by an Indemnified Person as a result of the losses, claims,
damages and liabilities referred to in paragraph (d) above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any reasonable and documented legal or other reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs (d) and (e), in no event shall an Underwriter be
required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect to the offering of the Shares exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has
otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled
to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to paragraphs (d) and (e) are several in proportion to their respective purchase obligations
hereunder and not joint. 

(f) Non-Exclusive Remedies. The remedies provided for in
paragraphs (a) through (e) of this Section 7 are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available to any Indemnified Person at law or in equity. 

(g) Reserved Share Program Indemnification. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Reserved Share Underwriter, its
affiliates, directors and officers and each person, if any, who controls the Reserved Share Underwriter within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each a Reserved Share
Underwriter Entity) from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including, without limitation, any reasonable and documented legal fees and other reasonable and documented expenses incurred in connection with
defending or investigating any suit, action or proceeding or any claim asserted, as such fees and expenses are incurred) (i) caused by any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any material prepared by or
with the consent of the Company for distribution to Invitees in connection with the Reserved Share Program or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; (ii) caused by the failure of any Invitee to pay for and accept delivery of Reserved Securities that the Invitee agreed to purchase; or (iii) related to, arising out of, or in
connection with the Reserved Share Program, other than losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or expenses relating thereto) that are finally judicially determined to have resulted from the bad faith or gross negligence of the Reserved Share
Underwriter Entities. 

-30- 

(h) In case any proceeding (including any governmental investigation) shall be instituted
involving J.P. Morgan in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to paragraph (g) above, J.P. Morgan shall promptly notify the Company in writing and the Company, upon request of J.P. Morgan, shall retain counsel reasonably
satisfactory to J.P. Morgan to represent J.P. Morgan and any others the Company may designate in such proceeding and shall pay the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of such counsel related to such proceeding. In any such proceeding,
J.P. Morgan shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such J.P. Morgan unless (i) the Company and J.P. Morgan shall have mutually agreed to the retention of such
counsel, (ii) the Company has failed within a reasonable time to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to J.P. Morgan, (iii) J.P. Morgan shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different
from or in addition to those available to the Company or (iv) the named parties to any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the Company and J.P. Morgan and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be
inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. The Company shall not, in respect of the legal expenses of J.P. Morgan in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the
reasonable and documented fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel) for J.P. Morgan. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled
with such consent, the Company agrees to indemnify J.P. Morgan from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of J.P. Morgan, which shall not be unreasonably withheld,
delayed or conditioned, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which J.P. Morgan is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by J.P. Morgan, unless (x) such settlement
includes an unconditional release of J.P. Morgan from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (y) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf
of J.P. Morgan. 

(i) To the extent the indemnification provided for in paragraph (g) above is unavailable to J.P. Morgan or
insufficient in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to therein, then the Company in lieu of indemnifying J.P. Morgan, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by J.P. Morgan as a result of such losses, claims,
damages or liabilities (1) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and J.P. Morgan on the other hand from the offering of the Reserved Shares or (2) if the allocation
provided by clause 7(i)(1) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause 7(i)(1) above but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of
J.P. Morgan on the other hand in connection with any statements or omissions that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company on the
one hand and J.P. Morgan on the other hand in connection with the offering of the Reserved Shares shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the net proceeds from the offering of the Reserved Shares (before deducting expenses) and
the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by J.P. Morgan for the Reserved Shares, bear to the aggregate public offering price of the Reserved Shares. If the loss, claim, damage or liability is caused by an untrue or alleged untrue
statement of material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and J.P. Morgan on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue
or alleged untrue statement or the omission or alleged omission relates to information supplied by the Company or by J.P. Morgan and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
statement or omission. 

-31- 

(j) The Company and J.P. Morgan agree that it would be not just or equitable if contribution
pursuant to paragraph (i) above were determined by pro rata allocation (even if J.P. Morgan were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to
in paragraph (i) above. The amount paid or payable by J.P. Morgan as a result of the losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth
above, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by J.P. Morgan in connection with investigating or defending such any action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (i) above, J.P. Morgan shall not be required to contribute
any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Reserved Shares distributed to the public were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages that J.P. Morgan has otherwise been required to pay. No person guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The remedies provided for in paragraphs
(g) through (j) are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available to any indemnified party at law or in equity. 

(k) The indemnity and contribution provisions contained in paragraphs (g) through (j) shall remain operative and in full force and effect
regardless of (i) any termination of this Agreement, (ii) any investigation made by or on behalf of J.P. Morgan, its officers or directors or any person controlling the Company and (iii) acceptance of and payment for any of the
Reserved Shares. 

8. Effectiveness of Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above. 

9. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated in the absolute discretion of the Representatives, by notice to the Company Parties,
if after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and on or prior to the Closing Date or, in the case of the Option Shares, prior to the Additional Closing Date (i) trading generally shall have been suspended or materially limited on or by
any of the New York Stock Exchange or The Nasdaq Stock Market; (ii) trading of any securities issued or guaranteed by any Company Party shall have been suspended on any exchange or in any over-the-counter market; (iii) a general moratorium on commercial banking activities shall have been declared by federal or New York State authorities; or (iv) there shall have occurred any outbreak
or escalation of hostilities or any change in financial markets or any calamity or crisis, either within or outside the United States, that, in the judgment of the Representatives, is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to
proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Shares on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

-32- 

10. Defaulting Underwriter. 

(a) If, on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, any Underwriter defaults on its obligation to purchase the
Shares that it has agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, the non-defaulting Underwriters may in their discretion arrange for the purchase of such Shares by other persons satisfactory to the Company on the
terms contained in this Agreement. If, within 36 hours after any such default by any Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters do not arrange for the purchase of such Shares, then the Company shall be
entitled to a further period of 36 hours within which to procure other persons satisfactory to the non-defaulting Underwriters to purchase such Shares on such terms. If other persons become obligated or agree
to purchase the Shares of a defaulting Underwriter, either the non-defaulting Underwriters or the Company may postpone the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, for up to five full
business days in order to effect any changes that in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters may be necessary in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or in any other document or arrangement, and the Company
agrees to promptly prepare any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that effects any such changes. As used in this Agreement, the term Underwriter includes, for all purposes of this Agreement unless
the context otherwise requires, any person not listed in Schedule 1 hereto that, pursuant to this Section 10, purchases Shares that a defaulting Underwriter agreed but failed to purchase. 

(b) If, after giving effect to any arrangements for the purchase of the Shares of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Company as provided in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate number of Shares that remain unpurchased on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be,
does not exceed one-eleventh of the aggregate number of Shares to be purchased on such date, then the Company shall have the right to require each non-defaulting
Underwriter to purchase the number of Shares that such Underwriter agreed to purchase hereunder on such date plus such Underwriters pro rata share (based on the number of Shares that such Underwriter agreed to purchase on such date) of the
Shares of such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters for which such arrangements have not been made. 

(c) If, after giving effect to any
arrangements for the purchase of the Shares of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Company as provided in paragraph (a) above, the aggregate number of
Shares that remain unpurchased on the Closing Date or the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, exceeds one-eleventh of the aggregate amount of Shares to be purchased on such date, or if the Company
shall not exercise the right described in paragraph (b) above, then this Agreement or, with respect to any Additional Closing Date, the obligation of the Underwriters to purchase Shares on the Additional Closing Date, as the case may be, shall
terminate without liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters. Any termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10 shall be without liability on the part of the Company Parties,
except that the Company Parties will continue to be liable for the payment of expenses as set forth in Section 11 hereof and except that the provisions of Section 7 hereof shall not terminate and shall remain in effect. 

(d) Nothing contained herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of any liability it may have to the Company Parties or any non-defaulting Underwriter for damages caused by its default. 

-33- 

11. Payment of Expenses.

(a) Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, the Company Parties will
pay or cause to be paid all costs and expenses incident to the performance of their obligations hereunder, including without limitation, (i) the costs incident to the authorization, issuance, sale, preparation and delivery of the Shares and any
taxes payable in that connection; (ii) the costs incident to the preparation, printing and filing under the Securities Act of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus (including all exhibits, amendments and supplements thereto) and the distribution thereof; (iii) the costs of reproducing and distributing each of the Transaction Documents; (iv) the fees and expenses of the
Companys counsel and independent accountants; (v) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the registration or qualification and determination of eligibility for investment of the Shares under the laws of such jurisdictions as
the Representatives may designate and the preparation, printing and distribution of a Blue Sky Memorandum (including the related fees and expenses of counsel for the Underwriters); (vi) the cost of preparing stock certificates, if applicable;
(vii) the costs and charges of any transfer agent and any registrar; (viii) all expenses and application fees incurred in connection with any filing with, and clearance of the offering by, FINRA (including the related fees and expenses of
counsel for the Underwriters), provided that the fees and expenses pursuant to clauses (v) and (viii) shall not, in the aggregate, exceed $40,000; (ix) all expenses incurred by the Company in connection with any road show
presentation to potential investors (provided that all expenses related to chartered aircraft in connection with any road show presentation shall be split 50% by the Company and 50% by the Underwriters); (x) all expenses and application
fees related to the listing of the Shares on the Exchange; and (xi) all costs and expenses of J.P. Morgan, including the fees and disbursements of counsel for J.P. Morgan, in connection with matters related to the Reserved Securities which are
designated by the Company for sale to Invitees. 

(b) If (i) this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9, (ii) the Company
for any reason fails to tender the Shares for delivery to the Underwriters or (iii) the Underwriters decline to purchase the Shares for any reason permitted under this Agreement, the Company Parties agree to reimburse the Underwriters for all
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of their counsel) reasonably incurred by the Underwriters in connection with
this Agreement and the Offering contemplated hereby; provided that, in the case of a termination pursuant to Section 10(c) hereto, the Company shall only reimburse the non-defaulting Underwriters. 

12. Persons Entitled to Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and
their respective successors and the officers and directors and any controlling persons referred to herein and the affiliates of each Underwriter referred to in Section 7 hereof. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to
give any other person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision contained herein. No purchaser of Shares from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor merely by reason of such
purchase. 

-34- 

13. Survival. The respective indemnities, rights of contribution, representations,
warranties and agreements of the Company Parties and the Underwriters contained in this Agreement or made by or on behalf of the Company Parties or the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate delivered pursuant hereto shall
survive the delivery of and payment for the Shares and shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any termination of this Agreement or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company Parties or the Underwriters or the directors,
officers, controlling persons or affiliates referred to in Section 7 hereof. 

14. Certain Defined Terms. For purposes of this
Agreement, (a) except where otherwise expressly provided, the term affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act; (b) the term business day means any day other than a day on which banks
are permitted or required to be closed in New York City; (c) the term subsidiary has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act; and (d) the term significant subsidiary has the meaning set forth in
Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act. 

15.
Compliance with USA Patriot Act. In accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Underwriters are required to
obtain, verify and record information that identifies their respective clients, including the Company Parties, which information may include the name and address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the
Underwriters to properly identify their respective clients. 

16. Miscellaneous. 

(a) Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed
or transmitted and confirmed by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be given to the Representatives c/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179 (fax: (212) 622-8358), Attention: Equity Syndicate Desk; c/o Jefferies LLC, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022, Facsimile: (646) 619-4437, Attention: General Counsel; c/o Piper
Sandler & Co., 800 Nicollet Mall, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402, Attention: Equity Capital Markets and General Counsel, LegalCapMarkets@psc.com. Notices to the Company Parties shall be given at 1300 Post Oak Blvd, Suite 450, Houston, Texas
77056, (email: Joel.Lambert@flowco-inc.com); Attention: Joel Lambert, General Counsel. 

(b)
Governing Law. This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

(c) Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company Parties hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the U.S. federal and New
York state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Each of the Company Parties waives any objection which it may now
or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit or proceeding in such courts. Each of the Company Parties agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the
Company Parties and may be enforced in any court to the jurisdiction of which each Company Party is subject by a suit upon such judgment. 

-35- 

(d) Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the parties hereto hereby waives any right to trial
by jury in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 

(e) Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution
Regimes. 

(i) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S.
Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution
Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(ii) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S.
Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

As used in this Section 16(e): 

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12
U.S.C. 1841(k). 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81,
47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the
regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(f) Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts (which may include counterparts delivered by any standard form of
telecommunication), each of which shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement or
in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Agreement or the offering and sale of the Shares 

-36- 

shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf, tif or jpg) and
other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated,
received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the
Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

(g) Amendments or Waivers. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, nor any consent or approval to any departure
therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties hereto. 

(h) Headings. The
headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of, or to affect the meaning or interpretation of, this Agreement. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

-37- 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please indicate your acceptance
of this Agreement by signing in the space provided below. 

Very truly yours,

FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC.

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President

FLOWCO MERGECO LLC

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Accepted: As of the date first written above 

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

By: /s/ Bobby Wiebe

Name: Bobby Wiebe

Title: Vice President

JEFFERIES LLC

By: /s/ Daniel Anderson

Name: Daniel Anderson

Title: Managing Director

PIPER SANDLER & CO.

By: /s/ Terry Padden

Name: Terry Padden

Title: Managing Director

For themselves and on behalf of the

several Underwriters listed

in Schedule 1 hereto.

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

Schedule 1 

Underwriter Number of Shares 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 4,511,805 

Jefferies LLC 4,511,805 

Piper Sandler & Co. 3,007,870 

Evercore Group L.L.C. 2,142,593 

BMO Capital Markets Corp. 988,889 

Pareto Securities AS 988,889 

Perella Weingberg Partners LP 988,889 

Fearnley Securities AS 329,630 

PEP Advisory LLC 329,630 

Total 17,800,000 

Sch. 1-1 

Schedule 2 

Significant Subsidiaries 

Legal Name 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or

Organization

Estis Compression Management Inc. Delaware

Estis Compression LLC Delaware

Estis Intermediate Holdings LLC Delaware

Estis Management LLC Delaware

Flogistix, LP Texas

Flogistix GP, LLC Delaware

Flogistix Intermediate Holdings LLC Delaware

Flowco MasterCo LLC Delaware

Flowco MergeCo LLC Delaware

Flowco Productions LLC Delaware

FPS Logistics, L.L.C. Texas

FPS Properties LLC Texas

Gas Lift Production Solutions LLC Texas

Industrial Valve Manufacturing LLC Texas

McClung Energy Services, LLC Texas

McClung Management LLC Delaware

Patriot Artificial Lift LLC Texas

SPM Completion Systems LLC Texas

Sch. 2-1 

Schedule 3 

Lock-Up Parties 

1. Jonathan B. Fairbanks 

2. Ben A. Guill 

3. Alex Chmelev 

4. Paul A. Hobby 

5. Cynthia L. Walker 

6. William H. White 

7. Joseph R. Edwards 

8. Jonathan A. Byers 

9. John Gatlin 

10. Chad Roberts 

11. Mims Talton III 

12. Joel Lambert 

13. GEC Advisors LLC 

14. WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC 

15. Genesis Park II LP 

Sch 3-1 

Annex A 

a. Pricing Disclosure Package 

None 

b. Pricing Information Provided Orally by Underwriters 

Public Offering Price: $24.00 

Number of Underwritten Shares: 17,800,000 

Number of Option Shares: 2,670,000 

Annex A-1 

Annex B 

Written Testing-the-Waters Communications include: 

Testing the Waters Presentation dated December 2024 

Annex B-1 

Annex C 

Flowco Holdings Inc. 

Pricing
Term Sheet 

None 

Exhibit A 

Form of Waiver of Lock-up

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC, 

JEFFERIES LLC 

and

PIPER SANDLER & CO. 

Flowco Holdings Inc. 

Public
Offering of Common Stock 

, 2025 

[Name and
Address of 

Officer or Director 

Requesting Waiver] 

Dear Mr./Ms. [Name]: 

This letter is being
delivered to you in connection with the offering by Flowco Holdings Inc. (the Company) of ______ shares of common stock, $___ par value (the Common Stock), of the Company and the
lock-up letter dated __________________, 2025 (the Lock-up Letter), executed by you in connection with such offering, and your request for a [waiver]
[release] dated __________________, 2025, with respect to ______shares of Class A Common Stock (the Shares). 

J.P. Morgan
Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC and Piper Sandler & Co. hereby agree to [waive] [release] the transfer restrictions set forth in the Lock-up Letter, but only with respect to the Shares, effective
__________________, 2025; provided, however, that such [waiver] [release] is conditioned on the Company announcing the impending [waiver] [release] by press release through a major news service at least two business days before
effectiveness of such [waiver] [release]. This letter will serve as notice to the Company of the impending [waiver] [release]. 

Except as
expressly [waived] [released] hereby, the Lock-up Letter shall remain in full force and effect. 

Yours very truly,

[Signature of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Representatives]

[Name of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Representatives]

[Signature of Jefferies LLC Representatives]

[Name of Jefferies LLC Representatives]

[Signature of Piper Sandler & Co. Representatives]

[Name of Piper Sandler & Co. Representatives]

cc: Company

Exhibit B 

Form of Press Release 

Flowco Holdings
Inc. 

[Date] 

Flowco Holdings Inc.
(Company) announced today that J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC and Piper Sandler & Co., the lead book-running managers in the Companys recent public sale of _____ shares of Class A common stock, are
[waiving] [releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect to _____ shares of the Companys Class A common stock held by [certain officers or directors] [an officer or director] of the Company. The
[waiver] [release] will take effect on __________, 2025, and the shares may be sold on or after such date. 

This press release is not an offer for sale
of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer is prohibited, and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the United States
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Exhibit C 

FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT 

______, 2025 

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 

JEFFERIES LLC 

PIPER SANDLER & CO. 

As Representatives of 

the several Underwriters listed in 

Schedule 1 to the Underwriting 

Agreement referred to below 

c/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10179 

c/o Jefferies LLC 

520 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10022 

c/o Piper Sandler & Co. 

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020 

Re: Flowco
Holdings Inc. Public Offering 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned understands that J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC and Piper Sandler & Co., as representatives of the several
Underwriters (the Representatives), propose to enter into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Flowco Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and Flowco MergeCo LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, providing for the public offering (the Public Offering) by the several Underwriters named in Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriters), of Class A common stock, par value
$0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Securities). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Underwriting Agreement. 

In consideration of the Underwriters agreement to purchase and make the Public
Offering of the Securities, and for other good and valuable consideration receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Representatives on behalf of the Underwriters, the
undersigned will not, and will not cause any direct or indirect affiliate to, during the period beginning on the date of this letter agreement (this Letter Agreement) and ending at the close of business 180 days after the date of the
final prospectus relating to the Public Offering (the Prospectus) (such period, the Restricted Period), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to
sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock) or any
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock (including without limitation, Common Stock or such other securities which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by the undersigned in accordance with the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and securities which may be issued upon exercise of a stock option or warrant) (collectively with the Common Stock, the Lock-Up Securities),
(2) enter into any hedging, swap or other agreement or transaction that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction
described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise, (3) make any demand for, or exercise any right with respect to, the registration of any Lock-Up Securities, or (4) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing precludes the undersigned from engaging in any hedging or other
transactions or arrangements (including, without limitation, any short sale or the purchase or sale of, or entry into, any put or call option, or combination thereof, forward, swap or any other derivative transaction or instrument, however described
or defined) designed or intended, or which could reasonably be expected to lead to or result in, a sale or disposition or transfer (whether by the undersigned or any other person) of any economic consequences of ownership, in whole or in part,
directly or indirectly, of any Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction or arrangement (or instrument provided for thereunder) would be settled by delivery of
Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise. The undersigned further confirms that it has furnished the Representatives with the details of any transaction the undersigned, or any of its affiliates, is a party to
as of the date hereof, which transaction would have been restricted by this Letter Agreement if it had been entered into by the undersigned during the Restricted Period. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the undersigned may: 

(a) transfer the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities: 

(i) as a bona fide gift or gifts, or for bona fide estate planning purposes, 

(ii) by will or intestacy, 

(iii) to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned, or if the undersigned is
a trust, to a trustor or beneficiary of the trust or to the estate of a beneficiary of such trust (for purposes of this Letter Agreement, immediate family shall mean any relationship by blood, current or former marriage, domestic
partnership or adoption, not more remote than first cousin), 

(iv) to a partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which
the undersigned and the immediate family of the undersigned are the legal and beneficial owner of all of the outstanding equity securities or similar interests, 

(v) to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a disposition or transfer would
be permissible under clauses (i) through (iv) above, 

(vi) if the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, trust or other business entity, (A) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended)
of the undersigned, or to any investment fund or other entity controlling, controlled by, managing or managed by or under common control with the undersigned or affiliates of the undersigned (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where the
undersigned is a partnership, to its general partner or a successor partnership or fund, or any other funds managed by such partnership), or (B) as part of a distribution to members or shareholders of the undersigned, 

(vii) by operation of law, such as pursuant to a qualified domestic order, divorce settlement, divorce decree or separation agreement, 

(viii) to the Company from an employee of the Company upon death, disability or termination of employment, in each case, of such employee,

(ix) as part of a sale of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities acquired in open market
transactions after the closing date for the Public Offering, 

(x) to the Company in connection with the vesting, settlement, or exercise
of restricted stock units, options, warrants or other rights to purchase shares of Common Stock (including, in each case, by way of net or cashless exercise), including for the payment of exercise price and tax and remittance
payments due as a result of the vesting, settlement, or exercise of such restricted stock units, options, warrants or rights, provided that any such shares of Common Stock received upon such exercise, vesting or settlement shall be subject to the
terms of this Letter Agreement, and provided further that any such restricted stock units, options, warrants or rights are held by the undersigned pursuant to an agreement or equity awards granted under a stock incentive plan or other equity award
plan, each such agreement or plan which is described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, or 

(xi) pursuant to a bona fide third-party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction that is approved by the Board of
Directors of the Company and made to all holders of the Companys capital stock involving a Change of Control (as defined below) of the Company (for purposes hereof, Change of Control shall mean the transfer (whether by tender
offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, to a person or group of affiliated persons, of shares of capital stock if, after such transfer, such person or group of affiliated
persons would hold at least a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company (or the surviving entity)); provided that in the event that such tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction is not completed, the
undersigneds Lock-Up Securities shall remain subject to the provisions of this Letter Agreement; 

provided that (A) in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clause (a)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii), such transfer
shall not involve a disposition for value and each donee, devisee, transferee or distributee shall execute and deliver to the Representatives a lock-up letter in the form of this Letter Agreement, (B) in
the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clause (a) (i), 

(ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (ix) and (x), no filing by any party (donor, donee, devisee, transferor, transferee, distributer or distributee) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), or other public announcement shall be required or shall be made voluntarily in connection with such transfer or distribution (other than a filing on a Form 5 made after the expiration of the Restricted Period
referred to above) and (C) in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clause (a)(vi), (vii) and (viii) it shall be a condition to such transfer that no public filing, report or announcement shall be voluntarily made and if any
filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, or other public filing, report or announcement reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock in connection with such transfer or distribution shall be legally required
during the Restricted Period, such filing, report or announcement shall clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto the nature and conditions of such transfer; 

(b) exercise outstanding options, settle restricted stock units or other equity awards or exercise warrants pursuant to plans described in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; provided that any Lock-Up Securities received upon such exercise, vesting or settlement shall be subject to the terms of this Letter
Agreement; 

(c) convert outstanding preferred stock, warrants to acquire preferred stock or convertible securities into shares of Common
Stock or warrants to acquire shares of Common Stock; provided that any such shares of Common Stock or warrants received upon such conversion shall be subject to the terms of this Letter Agreement; and 

(d) establish trading plans pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of shares
of Lock-Up Securities; provided that (1) such plans do not provide for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities during the Restricted Period and (2) no filing
by any party under the Exchange Act or other public announcement shall be required or made voluntarily in connection with such trading plan. 

If the undersigned is not a natural person, the undersigned represents and warrants that no single natural person, entity or group
(within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the common equity interests, or 50% or more of the voting
power, in the undersigned. 

If the undersigned is an officer or director of the Company, the undersigned further agrees that the foregoing
provisions shall be equally applicable to any Company-directed Securities the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering. 

If the
undersigned is an officer or director of the Company, (i) the Representatives on behalf of the Underwriters agree that, at least three business days before the effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in connection
with a transfer of Lock-Up Securities, the Representatives on behalf of the Underwriters will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver, and (ii) the Company has agreed in the Underwriting
Agreement to announce the impending release or waiver through a major news service at least two business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted by the Representatives on behalf of the Underwriters
hereunder to any such officer or director shall only be effective two business days after the publication date of such announcement. The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a
transfer not for consideration or that is to an immediate family member as defined in FINRA Rule 5130(i)(5) and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this letter to the extent and for the duration
that such terms remain in effect at the time of the transfer. 

In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company, and any duly appointed transfer agent for the
registration or transfer of the securities described herein, are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of securities if such transfer would constitute a violation or breach of this Letter Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Letter Agreement. All
authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred and any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs or personal representatives of the undersigned. 

The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters have not provided any recommendation or investment advice nor have the
Underwriters solicited any action from the undersigned with respect to the Public Offering of the Securities and the undersigned has consulted their own legal, accounting, financial, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent deemed appropriate. The
undersigned further acknowledges and agrees that, although the Representatives may be required or choose to provide certain Regulation Best Interest and Form CRS disclosures to you in connection with the Public Offering, the Representatives and the
other Underwriters are not making a recommendation to you to enter into this Letter Agreement, and nothing set forth in such disclosures is intended to suggest that the Representatives or any Underwriter is making such a recommendation. 

The undersigned understands that, if the Underwriting Agreement does not become effective by ________, 2025, or if the Underwriting Agreement
(other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Common Stock to be sold thereunder, the undersigned shall be released from all obligations under this Letter
Agreement. The undersigned understands that the Underwriters are entering into the Underwriting Agreement and proceeding with the Public Offering in reliance upon this Letter Agreement. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

This Letter Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this
Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF STOCKHOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d857846dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC.

a Delaware corporation 

Flowco Holdings Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the
Corporation), hereby certifies as follows: 

A. The name of the Corporation is Flowco Holdings Inc. The
Corporations original certificate of incorporation was filed with the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 25, 2024. 

B. This amended and restated certificate of incorporation (this Certificate of Incorporation) was duly adopted in
accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended (the DGCL), restates and amends the provisions of the Corporations certificate of incorporation and has been
duly approved by the written consent of the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL. 

C. The text
of the certificate of incorporation of this Corporation is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: 

ARTICLE I

NAME 

The name of
the Corporation is Flowco Holdings Inc. 

ARTICLE II 

REGISTERED OFFICE 

The
address of the Corporations registered office in the State of Delaware is 108 Lakeland Avenue, City of Dover, County of Kent, Delaware 19901. The name of its registered agent at such address is Capitol Services, Inc. 

ARTICLE III 

PURPOSE

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL.

1 

ARTICLE IV 

CAPITAL STOCK 

4.1.
Authorized Capital Stock and Recapitalization. 

(a) Authorized Capital Stock. The total number of shares of all classes of
capital stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 460,000,000 shares, consisting of three classes as follows: 

(i) 300,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
(Class A Common Stock); 

(ii) 150,000,000 shares of Class B
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Class B Common Stock); and 

(iii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Preferred Stock). 

(b) Recapitalization. Effective upon the filing of this Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware, all shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation issued and outstanding immediately prior to the filing of this Certificate of Incorporation (the Existing Common Stock) shall be
recapitalized, reclassified and reconstituted into one fully paid and non-assessable share of Class A Common Stock (the Recapitalization). The Recapitalization shall occur
automatically without any further action by the holders of Existing Common Stock. The outstanding stock certificate that, immediately prior to the Recapitalization, represented the outstanding Existing Common Shares shall, upon and after the
Recapitalization, be deemed to represent one share of Class A Common Stock, without the need for surrender or exchange thereof. 

4.2.
Increase or Decrease in Authorized Capital Stock. Subject to any limitations prescribed by that certain Stockholders Agreement, dated effective as of January 17, 2025, by and among the Corporation and the other Persons party thereto (as
such agreement may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Stockholders Agreement), the number of authorized shares of Class A Common Stock,
Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL (or any successor provision thereto), voting together as a single class, without a separate vote of the holders of the class or classes
the number of authorized shares of which are being increased or decreased, unless a vote by any holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock is required by the express terms of any series of Preferred Stock as provided for or fixed pursuant to
the provisions of Section 4.4 of this Certificate of Incorporation. 

2 

4.3. Common Stock. The powers, preferences and rights of the Class A Common
Stock and the Class B Common stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof are as follows: 

(a) Voting
Rights. Except as otherwise required by law: 

(i) the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled
to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders of the Corporation on which the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock are entitled to vote, whether voting separately as a class or otherwise; 

(ii) the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each properly
submitted to the stockholders of the Corporation on which holders of shares of Class B Common Stock are entitled to vote, whether voting separately as a class or otherwise; 

(iii) except as otherwise required in this Certificate of Incorporation or by the DGCL, the holders of shares of Class A
Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall vote together as a single class (or, if any holders of shares of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, as a single
class with such holders of Preferred Stock) on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation; and 

(iv) the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall not have cumulative voting rights.

Except as otherwise required by law or this Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the rights of the holders of shares of Preferred
Stock, if any, at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall have the right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly submitted to a vote of the
stockholders; provided, however, that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of shares of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation that relates solely to the terms, number
of shares, powers, designations, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other special rights (including, without limitation, voting rights), or to qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of one or more outstanding series of
Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation or pursuant to the DGCL. 

(b) Dividends and Distributions. Subject to the rights of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock, the holders of shares of Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions (payable in cash, property or capital stock of the Corporation) when, as and if declared thereon by the board of directors of the Corporation (the
Board) from time to time out of any assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions. Other than in connection with a dividend
declared by the Board in connection with a poison pill or similar stockholder rights plan, dividends shall not be declared or paid on the Class B Common Stock and the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock shall have no
right to receive dividends in respect of such shares of Class B Common Stock. 

3 

(c) Liquidation Rights. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation, and subject to the rights of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock
in respect thereof, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all of the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, ratably in proportion to
the number of shares of Common Stock held by them; provided, however, that the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to receive $0.0001 per share, and upon receiving such amount, the holders of shares of
Class B Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to receive any other assets or funds of the Corporation. A consolidation, reorganization or merger of the Corporation with any other Person or Persons (as defined below), or a sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, shall not be considered to be a dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation within the meaning of this Section 4.3(c). 

4.4. Class B Common Stock. 

(a) From and after the effectiveness of this Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the
Effective Time), shares of Class B Common Stock may be issued only to, and registered only in the name of, the Existing Owners (as defined below), their respective successors and assigns as well as their Permitted
Transferees (as defined below) in accordance with Section 4.6 (including all subsequent successors, assigns and Permitted Transferees) (the Existing Owners together with such Persons, collectively, the Permitted
Class B Owners) and the aggregate number of shares of Class B Common Stock at any time registered in the name of each such Permitted Class B Owner must be equal to the aggregate number of
Common Units (as defined below) held of record at such time by such Permitted Class B Owner under the LLC Agreement (as defined below). As used in this Certificate of Incorporation: (i) Existing Owner means each of the
holders of Common Units (other than the Corporation) of Flowco MergeCo LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Flowco LLC, as set forth on Schedule I of the LLC Agreement (as defined below) (as such Schedule I may be
amended from time to time in accordance with the LLC Agreement); (ii) Common Unit means a membership interest in Flowco LLC, authorized and issued under the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of
Flowco LLC, dated as January 15, 2025, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the LLC Agreement), and constituting a Common
Unit as defined in such LLC Agreement; and (iii) Permitted Transferee has the meaning given to it in the LLC Agreement, and includes any other Person otherwise permitted to be a transferee of Common Units under the
LLC Agreement. 

(b) The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, undertake all necessary and appropriate action to
ensure that the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued by the Corporation at any time to, or otherwise held of record by, any Permitted Class B Owner shall be equal to the aggregate number of Common Units held of record by such
Permitted Class B Owner in accordance with the terms of the LLC Agreement. 

4 

(c) In the event that there is a merger, consolidation or Change of Control (as defined
below) of the Corporation that was approved by the Board of Directors prior to such merger, consolidation or Change of Control, then the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock, solely in their capacities as such, shall not be entitled to
receive more than $0.0001 per share of Class B Common Stock, whether in the form of consideration for such shares or in the form of a distribution of the proceeds of a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation with
respect to such shares. 

4.5. Preferred Stock. 

(a) Subject to any limitations prescribed by law or the Stockholders Agreement, the Board is expressly authorized to issue from time to time
shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series pursuant to a resolution or resolutions providing for such issue duly adopted by the Board. The Board is further authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by law, to fix by resolution or
resolutions and to set forth in a certification of designation filed pursuant to the DGCL the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations or
restrictions thereof, if any, of any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock, including, without limitation, dividend rights, dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including, without limitation, sinking
fund provisions), redemption price or prices and liquidation preferences of any such series, and the number of shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof, or any of the foregoing. 

(b) The Board is further authorized to increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the class) or decrease (but not below
the number of shares of any such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock, the number of which was fixed by it, subsequent to the issuance of shares of such series then outstanding, subject to the powers,
preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, stated in this Certificate of Incorporation or the resolution of the Board originally fixing the number of shares of such series. If the number of shares of any
series of Preferred Stock is so decreased, then the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status that they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series. 

4.6. Transfer of Class B Common Stock. 

(a) A holder of Class B Common Stock may surrender shares of Class B Common Stock to the Corporation for cancellation for no
consideration at any time. Following the surrender, or other acquisition, of any shares of Class B Common Stock to or by the Corporation, the Corporation will take all actions necessary to cancel and retire such shares and such shares shall not
be re-issued by the Corporation. 

(b) Except as set forth in
Section 4.6(a), a holder of Class B Common Stock may transfer or assign shares of Class B Common Stock (or any legal or beneficial interest in such shares) (directly or indirectly, including by operation of law)
only to a Permitted Transferee of such holder, and only if such holder also simultaneously transfers an equal number of such holders Common Units to such Permitted Transferee in compliance with the LLC Agreement. The transfer restrictions
described in this Section 4.6(b) are referred to as the Restrictions. 

5 

(c) Any purported transfer of shares of Class B Common Stock in violation of the
Restrictions shall be null and void. If, notwithstanding the Restrictions, a Person shall, voluntarily or involuntarily, purportedly become or attempt to become, the purported owner (Purported Owner) of shares of
Class B Common Stock in violation of the Restrictions, then the Purported Owner shall not obtain any rights in, to or with respect to such shares of Class B Common Stock (the Restricted Shares), and the purported
transfer of the Restricted Shares to the Purported Owner shall not be recognized by the Corporation, the Corporations transfer agent (the Transfer Agent) or the Secretary of the Corporation and each Restricted Share
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, automatically, without any further action on the part of the Corporation, the holder thereof, the Purported Owner or any other party, lose all voting rights as set forth herein and become a non-voting share. 

(d) Upon a determination by the Board of Directors that a Person has attempted or may
attempt to transfer or to acquire Restricted Shares in violation of the Restrictions, the Corporation may take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to such transfer or acquisition on the books and records of the Corporation,
including without limitation to cause the Transfer Agent or the Secretary of the Corporation, as applicable, to not record the Purported Owner as the record owner of the Restricted Shares, and to institute proceedings to enjoin or rescind any such
transfer or acquisition. 

(e) The Board of Directors may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time establish, modify, amend or
rescind, by bylaw or otherwise, regulations and procedures not inconsistent with the provisions of this Section 4.6 for determining whether any transfer or acquisition of shares of Class B Common Stock would violate
the Restrictions and for the orderly application, administration and implementation of the provisions of this Section 4.5. Any such procedures and regulations shall be kept on file with the Secretary of the Corporation and with the Transfer
Agent and shall be made available for inspection by and, upon written request shall be mailed to, holders of shares of Class B Common Stock. 

4.7. Certificates. All certificates or book entries representing shares of Class B Common Stock shall bear a legend substantially
in the following form (or in such other form as the Board may determine): 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS [CERTIFICATE][BOOK ENTRY]
ARE SUBJECT TO THE RESTRICTIONS (INCLUDING RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER) SET FORTH IN THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF THE CORPORATION AS IT MAY BE AMENDED AND/OR RESTATED (A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE
CORPORATION AND SHALL BE PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE TO ANY STOCKHOLDER MAKING A REQUEST THEREFOR). 

4.8. Fractions. Class A
Common Stock and Class B Common Stock may be issued and transferred in fractions of a share which shall entitle the holder to exercise fractional voting rights and to have the benefit of all other rights of holders of Class A Common Stock
and Class B Common Stock, as applicable. Subject to the Restrictions, holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to transfer fractions thereof and the Corporation shall, and shall cause the
Transfer Agent to, facilitate any such transfers, including by issuing certificates or making book entries representing any such fractional shares. For all purposes of this Certificate of Incorporation, all references to Class A Common Stock
and Class B Common Stock or any share thereof (whether in the singular or plural) shall be deemed to include references to any fraction of a share of such Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. 

6 

4.9. Share Reserves. 

(a) The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock, such
number of shares of Class A Common Stock that shall from time to time to be sufficient to effect the exchange of all outstanding Common Units held by holders of the Class B Common Stock (together with Class B Common Stock) for shares
of Class A Common Stock; provided that nothing contained herein shall be construed to preclude the Corporation from satisfying its obligations in respect of the exchange of the Common Units (together with Class B Common Stock) by delivery
of shares of Class A Common Stock that are held in the treasury of the Corporation. 

(b) The Corporation shall use its best efforts
to cause to be reserved and kept available for issuance at all times a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of Class B Common Stock, such number of shares of Class B Common Stock that shall from time to time be sufficient to
effect the issuance of shares of Class B Common Stock to holders of newly issued Common Units for such consideration and for such corporate purposes as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. 

ARTICLE V 

BOARD OF
DIRECTORS 

5.1. General Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the
Board. 

5.2. Number of Directors; Election; Term. 

(a) The number of members of the entire Board shall be fixed, from time to time, exclusively by the Board in accordance with the bylaws of the
Corporation (as amended from time to time in accordance with the provisions hereof and thereof, the Bylaws), subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock with respect to the election of directors, if
any; provided, however, that for so long as the Stockholders Agreement is in effect, the number of directors shall never be less than the aggregate number of directors that the parties to the Stockholders Agreement are entitled to
designated from time to time pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement. 

(b) Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred
Stock with respect to the election of directors, the directors of the Corporation shall be divided into three classes as nearly equal in number as is practicable, hereby designated Class I, Class II and Class III. The Board is
authorized to assign members of the Board already in office to such classes. The term of office of the initial Class I directors shall expire upon the election of directors at the first annual meeting of stockholders following the effectiveness
of this Article V; the term of office of the initial Class II directors shall expire upon the election of directors at the second annual meeting of stockholders following the effectiveness of this Article V; and the term of office
of the initial Class 

7 

III directors shall expire upon the election of directors at the third annual meeting of stockholders following the effectiveness of this Article V. At each annual meeting of stockholders,
commencing with the first annual meeting of stockholders following the effectiveness of this Article V, each of the successors elected to replace the directors of a class whose term shall have expired at such annual meeting shall be elected
to hold office until the third annual meeting next succeeding his or her election and until his or her respective successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock with respect to
the election of directors, if the number of directors that constitutes the Board is changed, any newly created directorships or decrease in directorships shall be so apportioned by the Board among the classes as to make all classes as nearly equal
in number as is practicable, provided that no decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. Subject to the Stockholders Agreement, the Board is authorized to assign each director already
in office at the Effective Time, as well as each director elected or appointed to a newly created directorship due to an increase in the size of the Board, to Class I, Class II or Class III; provided, however, that the
class assignments for the initial directors designated for nomination and elected to the Board pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement shall be as set forth in Section 3 of the Stockholders Agreement. Without limitation to the rights of the
stockholders party to the Stockholders Agreement, the provisions of this Section 5.2(b) are subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of Preferred Stock to elect directors and such directors need not serve
classified terms. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5.2, and subject to the rights
of holders of any series of Preferred Stock with respect to the election of directors, each director shall serve until such directors successor is duly elected and qualified or until such directors earlier death, resignation or removal.

(d) Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws shall so provide. 

(e) Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of this Article V, whenever the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock
issued by the Corporation shall have the right, voting separately by series, to elect directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, the election, term of office, filling of vacancies and other features of such directorships shall be
governed by the terms of the certificate of designation for such series of Preferred Stock, and such directors so elected shall not be divided into classes pursuant to this Article V unless expressly provided by such terms. During any period
when the holders of any series of Preferred Stock have the right to elect additional directors as provided for or fixed pursuant to the provisions of this Article V, then upon commencement and for the duration of the period during which such
right continues; (i) the then otherwise total authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall automatically be increased by such specified number of directors, and the holders of such Preferred Stock shall be entitled to elect the
additional directors so provided for or fixed pursuant to such provisions, and (ii) each such additional director shall serve until such directors successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until such directors right
to hold such office terminates pursuant to such provisions, whichever occurs earlier, subject to such directors earlier death, resignation or removal. Except as otherwise provided by the Board in the resolution or resolutions establishing such
series, whenever the holders of any series of Preferred Stock having such right to elect additional directors are divested of such right pursuant to the provisions of such series of stock, the terms of office of all such additional directors elected
by the holders of such stock, or elected to fill any vacancies resulting from the death, resignation or removal of such additional directors, shall forthwith terminate, and the total authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be reduced
accordingly. 

8 

5.3. Removal. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock with
respect to the election of directors, for so long as this Certificate of Incorporation provides for a classified Board, a director may be removed from office by the stockholders of the Corporation only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of
the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
directors appointed pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement may be removed with or without cause in accordance with the terms thereof and the requirements of the DGCL. 

5.4. Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock with respect to the
election of directors, vacancies occurring on the Board for any reason and newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors may be filled (a) for so long as the Stockholders Agreement remains in effect and
unless otherwise provided for under the terms thereof, only by vote of a majority of the remaining members of the Board, although less than a quorum, by a sole remaining director, at any meeting of the Board or by the vote of the stockholders
entitled to vote thereon and (b) at any time when the Stockholders Agreement is no longer in effect, only by vote of a majority of the remaining members of the Board, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, at any meeting
of the Board and not by the stockholders. Subject to the Stockholders Agreement, a person so elected by the Board to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship shall hold office until the next election of the class for which such person shall have
been assigned by the Board and until such persons successor shall be duly elected and qualified or until such directors earlier death, resignation or removal. 

ARTICLE VI 

AMENDMENT OF
BYLAWS 

Subject to any limitations prescribed by the Stockholders Agreement, in furtherance and not in limitation of the powers
conferred by statute, the Board is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the Board of Directors then in office shall be required in order for the Board of Directors to adopt,
amend, alter or repeal the Corporations Bylaws. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law which might otherwise permit a lesser vote of the stockholders, and subject to any
limitations prescribed by the Stockholders Agreement or any series of preferred stock, the Bylaws may also be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders of the Corporation by (a) prior to the time GEC and its Affiliates cease to
beneficially own, in the aggregate, at least 35% in voting power of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Sunset Date), by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting
power of all then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, and (b) from and after the Sunset Date, by the affirmative vote of the holders
of at least 66-2/3% of the voting power of all then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. No Bylaw
hereafter legally altered, amended or repealed shall invalidate any prior act of the directors or officers of the Corporation that would have been valid if such Bylaw had not been altered, amended or repealed. 

9 

ARTICLE VII 

STOCKHOLDERS 

7.1. No
Action by Written Consent of Stockholders. Except as otherwise expressly provided by the terms of any series of Preferred Stock permitting the holders of such series of Preferred Stock to act by written consent, any action required or permitted
to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation and may not be effected by written consent in lieu of a meeting; provided, however,
that at any time prior to the Sunset Date, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing,
setting forth the action so taken, are (a) signed by the holders of outstanding shares of the relevant class(es) or series of stock of the Corporation representing not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize
or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of stock of the Corporation then issued and outstanding (other than treasury stock) entitled to vote thereon were present and voted, and (b) delivered to the Corporation in accordance with
applicable law. 

7.2. Special Meetings. Except as otherwise expressly provided by the terms of any series of Preferred Stock
permitting the holders of such series of Preferred Stock to call a special meeting of the holders of such series, special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the chairperson of the Board or the Board, and the
ability of the stockholders to call a special meeting of the stockholders is hereby specifically denied. 

7.3. Advance Notice.
Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws. 

ARTICLE VIII 

LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION 

8.1. Limitation of Personal Liability. No director or officer of the Corporation shall be
personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL, as it
presently exists or may hereafter be amended from time to time. If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors or officers, then the liability of a director or officer of the
Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. For purposes of this Section 8.1, officer shall have the meaning provided in Section 102(b)(7) of the
DGCL, as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended from time to time. 

10 

8.2. Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The Corporation shall indemnify its
directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by the DGCL, as now or hereafter in effect, and such right to indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation and shall
inure to the benefit of such persons heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives. A directors right to indemnification conferred by this Section 8.2 shall include the right to be paid by the
Corporation the expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition, provided that such director presents to the Corporation a written undertaking to repay such amount if it shall
ultimately be determined that such director is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation under this Article VIII or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except for proceedings to enforce any directors or
officers rights to indemnification or any directors rights to advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer, or advance expenses of any director, (or such directors or
officers heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives) in connection with any proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. 

8.3. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses
conferred in Section 8.2 of this Certificate of Incorporation shall neither be exclusive of, nor be deemed in limitation of, any rights to which any person may otherwise be or become entitled or permitted under this
Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any statute, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 

8.4.
Insurance. To the fullest extent authorized or permitted by the DGCL, the Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any current or former director or officer of the Corporation against any liability asserted against such
person, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article VIII or otherwise. 

8.5. Persons Other Than Directors and Officers. This Article VIII shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent
and in the manner permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to, or to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of, persons other than those persons described in the first sentence of Section 8.2 of this
Certificate of Incorporation or to advance expenses to persons other than directors of the Corporation.

8.6. Effect of
Modifications. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision contained in this Article VIII shall, unless otherwise required by law, be prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits the
Corporation to further limit or eliminate the liability of directors or officers) and shall not adversely affect any right or protection of any current or former director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal
or modification with respect to any acts or omissions occurring prior to such amendment, repeal or modification. 

11 

ARTICLE IX 

MISCELLANEOUS 

9.1.
Forum for Certain Actions. 

(a) Forum. Unless a majority of the Board, acting on behalf of the Corporation, consents in
writing to the selection of an alternative forum (which consent may be given at any time, including during the pendency of litigation), the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another
state court located within the State of Delaware or, if no court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the sole and exclusive
forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation under Delaware law, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of
the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any of its directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, this
Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws (in each case, as may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any of its directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine
of the State of Delaware or (v) any other action asserting an internal corporate claim, as defined in Section 115 of the DGCL, in all cases subject to the courts having personal jurisdiction over all indispensable parties
named as defendants. Unless a majority of the Board, acting on behalf of the Corporation, consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum (which consent may be given at any time, including during the pendency of litigation), the federal
district courts of the United States of America, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(b) Personal Jurisdiction. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of subparagraph (a) of this
Section 9.1 is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action) in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to
(i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce subparagraph (a) of this Section 9.1 (an
Enforcement Action) and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholders counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 

(c) Enforceability. If any provision of this Section 9.1 shall be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable as applied to any person, entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and enforceability of such provision in any other circumstance and of the remaining
provisions of this Section 9.1, and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

(d) Notice and Consent. For the avoidance of doubt, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in
any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 9.1. 

9.2. Section 203 of the DGCL. The Corporation expressly elects not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL
and the restrictions and limitations set forth therein. 

12 

9.3. Interested Stockholder Transactions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
set forth in this Certificate of Incorporation, the Corporation shall not engage in any Business Combination (as defined below) at any point in time at which the Corporations Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is
registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act (as defined below) with any Interested Stockholder (as defined below) for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an Interested Stockholder, unless:

(a) prior to such time that such stockholder became an Interested Stockholder, the Board of Directors approved either the Business
Combination or the transaction which resulted in such stockholder becoming an Interested Stockholder; or 

(b) upon consummation of the
transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an Interested Stockholder, the Interested Stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock (as defined below) of the Corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding
for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the Interested Stockholder) those shares owned by (i) persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in
which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

(c) at or subsequent to such time that such stockholder became an Interested Stockholder, the Business Combination is approved by the Board of
Directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66-2/3% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation which is
not owned by such Interested Stockholder. 

9.4. Corporate Opportunities. 

(a) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 122(17) of the DGCL), (i) the Corporation,
on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries, hereby renounces any interest, expectancy co-participation rights or other rights of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries in, or being offered any opportunity to
participate in, any Specified Corporate Opportunity, even if such Specified Corporate Opportunity is one that the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries might reasonably be deemed to have pursued or had the ability or desire to pursue if offered or
presented the opportunity to do so; (ii) no Covered Person will have any duty to refrain from (1) engaging in a corporate opportunity in the same or similar lines of business in which the Corporation or its subsidiaries from time to time
is engaged or proposes to engage or (2) otherwise competing, directly or indirectly, with the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries; and (iii) no Covered Person shall have any duty to offer or communicate information regarding any
Specified Corporate Opportunity to the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be liable to the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries for breach of any fiduciary duty, as a director,
officer, controlling stockholder or otherwise, solely by reason of the fact that such Covered Person (1) pursues or acquires such Specified Corporate Opportunity for its own account or the account of GEC, White Deer or their Affiliates,
(2) directs such Specified Corporate Opportunity to another person or entity or (3) fails to present such Specified Corporate Opportunity, or information regarding such Specified Corporate Opportunity, to the Corporation or any of its
subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.1(a) shall not apply to any business opportunity, potential transaction, interest or other matter that is offered or presented to any
Covered Person solely in such Covered Persons capacity as an officer, director or stockholder of the Corporation. 

13 

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, no potential
transaction or business opportunity may be deemed to be a corporate opportunity of the Corporation or its subsidiaries unless (i) the Corporation or its subsidiaries would be permitted to undertake such transaction or opportunity in accordance
with this Certificate of Incorporation, (ii) the Corporation or its subsidiaries at such time have sufficient financial resources to undertake such transaction or opportunity, (iii) the Corporation or its subsidiaries have an interest or
expectancy in such transaction or opportunity and (iv) such transaction or opportunity would be in the same or similar line of business in which the Corporation or its subsidiaries are then engaged or a line of business that is reasonably
related to, or a reasonable extension of, such line of business. 

(c) For the avoidance of doubt, any person or entity purchasing or
otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 9.4. 

(d) The provisions of this Section 9.4 shall have no further force or effect at such time as GEC, White Deer and
their Affiliates shall first cease to beneficially own, in the aggregate, at least 5% of the Corporations then-outstanding stock; provided, however, that such termination shall be prospective only and shall not terminate the
effect of the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.4 with respect to any Specified Corporate Opportunity that first arose prior to such termination. 

9.5. Designation of the Corporation as the Stockholders Agent.

(a) Designation. All right, title and interest of any stockholder to any and all lost merger premium damages if an agreement to acquire
all or substantially all of the stock of the Corporation is breached by an intended acquirer (Lost Premium Damages) shall be payable to the Corporation (which the Corporation may distribute to stockholders if the Board
approves such distribution), and the Corporations stockholders specifically designate the Corporation (or its designee) as their agent for the purpose of pursuing Lost Premium Damages claims on behalf of the Corporations stockholders.

(b) Notice and Consent. For the avoidance of doubt, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest
in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 9.5. 

9.6. Amendment. Subject to any limitations prescribed by the Stockholders Agreement, the Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter
or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by this Certificate of Incorporation and the DGCL, and all rights, preferences and privileges herein conferred upon stockholders of the
Corporation by and pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this Section 9.6; provided, however, that from and after the
occurrence of the Sunset Date, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the
voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend or repeal, or adopt any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation
inconsistent with Sections 4.1(b), 4.3, 4.4, 4.6 or 4.9 of Article IV or with Articles V, VI, VII, VIII, Sections 9.1, 9.2, 9.3, 9.4, 9.6 and 9.7 of Article IX; and provided further, that 

14 

any amendment (including by merger, consolidation or otherwise) to this Certificate of Incorporation that gives holders of the Class B Common Stock (i) any rights to receive dividends
or any other kind of distribution other than in connection with a dissolution or liquidation pursuant to Section 4.3(c), (ii) any right to convert into or be exchanged for Class A Common Stock or (iii) any other
economic rights shall, in addition to the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, also require the affirmative vote of a majority of shares of
Class A Common Stock voting separately as a class. Except as otherwise required by law, holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation
(including any certificate of designation with respect to Preferred Stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with
the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation with respect to Preferred Stock). 

9.7. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever, the validity, legality and enforceability of such provision in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including,
without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way
be affected or impaired thereby. 

9.8. Definitions. As used in this Certificate of Incorporation, the following terms shall have
the following meaning: 

(a) Affiliate has the meaning given to such term in Rule
12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(b)
Associate, when used to indicate a relationship with any Person, means: (i) any corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity of which such Person is a director, officer or partner or is,
directly or indirectly, the owner of 20% or more of any class of shares of voting stock of the Corporation; (ii) any trust or other estate in which such Person has at least a 20% beneficial interest or as to which such Person serves as trustee
or in a similar fiduciary capacity; and (iii) any relative or spouse of such Person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same residence as such Person. 

(c) Business Combination means (i) any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or any direct or indirect
majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation with the Interested Stockholder or (ii) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions), except proportionately as a
stockholder of the Corporation, to or with the Interested Stockholder, whether as part of a dissolution or otherwise, of assets of the Corporation or of any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation which assets have an
aggregate market value equal to ten percent or more of either the aggregate market value of all the assets of the Corporation determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Corporation. 

15 

(d) Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following
events: (i) any person or group (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person and its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its
capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5
under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, Preferred Stock and/or any other class or classes of capital stock of the Corporation (if any) representing in the aggregate more
than 50% of the voting power of all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote; (ii) the stockholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation or there is
consummated a transaction or series of related transactions for the sale, lease, exchange or other disposition, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporations assets (including a sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of Flowco LLC); (iii) there is consummated a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any other corporation or entity, and, immediately after the consummation of such merger or consolidation, the voting
securities of the Corporation immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not continue to represent, or are not converted into, voting securities representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities
of the Person resulting from such merger or consolidation or, if the surviving company is a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof; or (iv) the Corporation ceases to be the sole managing member of Flowco LLC; provided, however,
that a Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of related transactions immediately following which the beneficial owners of the Class A Common Stock,
Class B Common Stock, Preferred Stock and/or any other class or classes of capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in and
voting control over, and own substantially all of the shares of, an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation immediately following such transaction or series of transactions. 

(e) Control, including the terms controlling, controlled by and
under common control with, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting stock, by contract
or otherwise. A Person who is the owner of 20% or more of the outstanding voting stock of any corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity shall be presumed to have control of such entity, in the absence of proof by a
preponderance of the evidence to the contrary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a presumption of control shall not apply where such Person holds voting stock, in good faith and not for the purpose of circumventing this section, as an agent, bank,
broker, nominee, custodian or trustee for one or more owners who do not individually or as a group have control of such entity. 

(f)
Covered Person means (i) GEC, White Deer or their Affiliates (other than the Corporation and its subsidiaries), (ii) any of its or their respective principals, members, partners, stockholders, directors, officers,
employees or other representatives (other than any such Person who is also an employee of the Corporation or its subsidiaries) and (iii) any Person designated by GEC or White Deer to serve as a director of the Corporation (excluding any
independent director designated by GEC in accordance with the Stockholders Agreement, other than with respect to any interest in Affiliates of GEC). 

16 

(g) Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and any applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and any successor to such statute, rules or regulations. 

(h)
GEC means GEC Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, certain of its Affiliates and any GEC Party (as defined in the Stockholders Agreement) and its or their successors or assigns (other than the Corporation and
its subsidiaries). 

(i) GEC Related Parties means GEC and its Permitted Transferees. 

(j) Interested Stockholder means any Person (other than the Corporation and any direct or indirect majority-owned
subsidiary of the Corporation) that (i) is the beneficial owner of 15% or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are entitled to vote, or (ii) is an Affiliate of the Corporation and was the beneficial owner
of 15% or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are entitled to vote at any time within the three-year period immediately prior to the date on which it is sought to be determined whether such Person is an Interested
Stockholder, and the Affiliates and Associates of such Person. Notwithstanding anything in this Article XIII to the contrary, the term Interested Stockholder shall not include: (x) the GEC Related Parties or any of their Affiliates
or Associates, including any investment funds managed, directly or indirectly, by GEC, or any other Person with whom any of the foregoing are acting as a group or in concert for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of shares of
capital stock of the Corporation (y) the White Deer Related Parties or any of their Affiliates or Associates, including any investment funds managed, directly or indirectly, by White Deer, or any other Person with whom any of the foregoing are
acting as a group or in concert for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of shares of capital stock of the Corporation, or (z) any other Person who acquires voting stock of the Corporation directly from a GEC Related Party or
a White Deer Related Party with prior approval of the Board of Directors, and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Person who acquires voting stock of the Corporation through a brokers transaction executed on any securities exchange or
other over-the-counter market or pursuant to an underwritten public offering. 

(k) owner, including the terms own and owned, when used with respect to any stock, means a
Person that individually or with or through any of its Affiliates or associates: 

(i) beneficially owns such stock,
directly or indirectly; or 

(ii) has (1) the right to acquire such stock (whether such right is exercisable
immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise; provided, however, that a Person shall not be
deemed the owner of stock tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by such person or any of such Persons Affiliates or associates until such tendered stock is accepted for purchase or exchange; or (2) the right to vote such
stock pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the owner of any stock because of such Persons right to vote such stock if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote
such stock arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made to ten or more Persons; or 

17 

(iii) has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of
acquiring, holding, voting (except voting pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent as described in item (2) of subsection (ii) above), or disposing of such stock with any other Person that beneficially owns, or whose Affiliates or
associates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, such stock. 

(l) Person means, except as otherwise provided
in the definition of Change of Control, any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, unincorporated association or other entity. 

(m) Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and applicable rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, and any successor to such statute, rules or regulations. 

(n) Specified Corporate
Opportunity means any business opportunity, potential transaction, interest or other matter that is offered or presented to any Covered Person other than any business opportunity, potential transaction, interest or other matter that is
offered or presented to such Covered Person solely in such Covered Persons capacity as an officer, director or stockholder of the Corporation. 

(o) stock means, with respect to any corporation, capital stock and, with respect to any other entity, any equity
interest. 

(p) voting stock means stock of any class or series entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors and, with respect to any entity that is not a corporation, any equity interest entitled to vote generally in the election of the governing body of such entity. Every reference to a percentage of voting stock shall refer to such percentages
of the votes of such voting stock. 

(q) White Deer means White Deer Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, certain of its Affiliates and any White Deer Party (as defined in the Stockholders Agreement) and its or their successors or assigns (other than the Corporation and its subsidiaries). 

(r) White Deer Related Parties means White Deer and its Permitted Transferees. 

(Signature Page Follows) 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation to be signed by a duly authorized officer of the Corporation on this 15th day of January, 2025. 

Flowco Holdings Inc.

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Signature Page to
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of 

Flowco Holdings Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d857846dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

OF 

FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC.

ARTICLE I. 

MEETINGS OF
STOCKHOLDERS 

Section 1.1. Place of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders of Flowco Holdings, Inc. (the
Corporation) shall be held at such time and place, if any, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors of the Corporation (the
Board). The Board may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting shall not be held at any place, but shall instead be held solely by means of remote communication in accordance with Section 211(a) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended (the DGCL). 

Section 1.2. Annual Meetings. The
annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation for the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting in accordance with these amended and restated bylaws of the Corporation (as
amended from time to time in accordance with the provisions hereof, these Bylaws) shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board. The Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel
any annual meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board. 

Section 1.3. Special Meetings. Unless otherwise
required by law or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation (including the terms of any certificate of designation with respect to any series of preferred stock), as amended and restated from time to time (the Certificate
of Incorporation), special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation, for any purpose or purposes, may be called only by the Chairperson of the Board or the Board. The ability of the stockholders of the Corporation to call a
special meeting of stockholders is hereby specifically denied. At a special meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall be specified in the notice of meeting. The Chairperson of the Board or the Board may postpone,
reschedule or cancel any special meeting of stockholders previously called by any of them. 

Section 1.4. Notice. Whenever
stockholders of the Corporation are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, if any, date and time of the meeting, the record date for determining the
stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be
deemed present in person and vote at such meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, written notice of any meeting
shall be given either personally, by mail or by electronic transmission (as defined below) (if permitted under the circumstances by the DGCL) not less than ten nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting, by or at the direction of the
Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Board, to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining 

1 

stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail with postage thereon prepaid, addressed to the
stockholder at the stockholders address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation. If notice is given by means of electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be given at the times provided in the DGCL. Any
stockholder may waive notice of any meeting before or after the meeting. The attendance of a stockholder at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the stockholder attends the meeting for the express purpose of
objecting, and does so object, at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. For the purposes of these Bylaws, electronic transmission means any
form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through
an automated process. 

Section 1.5. Adjournments. Any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation may be adjourned or recessed
from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, if any, by holders of a majority of the voting power of the Corporations capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by
proxy, though less than a quorum, or by any officer entitled to preside at or to act as secretary of such meeting, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned or recessed meeting (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure
to convene or continue a meeting using remote communication) if the time and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person or represented by proxy
and vote at such adjourned or recessed meeting, are (a) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment or recess is taken, (b) displayed during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable
stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (c) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with these Bylaws. At the adjourned or recessed meeting, the Corporation may transact
any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, notice of the adjourned meeting in accordance with the requirements of Section 1.4 of these Bylaws
shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If, after the adjournment, a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix as the record date
for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each
stockholder of record as of the record date so fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. 

Section 1.6. Quorum. Unless
otherwise required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority of the voting power of the Corporations capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person, present by means
of remote communication, if any, or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders. Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, a majority of the voting power of the shares of such class or
classes or series present in person, present by means of remote communication, if any, or represented by proxy shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to such vote. If a quorum shall not be present or represented at any
meeting of stockholders, either the chairperson of the meeting or the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, 

2 

present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided in Section 1.5 of these Bylaws, until a
quorum shall be present or represented. A quorum, once established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. 

Section 1.7. Voting. 

(a) General. Except as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, every stockholder having the right to vote shall have one vote for
each share of stock having voting power registered in such stockholders name on the books of the Corporation. Such votes may be cast in person, by means of remote communication (if any) or by proxy as provided in
Section 1.10 of these Bylaws. The Board, in its discretion, or the officer of the Corporation presiding at a meeting of stockholders, in such officers discretion, may require that any votes cast at such meeting shall
be cast by written ballot. 

(b) Matters Other Than Election of Directors. Any matter brought before any meeting of stockholders of
the Corporation, other than the election of directors, shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the Corporations capital stock present in person, present by means of remote communication, if
any, or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on such matter, voting as a single class, unless the matter is one upon which, by express provision of law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a different vote is
required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such matter. 

(c) Election of Directors.
Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors under specified circumstances, directors shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast (meaning the number of shares voted for a
nominee must exceed the number of shares voted against such nominee) with abstentions and broker non-votes not counted as a vote cast either for or
against that nominees election at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present; provided, however, that in a Contested Election of Directors (as defined below) at such a meeting, directors
shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast on the election of directors (instead of by votes cast for or against a nominee). The term Contested Election of Directors shall mean an annual or
special meeting of the Corporation with respect to which (i) the secretary of the Corporation (the Secretary) receives a notice that a stockholder has nominated or intends to nominate a person for election to the Board
in compliance with the requirements for stockholder nominees for director set forth in Section 1.17 of these Bylaws and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or prior to the tenth day
before the Corporation first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the stockholders. Stockholders shall be entitled to cast votes against nominees for director unless plurality voting applies in the election of directors. If,
with respect to an election of directors not constituting a Contested Election of Directors and for which a quorum is present, any incumbent director does not receive a majority of the votes cast, such director shall promptly tender a resignation
following certification of the stockholder vote. Such resignation will be effective only upon the acceptance thereof by the Board. Such director shall continue in office until such resignation is accepted or, if not accepted, such directors
successor shall have been elected and qualified. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board shall promptly consider the tendered resignation, and a range of possible responses based on the circumstances,

3 

if known, that led to the election results, and make a recommendation to the Board on whether to accept or reject the resignation or whether any other action should be taken with respect thereto.
The Board will act on any such recommendation by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee within 90 days following certification of the stockholder vote and will promptly publicly disclose its decision and the rationale behind it in a
filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any director who tenders a resignation pursuant to this provision shall not participate in the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee or Board recommendation or deliberations regarding
whether to accept the resignation offer or take other action. If directors who have tendered resignations constitute a majority of the directors then in office, then, with respect to each tendered resignation, all directors, other than the director
who tendered the particular resignation under consideration, may participate in the deliberations and action regarding whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation or to take other action with respect thereto. 

Section 1.8. Voting of Stock of Certain Holders. Shares of stock of the Corporation standing in the name of another corporation or
entity, domestic or foreign, and entitled to vote may be voted by such officer, agent or proxy as the bylaws or other internal regulations of such corporation or entity may prescribe or, in the absence of such provision, as the board of directors or
comparable body of such corporation or entity may determine. Shares of stock of the Corporation standing in the name of a deceased person, a minor, an incompetent or a debtor in a case under Title 11, United States Code, and entitled to vote may be
voted by an administrator, executor, guardian, conservator, debtor-in-possession or trustee, as the case may be, either in person or by proxy, without transfer of such
shares into the name of the official or other person so voting. A stockholder whose shares of stock of the Corporation are pledged shall be entitled to vote such shares, unless on the transfer records of the Corporation such stockholder has
expressly empowered the pledgee to vote such shares, in which case only the pledgee, or the pledgees proxy, may vote such shares. 

Section 1.9. Treasury Stock. Shares of stock of the Corporation belonging to the Corporation, or to another corporation a majority
of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of which are held by the Corporation, shall not be voted at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and shall not be counted in the total number of outstanding shares for the purpose
of determining whether a quorum is present. Nothing in this Section 1.9 shall limit the right of the Corporation to vote shares of stock of the Corporation held by it in a fiduciary capacity. 

Section 1.10. Proxies. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders of the Corporation may authorize another
person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy filed with the Secretary before or at the time of the meeting. No such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after one year from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A duly
executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from
other stockholders may use any proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for exclusive use of the Board. 

4 

Section 1.11. No Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting. Except as otherwise
expressly provided by the terms of any series of preferred stock permitting the holders of such series of preferred stock to act by written consent or as provided by the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to
be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, and, as specified by the Certificate of Incorporation, the ability of the stockholders to consent in
writing to the taking of any action is specifically denied. 

Section 1.12. List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote. The officer
of the Corporation who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make or have prepared and made, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to
vote at the meeting (provided, however, that if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth
day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Nothing in this Section 1.12 shall require the
Corporation to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least ten days ending on
the day before the meeting date: (a) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (b) during ordinary business hours, at
the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to
stockholders of the Corporation. 

Section 1.13. Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders
entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation or any adjournment thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board,
and which record date shall not be more than 60 days nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting
unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining
stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the
day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting, but the Board may fix a new record date for determination of
stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders
entitled to vote in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.13 at the adjourned meeting. 

Section 1.14. Organization and Conduct of Meetings. The Chairperson of the Board shall act as chairperson of meetings of
stockholders of the Corporation. The Board may designate any director or officer of the Corporation to act as chairperson of any meeting in the absence of the Chairperson of the Board, and only the Board may further provide for determining who shall
act as chairperson of any meeting of stockholders in the absence of the Chairperson of the Board and such designee. The Board may adopt by resolution such rules, regulations and procedures for the 

5 

conduct of any meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules, regulations and procedures as adopted by the Board, the chairperson of any
meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess or adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairperson,
are necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the chairperson of the meeting, may include the following: (a) the
establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (b) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on at the meeting; (c) rules, regulations and procedures for maintaining order
at the meeting and the safety of those present; (d) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized proxies or such other persons as the chairperson of the meeting
shall determine; (e) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement of the meeting; (f) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants; (g) removal of any stockholder or any
other individual who refuses to comply with meeting rules, regulations or procedures; (h) the conclusion, recess or adjournment of the meeting, regardless of whether a quorum is present, to a later date and time and at a place, if any,
announced at the meeting; (i) restrictions on the use of audio and video recording devices, cell phones and other electronic devices; (j) rules, regulations or procedures for compliance with any state or local laws or regulations including
those concerning safety, health and security; (k) procedures (if any) requiring attendees to provide the Corporation advance notice of their intent to attend the meeting and (l) any rules, regulations or procedures as the chairperson may
deem appropriate regarding the participation by means of remote communication of stockholders and proxyholders not physically present at a meeting, whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication.
The chairperson of a stockholder meeting, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate regarding the conduct of the meeting, shall determine and declare to the meeting that a matter of business was not properly brought
before the meeting, and, if the chairperson (or the Board in advance of any meeting) should so determine, the chairperson (or the Board) shall so declare to the meeting and any such matter of business not properly brought before the meeting shall
not be transacted or considered. Except to the extent determined by the Board or the person presiding at the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 

Section 1.15. Inspectors of Election. In advance of any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, the Chairperson of the Board,
the Chief Executive Officer or the Board, by resolution, shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. One or more other persons may be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who
fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the chairperson of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, inspectors may be
officers, employees or agents of the Corporation. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the
best of such inspectors ability. The inspector shall have the duties prescribed by law and shall take charge of the polls and, when the vote is completed, shall make a certificate of the result of the vote taken and of such other facts as may
be required by applicable law. 

Section 1.16. Notice of Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations. 

(a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of business other than
nominations to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only: (i) as provided in that certain Stockholders Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025, by and among the Corporation and the other
persons party thereto (as such agreement may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Stockholders Agreement); (ii) pursuant to the
Corporations notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) with respect to such annual meeting given by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof); (iii) as otherwise properly brought before such annual
meeting by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof); or (iv) by any stockholder of the Corporation who (A) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice provided for in this
Section 1.16 through the date of such annual meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (C) complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.16. For the
avoidance of doubt, and other than as provided in the Stockholders Agreement, compliance with the foregoing clause (iv) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations, or to propose any other business (other than a proposal
included in the Corporations proxy materials pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (such act, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, the Exchange Act)), at an annual meeting of stockholders. 

6 

(b) Timing of Notice for Annual Meetings. In addition to any other applicable
requirements, for nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to Section 1.16(a)(iii) above, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper
written form to the Secretary, and, in the case of business other than nominations, such business must be a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, such notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the
Corporation not later than the Close of Business on the 90th day, or earlier than the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the date of the preceding years annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the
case of the first annual meeting after January 15, 2025 or if the date of the annual meeting of stockholders is more than 30 days prior to, or more than 60 days after, the first anniversary of the date of the preceding years annual
meeting or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, to be timely, a stockholders notice must be so received not earlier than the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the Close of Business on the later of
(i) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting and (ii) the tenth day following the day on which public disclosure (as defined below) of the date of the meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall the adjournment, recess,
postponement, judicial stay or rescheduling of an annual meeting (or the public disclosure thereof) commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of notice as described above. 

(c) Form of Notice. To be in proper written form, the notice of any stockholder of record giving notice under this
Section 1.16 (each, a Noticing Party) must set forth: 

(i) as to each
person whom such Noticing Party proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (each, a Proposed Nominee), if any: 

(A) the name, age, business address and residential address of such Proposed Nominee; 

7 

(B) the principal occupation and employment of such Proposed Nominee; 

(C) a written questionnaire with respect to the background and qualifications of such Proposed Nominee, completed by such
Proposed Nominee in the form required by the Corporation (which form such Noticing Party shall request in writing from the Secretary and which the Secretary shall provide to such Noticing Party within ten days after receiving such request); 

(D) a written representation and agreement completed by such Proposed Nominee in the form required by the Corporation (which
form such Noticing Party shall request in writing from the Secretary and which the Secretary shall provide to such Noticing Party within ten days after receiving such request) providing that such Proposed Nominee: (I) is not and will not become
a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such Proposed Nominee, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or
question (a Voting Commitment) that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such Proposed Nominees ability to comply, if elected as a director of the
Corporation, with such Proposed Nominees fiduciary duties under applicable law; (II) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to
any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director or nominee with respect to the Corporation that has not been disclosed to the Corporation; (III) will, if elected as a
director of the Corporation, comply with all applicable rules of any securities exchanges upon which the Corporations securities are listed, the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, all applicable publicly disclosed corporate
governance, ethics, conflict of interest, confidentiality, stock ownership and trading policies and all other guidelines and policies of the Corporation generally applicable to directors (which other guidelines and policies will be provided to such
Proposed Nominee within five business days after the Secretary receives any written request therefor from such Proposed Nominee), and all applicable fiduciary duties under state law; (IV) consents to being named as a nominee in the
Corporations proxy statement and form of proxy for the meeting; (V) intends to serve a full term as a director of the Corporation, if elected; (VI) will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with the
Corporation and its stockholders that are or will be true and correct in all material respects and that do not and will not omit to state any fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not misleading in any material respect; and (VII) will tender his or her resignation as a director of the Corporation if the Board determines that such Proposed Nominee failed to comply with the

8 

provisions of this Section 1.16(c)(i)(D) in any material respect, provides such Proposed Nominee notice of any such determination and, if such
non-compliance may be cured, such Proposed Nominee fails to cure such non-compliance within ten business days after delivery of such notice to such Proposed Nominee;

(E) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements or
understandings, written or oral, during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among such Proposed Nominee or any of such Proposed Nominees associates (as defined below), on the one hand, and any Noticing Party
or any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), on the other hand, including all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K as if such
Noticing Party and any Stockholder Associated Person were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the Proposed Nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant; 

(F) a description of any business or personal interests that would reasonably be expected to place such Proposed Nominee in a
potential conflict of interest with the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries; 

(G) the date(s) of first contact between
the Noticing Party and any Stockholder Associated Person, on the one hand, and the Proposed Nominee, on the other hand, with respect to the Corporation and any proposed nomination(s) of any person(s) (including the Proposed Nominee) for election as
a director of the Corporation; and 

(H) all other information relating to such Proposed Nominee or such Proposed
Nominees associates that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement by such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in a contested election or
otherwise required pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Proxy Rules); 

(ii) as to any other business that such Noticing Party proposes to bring before the meeting: 

(A) a reasonably brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such
business at the meeting; 

(B) the text of the proposal or business (including the complete text of any resolutions proposed
for consideration and, in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the text of the proposed amendment); and 

9 

(C) all other information relating to such business that would be required
to be disclosed in a proxy statement by such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person in connection with the solicitation of proxies in support of such proposed business or otherwise required pursuant to the Proxy Rules; and 

(iii) as to such Noticing Party and each Stockholder Associated Person: 

(A) the name and address of such Noticing Party and each Stockholder Associated Person (including, as applicable, as they
appear on the Corporations books and records); 

(B) the class, series and number of shares of each class or series of
capital stock (if any) of the Corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially or of record (specifying the type of ownership) by such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person (including any right to acquire beneficial
ownership at any time in the future, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time or the fulfillment of a condition) and the date or dates on which such shares were acquired; 

(C) the name of each nominee holder for, and number of, any securities of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record
by such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person and any pledge by such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any of such securities; 

(D) a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings, written or oral, (including any derivative or short
positions, profit interests, hedging transactions, forwards, futures, swaps, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, repurchase agreements or arrangements, borrowed or loaned shares and so-called stock borrowing agreements or arrangements) that have been entered into by, or on behalf of, such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person, the effect or intent of which is to
mitigate loss, manage risk or benefit from changes in the price of any securities of the Corporation, or maintain, increase or decrease the voting power of such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to securities of the
Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in underlying shares of capital stock of the Corporation (any of the foregoing, a Derivative Instrument); 

(E) any substantial interest, direct or indirect (including any existing or prospective commercial, business or contractual
relationship with the Corporation), of such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person in the Corporation or any affiliate (as defined below) thereof or in the proposed business or nomination to be brought before the

10 

meeting by the Noticing Party, other than an interest arising from the ownership of Corporation securities where such Noticing Party or such Stockholder Associated Person receives no extra or
special benefit not shared on a pro rata basis by all other holders of the same class or series; 

(F) a description
of all agreements, arrangements or understandings, written or oral, (I) between or among such Noticing Party and any of the Stockholder Associated Persons or (II) between or among such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person
and any other person or entity (naming each such person or entity), in each case, relating to the Corporation or its securities or the voting thereof, including any proxy, agreement, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such
Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person, directly or indirectly, has a right to vote any security of the Corporation (other than any revocable proxy given in response to a solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Proxy
Rules by way of a solicitation statement filed on Schedule 14A); 

(G) any rights to dividends on the shares of the
Corporation owned beneficially by such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation; 

(H) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a
general or limited partnership, limited liability company or similar entity in which such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person (I) is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general
partner of such general or limited partnership or (II) is the manager, managing member or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in the manager or managing member of such limited liability company or similar entity; 

(I) any equity interests or any Derivative Instruments, in each case, with a market value of more than $100,000, in any
competitor of the Corporation identified in Part I, Item 1 of the annual report on Form 10-K or amendment thereto most recently filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission or in Item
8.01 of any current report on Form 8-K filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission thereafter but prior to the tenth day before the deadline for a stockholders notice under this
Section 1.16 (each, a Principal Competitor) held by such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person; 

11 

(J) any direct or indirect interest (other than solely as a result of
security ownership) of such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person in any agreement with the Corporation, any affiliate of the Corporation or any Principal Competitor (including any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement
or consulting agreement); 

(K) a representation that (I) neither such Noticing Party nor any Stockholder Associated
Person has breached any agreement, arrangement or understanding with the Corporation except as disclosed to the Corporation pursuant hereto and (II) such Noticing Party and each Stockholder Associated Person has complied, and will comply, with
all applicable requirements of state law and the Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 1.16; 

(L) a description of any performance-related fees (other than asset-based fees) to which such Noticing Party or any Stockholder
Associated Person may be entitled as a result of any increase or decrease in the value of the Corporations securities or any Derivative Instruments; 

(M) a description of the investment strategy or objective, if any, of such Noticing Party (or the beneficial owner(s) on whose
behalf such Noticing Party is submitting a notice to the Corporation); 

(N) all information that would be required to be
set forth in a Schedule 13D filed pursuant to Rule 13d-1(a) under the Exchange Act or an amendment pursuant to Rule 13d-2(a) under the Exchange Act if such a statement
were required to be filed under the Exchange Act by such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person, or such Noticing Partys or any Stockholder Associated Persons associates, with respect to the Corporation (regardless of
whether such person or entity is actually required to file a Schedule 13D), including a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding that would be required to be disclosed by such Noticing Party, any Stockholder Associated Person or
any of their respective associates pursuant to Item 5 or Item 6 of Schedule 13D; 

(O) a certification that such Noticing
Party and each Stockholder Associated Person has complied with all applicable federal, state and other legal requirements in connection with such Noticing Partys or Stockholder Associated Persons acquisition of shares of capital stock or
other securities of the Corporation and such Noticing Partys or Stockholder Associated Persons acts or omissions as a stockholder of the Corporation, if such Stockholder Associated Person is a stockholder of the Corporation; 

(P) if the Noticing Party (or the beneficial owner(s) on whose behalf such Noticing Party is submitting a notice to the
Corporation) is not a natural person, the identity of each natural person associated with such Noticing Party (or beneficial owner(s)) ultimately responsible for the decision to propose the business or nomination to be brought before the meeting
(any such person, a Responsible Person), the relationship of the Responsible Person to such Noticing Party (or beneficial owner(s)); and 

12 

(Q) all other information relating to such Noticing Party or any Stockholder
Associated Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies in support of the business proposed by such Noticing Party, if any, or for the election of any Proposed
Nominee in a contested election or otherwise pursuant to the Proxy Rules; 

provided, however, that the disclosures described
in the foregoing subclauses (A) through (Q) shall not include any such disclosures with respect to the ordinary course business activities of any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a Noticing Party solely as
a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these Bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner. 

(iv) a representation that such Noticing Party intends to appear in person or cause a Qualified Representative (as defined
below) of such Noticing Party to appear in person at the meeting to bring such business before the meeting or nominate any Proposed Nominees, as applicable, and an acknowledgment that, if such Noticing Party (or a Qualified Representative of such
Noticing Party) does not appear to present such business or Proposed Nominees, as applicable, at such meeting, the Corporation need not present such business or Proposed Nominees for a vote at such meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of
such vote may have been received by the Corporation; 

(v) a description of any pending or, to such Noticing Partys
knowledge, threatened legal proceeding or investigation in which such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person is a party or participant directly involving or directly relating to the Corporation or, to such Noticing Partys
knowledge, any current or former officer, director or affiliate of the Corporation; 

(vi) identification of the names and
addresses of other stockholders (including beneficial owners) known by such Noticing Party to provide financial support of the nomination(s) or other business proposal(s) submitted by such Noticing Party and, to the extent known, the class and
number of shares of the Corporations capital stock owned beneficially or of record by such other stockholder(s) or other beneficial owner(s); and 

(vii) a representation from such Noticing Party as to whether such Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person intends
or is part of a group that intends to (A) solicit proxies in support of the election of any Proposed Nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act or (B) engage in a solicitation
(within the meaning of Exchange Act Rule 14a-1(l)) with respect to the nomination of any Proposed Nominee or proposed business to be considered at the meeting, as applicable, and if so, the name of each
participant (as defined in Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) in such solicitation. 

13 

(d) Additional Information. In addition to the information required pursuant to the
foregoing provisions of this Section 1.16, the Corporation may require any Noticing Party to furnish such other information as the Corporation may reasonably require to determine the eligibility or suitability of a Proposed
Nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholders understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such Proposed Nominee, under the listing standards of each securities exchange upon
which the Corporations securities are listed, any applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board in selecting nominees for election as a director and for determining and
disclosing the independence of the Corporations directors, including those applicable to a directors service on any of the committees of the Board, or the requirements of any other laws or regulations applicable to the Corporation. If
requested by the Corporation, any supplemental information required under this paragraph shall be provided by a Noticing Party within ten days after it has been requested by the Corporation. 

(e) Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have
been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto). Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected
pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) (i) by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) provided that one or more directors are to be elected at such
meeting pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who (A) is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 1.16(e)
through the date of such special meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at such special meeting and upon such election and (C) complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.16(e). In addition to any
other applicable requirements, for director nominations to be properly brought before a special meeting by a stockholder pursuant to the foregoing clause (ii), such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the
Secretary. To be timely, such notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the Close of Business on the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the Close of
Business on the later of (x) the 90th day prior to such special meeting and (y) the tenth day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of the meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall an adjournment,
recess, postponement, judicial stay or rescheduling of a special meeting (or the public disclosure thereof) commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. To be in proper
written form, such notice shall include all information required pursuant to Section 1.16(c) above, and such stockholder and any Proposed Nominee shall comply with Section 1.16(d) above, as if such
notice were being submitted in connection with an annual meeting of stockholders. 

(f) General. 

(i) No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless the person is nominated by a stockholder
in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.16 or the person is nominated by the Board, and no business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders of the Corporation except pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act and business brought by a stockholder in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.16 or by 

14 

the Board. The number of Proposed Nominees a stockholder may include in a notice under this Section 1.16 or nominate for election at a meeting may not exceed the number
of directors to be elected at such meeting, and for the avoidance of doubt, no stockholder shall be entitled to make additional or substitute nominations following the expiration of the time periods set forth in
Section 1.16(b) or Section 1.16(e), as applicable. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Board or the chairperson of a meeting shall have the power and the duty to determine whether a nomination
or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting has been made or proposed in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws, and, if the Board or the chairperson of the meeting determines that any proposed nomination or business
was not properly brought before the meeting, the chairperson shall declare to the meeting that such nomination shall be disregarded or such business shall not be transacted, and no vote shall be taken with respect to such nomination or proposed
business, in each case, notwithstanding that proxies with respect to such vote may have been received by the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.16, unless otherwise required by law, if
the Noticing Party (or a Qualified Representative of the Noticing Party) proposing a nominee for director or business to be conducted at a meeting does not appear at the meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present such nomination or
propose such business, such proposed nomination shall be disregarded or such proposed business shall not be transacted, as applicable, and no vote shall be taken with respect to such nomination or proposed business, notwithstanding that proxies with
respect to such vote may have been received by the Corporation. 

(ii) A Noticing Party shall update such Noticing
Partys notice provided under the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.16, if necessary, such that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of (A) the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the meeting and (B) the date that is ten business days prior to the meeting (or any postponement, rescheduling or adjournment thereof), and such
update shall (I) be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (x) not later than the Close of Business five business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive
notice of such meeting (in the case of an update required to be made under clause (A)) and (y) not later than the Close of Business seven business days prior to the date of the meeting or, if practicable, any postponement, rescheduling or
adjournment thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been postponed, rescheduled or adjourned) (in the case of an update required to be made pursuant to clause (B)), (II) be made only
to the extent that information has changed since such Noticing Partys prior submission and (III) clearly identify the information that has changed in any material respect since such Noticing Partys prior submission. For the
avoidance of doubt, any information provided pursuant to this Section 1.16(f)(ii) shall not be deemed to cure any deficiencies or inaccuracies in a notice previously delivered pursuant to this
Section 1.16 and shall not extend the time period for the delivery of notice pursuant to this Section 1.16. If a Noticing Party fails to provide any update in accordance with the foregoing
provisions of this Section 1.16(f)(ii), the information as to which such written update relates may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.16. 

15 

(iii) If any information submitted pursuant to this Section 1.16
by any Noticing Party nominating individuals for election or reelection as a director or proposing business for consideration at a stockholder meeting shall be inaccurate in any material respect (as determined by the Board or a committee thereof),
such information shall be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.16. Any such Noticing Party shall notify the Secretary in writing at the principal executive offices of the Corporation of any
material inaccuracy or change in any information submitted pursuant to this Section 1.16 (including if any Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person no longer intends to solicit proxies in accordance with the
representation made pursuant to Section 1.16(c)(vii)(A)) within two business days after becoming aware of such material inaccuracy or change, and any such notification shall clearly identify the inaccuracy or change, it
being understood that no such notification may cure any deficiencies or inaccuracies with respect to any prior submission by such Noticing Party. Upon written request of the Secretary on behalf of the Board (or a duly authorized committee thereof),
any such Noticing Party shall provide, within seven business days after delivery of such request (or such other period as may reasonably be specified in such request), (A) written verification, reasonably satisfactory to the Board, any committee
thereof or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by such Noticing Party pursuant to this Section 1.16 and (B) a written affirmation of any information
submitted by such Noticing Party pursuant to this Section 1.16 as of an earlier date. If a Noticing Party fails to provide such written verification or affirmation within such period, the information as to which written
verification or affirmation was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.16. 

(iv) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if (A) any Noticing Party or any Stockholder Associated Person
provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act with respect to any Proposed Nominee and (B) (1) such Noticing Party or Stockholder Associated Person subsequently either
(x) notifies the Corporation that such Noticing Party or Stockholder Associated Person no longer intends to solicit proxies in support of the election or reelection of such Proposed Nominee in accordance with Rule
14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act or (y) fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or Rule 14a-19(a)(3)
under the Exchange Act (or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such Noticing Party or Stockholder Associated Person has met the requirements of Rule
14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence) and (2) no other Noticing Party or Stockholder Associated Person that has provided notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act with respect to such Proposed Nominee (x) to the Corporations knowledge based on information provided pursuant to Rule 14a-19 under
the Exchange Act or these Bylaws, still intends to solicit proxies in support 

16 

of the election or reelection of such Proposed Nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act and (y) has complied with the
requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act and the requirements set forth in the following sentence, then the nomination of such
Proposed Nominee shall be disregarded and no vote on the election of such Proposed Nominee shall occur (notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation). Upon request by the Corporation, if any Noticing
Party or any Stockholder Associated Person provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act, such Noticing Party shall deliver to the Secretary, no later than five business days prior to the
applicable meeting date, reasonable evidence that the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act have been satisfied. 

(v) In addition to complying with the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.16, a stockholder shall
also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and the Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 1.16. Nothing in this Section 1.16 shall be deemed to affect any
rights of (A) stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, (B) stockholders to request inclusion of nominees
in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to the Proxy Rules or (C) the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors pursuant to any applicable provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. 

(vi) Any written notice, supplement, update or other information required to be delivered by a stockholder to the Corporation
pursuant to this Section 1.16 must be given by personal delivery, by overnight courier or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the Secretary at the Corporations principal executive offices and shall be
deemed not to have been delivered unless so given. 

(vii) For purposes of these Bylaws, (A)
affiliate and associate each shall have the respective meanings set forth in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act; (B) beneficial
owner or beneficially owned shall have the meaning set forth for such terms in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act; (C) Close of Business shall mean 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on any
calendar day, whether or not the day is a business day; (D) public disclosure shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; (E) a Qualified Representative of a Noticing Party means (I) a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such
Noticing Party or (II) a person authorized by a writing executed by such Noticing Party (or a reliable reproduction or electronic transmission of the writing) delivered by such Noticing Party to the Corporation prior to the making of any
nomination or proposal at a stockholder meeting stating that such person is authorized to act for such Noticing Party as proxy at the meeting of stockholders, which writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or
electronic transmission, must be produced at the meeting of stockholders; and (F) Stockholder Associated Person shall mean, with respect to a Noticing Party and if different from such

17 

Noticing Party, any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation on whose behalf such Noticing Party is providing notice of any nomination or other business proposed, (I) any
person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Noticing Party or such beneficial owner(s), (II) any member of the immediate family of such Noticing Party or such beneficial owner(s) sharing the same
household, (III) any person or entity who is a member of a group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) with such Noticing Party, such beneficial owner(s) with
respect to the stock of the Corporation, (IV) any associate of such Noticing Party or such beneficial owner(s), (V) if such Noticing Party or any such beneficial owner is not a natural person, any Responsible Person, (VI) any participant
(as defined in Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A) with such Noticing Party or such beneficial owner(s) with respect to any proposed business or nominations, as applicable, (VII) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the
Corporation owned of record by such Noticing Party (other than a stockholder that is a depositary) and (VIII) any Proposed Nominee. 

(g) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, for so long as GEC or White Deer are entitled to nominate one or more directors
pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, GEC and White Deer, as applicable, shall not be subject to the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.16. 

ARTICLE II. 

DIRECTORS 

Section 2.1. Number; Eligibility. Within the limits set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the Stockholders
Agreement and the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock with respect to the election of directors, if any, the number of directors that shall constitute the entire Board shall be fixed, from time to time, exclusively by the Board.
Any Proposed Nominee shall not be eligible for election as a director unless such Proposed Nominee has, within ten days following any reasonable request therefor from the Board or any committee thereof, made himself or herself available to be
interviewed by the Board (or any committee or other subset thereof) with respect to the information about such Proposed Nominee included in the notice from the stockholder described in Section 1.16, such Proposed
Nominees qualifications to serve as a director or any other matter relating to such Proposed Nominees candidacy or service as a director of the Corporation. 

Section 2.2. Duties and Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the
Board, which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 

Section 2.3. Meetings. The Board may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware.
Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such time and at such place as may from time to time be determined by the Board. Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chairperson of the Board (if there be one), the Chief Executive Officer
or the Board and shall be held at such place, on such date and at such time as he, she or it shall specify. 

18 

Section 2.4. Notice. Notice of any meeting of the Board stating the place, date
and time of the meeting shall be given to each director by mail posted not less than five days before the date of the meeting, by nationally recognized overnight courier deposited not less than two days before the date of the meeting or by email,
facsimile or other means of electronic transmission delivered or sent not less than 24 hours before the date and time of the meeting, or on such shorter notice as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem necessary or appropriate in
the circumstances. If mailed or sent by overnight courier, such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when it is deposited in the United States mail with first class postage prepaid or deposited with the overnight courier. Notice by
facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be deemed given when the notice is transmitted. Any director may waive notice of any meeting before or after the meeting. The attendance of a director at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of
notice of such meeting, except where the director attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, and does so object, at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or
convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board need be specified in any notice of such meeting unless so required by law. A meeting may be held at any time without notice if all of
the directors are present or if those not present waive notice of the meeting in accordance with Section 5.6 of these Bylaws. 

Section 2.5. Chairperson of the Board. Subject to the Stockholders Agreement, the Chairperson of the Board shall be chosen from
among the directors and may be the Chief Executive Officer. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or Section 2.6 or Section 2.7 of these Bylaws, the Chairperson of
the Board shall preside at all meetings of stockholders and of the Board. The Chairperson of the Board shall have such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned by the Board. 

Section 2.6. [RESERVED]. 

Section 2.7. Organization. At each meeting of the Board, the Chairperson of the Board, or, in the Chairpersons absence, a
director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chairperson. The Secretary shall act as secretary at each meeting of the Board. In case the Secretary shall be absent from any meeting of the Board, an assistant secretary shall
perform the duties of secretary at such meeting, and in the absence from any such meeting of the Secretary and all assistant secretaries, the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 

Section 2.8. Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships. Unless otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, and
subject to the Stockholders Agreement and rights of holders of any series of preferred stock with respect to the election of directors, vacancies occurring on the Board for any reason and newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the
number of directors may be filled only by vote of a majority of the remaining members of the Board, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, at any meeting of the Board and not by the stockholders. A person so elected by the
Board to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship shall hold office until the next election of the class for which such person shall have been assigned by the Board and until such persons successor shall be duly elected and qualified or
until such directors earlier death, resignation or removal. 

19 

Section 2.9. Resignations and Removals of Directors. Any director of the
Corporation may resign at any time, by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to
be effective at some other time or upon the occurrence of some other event, and, unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Subject to the rights of holders of any
series of preferred stock with respect to the election of directors, a director may be removed from office by the stockholders of the Corporation only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting
power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

Section 2.10. Quorum. At all meetings of the Board, a majority of directors constituting the Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board, the directors present thereat
may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time and place of the adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 

Section 2.11. Actions of the Board by Written Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or
of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all the members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or electronic transmission is filed with the minutes
of proceedings of the Board or committee. 

Section 2.12. Telephonic Meetings. Members of the Board, or any committee thereof,
may participate in a meeting of the Board or such committee by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear and speak with each other, and participation in a
meeting pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

Section 2.13.
Committees. The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation and, to the extent permitted by law, to have and exercise such authority as may be provided for in the
resolutions creating such committee, as such resolutions may be amended from time to time. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of any
such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, and in the absence of a designation by the Board of an alternate member to replace the absent or disqualified member, the member or members thereof present at any meeting
and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Each committee shall keep
regular minutes and report to the Board when required. A majority of the members of any committee present at any committee meeting at which there is a quorum present may determine such committees action and fix the time and place of its
meetings, unless the Board shall otherwise provide. Except as may be provided in any resolutions establishing or designating a committee of the Board, the Board shall have the power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the membership of or to
dissolve any committee of the Board. 

20 

Section 2.14. Compensation. The Board shall have the authority to fix the
compensation of directors. The directors shall be paid their reasonable expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board or any committee thereof and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each such meeting and an annual retainer or
salary for service as director or committee member, payable in cash or securities. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Directors who are full-time
employees of the Corporation shall not receive any compensation for their service as director. 

Section 2.15. Interested
Directors. No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of the
Corporations directors or officers are directors or officers or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board or
committee thereof that authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because any such directors or officers vote is counted for such purpose if: (a) the material facts as to the directors or officers relationship or
interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board or the committee and the Board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested
directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; (b) the material facts as to the directors or officers relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the
stockholders entitled to vote thereon and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (c) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved
or ratified by the Board, a committee thereof or the stockholders. Interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board or of a committee that authorizes the contract or transaction. 

ARTICLE III. 

OFFICERS 

Section 3.1. General. The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board and shall be a Chief Executive Officer, a
President, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and a Treasurer. The Board, in its discretion, may also choose, or may delegate to the Chief Executive Officer the authority to appoint, one or more Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents,
Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers and such other officers as the Board from time to time may deem appropriate. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person, but no officer may act in more than one capacity where
action of two or more officers is required and no Vice President may at the same time hold the office of President. The officers of the Corporation need not be stockholders of the Corporation. 

Section 3.2. Election; Term. The Board shall elect the officers of the Corporation who shall hold their offices for such terms and
shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board, and each officer of the Corporation shall hold office until such officers successor is elected and qualified, or until such
officers earlier death, resignation or removal. Any officer may be removed at any time by the Board, and any officer appointed by the Chief Executive Officer may be removed at any time by the Chief Executive Officer. Any officer may resign
upon notice given in writing or electronic transmission to the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some other time or upon the occurrence of some other
event. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled in the manner prescribed in this ARTICLE III for the regular election to such office. 

21 

Section 3.3. Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation. Powers of attorney,
proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other instruments relating to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the Chief Executive Officer, the Secretary or any other officer
authorized to do so by the Board, and any such officer may, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any
corporation in which the Corporation may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have
exercised and possessed if present. The Board may, by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons. 

Section 3.4. Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall, subject to the control of the Board, have general
supervision over the business of the Corporation and shall direct the affairs and policies of the Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer may also serve as the Chairperson of the Board or as President, if so elected by the Board. The Chief
Executive Officer shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned to such officer by these Bylaws or by the Board. 

Section 3.5. President. The President shall act in a general executive capacity and shall assist the Chief Executive Officer in
the administration and operation of the Corporations business and general supervision of its policies and affairs. The President shall, in the absence of or because of the inability to act of the Chief Executive Officer, perform all duties of
the Chief Executive Officer. The President shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned to such officer by these Bylaws, the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. 

Section 3.6. Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall be the principal financial officer of the Corporation. The
Chief Financial Officer shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned to such officer by these Bylaws, the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. 

Section 3.7. Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents and Vice Presidents. The Executive Vice Presidents (if any), Senior
Vice Presidents (if any) and such other Vice Presidents as shall have been chosen by the Board or appointed by the Chief Executive Officer in accordance with Section 3.1 above shall have such powers and shall perform such
duties as shall be assigned to them by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. 

Section 3.8. Secretary. The Secretary shall
give the requisite notice of meetings of stockholders and directors and shall record the proceedings of such meetings, shall have custody of the seal of the Corporation and shall affix it or cause it to be affixed to such instruments as require the
seal and attest it and, besides the Secretarys powers and duties prescribed by law, shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as shall be provided in these Bylaws or shall at any time be assigned to such officer by the Board
or the Chief Executive Officer. 

22 

Section 3.9. Treasurer. The Treasurer shall exercise general supervision over
the receipt, custody and disbursement of corporate funds. The Treasurer shall cause the funds of the Corporation to be deposited in such banks as may be authorized by the Board or in such banks as may be designated as depositaries in the manner
provided by resolution of the Board. The Treasurer shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as shall be provided in these Bylaws or shall at any time be assigned to such officer by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. 

Section 3.10. Assistant Secretaries. Assistant Secretaries, if there be any, shall assist the Secretary in the discharge of the
Secretarys duties, shall have such powers and perform such other duties as shall at any time be assigned to them by the Board and, in the absence or disability of the Secretary, shall perform the duties of the Secretarys office, subject
to the control of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. 

Section 3.11. Assistant Treasurers. Assistant Treasurers, if
there be any, shall assist the Treasurer in the discharge of the Treasurers duties, shall have such powers and perform such other duties as shall at any time be assigned to them by the Board and, in the absence or disability of the Treasurer,
shall perform the duties of the Treasurers office, subject to the control of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. 

Section 3.12. Other Officers. Such other officers as the Board may appoint shall perform such duties and have such powers as from
time to time may be assigned to them by the Board. The Board may delegate to any other officer of the Corporation the power to choose such other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers. 

ARTICLE IV. 

STOCK 

Section 4.1. Certificates. Shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be represented solely in book-entry form as
uncertificated shares, provided that the Board may provide by resolution at any time that some or all of any classes or series of the Corporations capital stock shall be represented by certificates. Every holder of shares of a class or series
of capital stock of the Corporation represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate representing the number of such shares owned by such holder in the Corporation unless and until the Board provides by any subsequent resolution
that the shares of such class or series shall be represented solely in book-entry form as uncertificated shares; provided, any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by such certificate until such certificate is surrendered.
Certificates shall be in such form as may be determined by the Board, shall be numbered and shall be entered on the books of the Corporation as they are issued. Certificates shall indicate the holders name and the number of shares evidenced
thereby and shall be signed by or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairperson of the Board, the President or a Vice President, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary. Any and all of the
signatures on the certificate may be provided by a facsimile. In case any officer who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer before such certificate is issued, it may be issued
by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were still such officer at the date of issue. 

23 

Section 4.2. Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the
stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other
lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record
date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be the Close of Business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

Section 4.3. Record Owners. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books
as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or
interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by law. 

Section 4.4. Transfer and Registry Agents. The Corporation may from time to time maintain one or more transfer offices or agencies
and registry offices or agencies at such place or places as may be determined from time to time by the Board. 

ARTICLE V. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 5.1. Contracts. The Board may authorize any officer or officers or any agent or agents to enter into any contract or
execute and deliver any instrument or other document in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 

Section 5.2. Disbursements. All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or
officers or such other person or persons as the Board may from time to time designate. 

Section 5.3. Fiscal Year. The fiscal
year of the Corporation shall end on the 31st day of December in each year or on such other day as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board. 

Section 5.4. Corporate Seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its
organization and the words Corporate Seal, Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or otherwise reproduced. 

Section 5.5. Offices. The Corporation shall maintain a registered office inside the State of Delaware and may also have other
offices outside or inside the State of Delaware. The books and records of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any applicable law) outside the State of Delaware at the principal executive offices of the Corporation or at such other place or
places as may be designated from time to time by the Board. 

24 

Section 5.6. Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required to be given to
any stockholder or director of the Corporation under the provisions of the DGCL or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person or persons
entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual or special meeting of the stockholders or any
regular or special meeting of the Board or committee thereof need be specified in any waiver of notice of such meeting unless so required by law. 

Section 5.7. Severability. To the extent any provision of these Bylaws would be, in the absence of this
Section 5.7, invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, such provision shall be severable from the other provisions of these Bylaws, and all provisions of these Bylaws shall be construed so as to give
effect to the intent manifested by these Bylaws, including, to the maximum extent possible, the provision that would be otherwise invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 

ARTICLE VI. 

AMENDMENTS

Subject to Section 7.5 below and the Stockholders Agreement, these Bylaws may be adopted, amended, altered
or repealed by the Board. The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the Board then in office shall be required in order for the Board to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Corporations Bylaws. The Bylaws may also be adopted, amended,
altered or repealed by the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and the DGCL, subject to any limitations prescribed by the Stockholders Agreement or any series of preferred stock. 

ARTICLE VII. 

EMERGENCY BYLAWS

Section 7.1. Emergency Bylaws. This ARTICLE VII shall be operative during any emergency, disaster or catastrophe,
as referred to in Section 110 of the DGCL or other similar emergency condition (including a pandemic), as a result of which a quorum of the Board or a committee thereof cannot readily be convened for action (each, an
Emergency), notwithstanding any different or conflicting provision in the preceding Sections of these Bylaws or in the Certificate of Incorporation. To the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of this ARTICLE
VII, the preceding Sections of these Bylaws and the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation shall remain in effect during such Emergency, and upon termination of such Emergency, the provisions of this ARTICLE VII shall cease to be
operative unless and until another Emergency shall occur. 

Section 7.2. Meetings; Notice. During any Emergency, a meeting of
the Board or any committee thereof may be called by any member of the Board or such committee or the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Notice of the place, date and time of the
meeting shall be given by any available means of communication by the person calling the meeting to such of the directors or committee members and Designated Officers (as defined below) as, in the judgment of the person calling the meeting, it may
be feasible to reach. Such notice shall be given at such time in advance of the meeting as, in the judgment of the person calling the meeting, circumstances permit. 

25 

Section 7.3. Quorum. At any meeting of the Board called in accordance with
Section 7.2 above, the presence or participation of three directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and at any meeting of any committee of the Board called in accordance with
Section 7.2 above, the presence or participation of one committee member shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. In the event that the requisite number of directors is not able to attend a meeting of the
Board or any committee thereof, then the Designated Officers in attendance shall serve as directors, or committee members, as the case may be, for the meeting, without any additional quorum requirement and will have full powers to act as directors,
or committee members, as the case may be, of the Corporation. 

Section 7.4. Liability. No officer, director or employee of the
Corporation acting in accordance with the provisions of this ARTICLE VII shall be liable except for willful misconduct. 

Section 7.5. Amendments. At any meeting called in accordance with Section 7.2 above, the Board, or any
committee thereof, as the case may be, may modify, amend or add to the provisions of this ARTICLE VII as it deems it to be in the best interests of the Corporation and as is practical or necessary for the circumstances of the Emergency. 

Section 7.6. Repeal or Change. The provisions of this ARTICLE VII shall be subject to repeal or change by further action of
the Board or by action of the stockholders pursuant to ARTICLE VI of these Bylaws, but no such repeal or change shall modify the provisions of Section 7.4 above with regard to action taken prior to the time of such
repeal or change. 

Section 7.7. Definitions. For purposes of this ARTICLE VII, the term Designated
Officer means an officer identified on a numbered list of officers of the Corporation who shall be deemed to be, in the order in which they appear on the list up until a quorum is obtained, directors of the Corporation,
or members of a committee of the Board, as the case may be, for purposes of obtaining a quorum during an Emergency, if a quorum of directors or committee members, as the case may be, cannot otherwise be obtained during such Emergency, which officers
have been designated by the Board from time to time but in any event prior to such time or times as an Emergency may have occurred. 

* * *

Adopted as of: January 15, 2025 

26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d857846dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

MASTER REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT 

by and among 

Flowco
Holdings Inc. 

Flowco MergeCo LLC 

and 

the other parties
hereto 

Dated as of January 15, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Pages 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 2 

1.1 Certain Defined Terms 2 

1.2 Other Definitional and Interpretative Provisions 4 

ARTICLE II THE REORGANIZATION 4 

2.1 Transactions 4 

2.2 Consent to Reorganization Transactions 7 

2.3 No Liabilities in Event of Termination; Certain Covenants 7 

ARTICLE III IPO AND RELATED MATTERS 8 

3.1 Underwriting Agreement 8 

3.2 Use of IPO Proceeds 8 

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 

4.1 Representations and Warranties of Each Party 8 

4.2 Representations and Warranties of Holdings Entities 9 

4.3 Representations and Warranties of Pubco 10 

4.4 Representations and Warranties of the Blocker Entity Shareholders 10 

ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS 11 

5.1 Amendments and Waivers 11 

5.2 Successors and Assigns 11 

5.3 Notices 11 

5.4 Further Assurances 12 

5.5 Entire Agreement 12 

5.6 Governing Law 12 

5.7 Jurisdiction 12 

5.8 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 13 

5.9 Severability 13 

5.10 Enforcement 13 

5.11 Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures 13 

5.12 Expenses 13 

5.13 Tax Matters 13 

i 

Exhibits 

Exhibit A - Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Pubco 

Exhibit B - Amended and Restated Bylaws of Pubco 

Exhibit C -
Internal Restructuring Steps 

Exhibit D - Forms of IPO Liquidating Distribution Assignment and Assumption Agreements 

Exhibit E - Post-Reclassification Company Agreement 

Exhibit F -
Form of Master Merger Agreement 

Exhibit G - Tax Receivable Agreement 

Exhibit H - Stockholders Agreement 

Exhibit I - Registration
Rights Agreement 

Exhibit J - 2025 Equity and Incentive Plan 

Schedules 

Schedule I Blocker Entities,
Blocker Merger Subs and Blocker Entity Shareholders 

Schedule II Holdings Entity IPO Liquidating Distribution Schedules 

ii 

MASTER REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT 

MASTER REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 15, 2025, by and among Flowco Holdings Inc., a
Delaware corporation (Pubco), Flowco MergeCo LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), GEC Estis Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Estis Holdings), Flowco
Production Solutions, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company (FPS Holdings), Flogistix Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Flogistix Holdings), WD Thunder CV Parallel Intermediate LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (Flogistix Parallel Intermediate), each Blocker Merger Sub, each Blocker Entity and each Blocker Entity Shareholder (each signatory to this Agreement, a Party and collectively
the Parties). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Parties desire to facilitate an underwritten initial public offering (the IPO) of Pubcos Class A
Common Stock pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Registration Statement); 

WHEREAS, in connection with the IPO, the Parties desire to effect the Reorganization Transactions described herein; 

WHEREAS, in connection with the consummation of the Reorganization Transactions and the IPO, the applicable Parties hereto intend to enter
into the Reorganization Documents; 

WHEREAS, the Pre-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement contemplates that, in connection with an
initial public offering, the Company may undertake a reorganization to provide for, among other things, the exchange of the membership interests in the Company for common equity securities of a newly formed corporation that will act as the managing
member of the Company and whose only material assets are the membership interests of the Company; and 

WHEREAS, the Pre-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement contemplates that in connection with any transfer or assignment of equity interests in the Company in connection with the IPO, such transfers and the admission of any
assignee as a member of the Company will be subject to limitations and terms as set forth therein, including (i) immediate redemption for cash or (ii) admission as a member of the Company, as applicable. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and of the mutual promises hereinafter set forth, the Parties hereto hereby agree
as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

1.1
Certain Defined Terms. 

(a) Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Pre-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement. 

(b) As used herein, the following terms shall have the
following meanings: 

Amended and Restated Bylaws has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.1(a)(ii). 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.1(a)(i). 

Blocker Entities means each of the entities identified as
Blocker Entities on Schedule I hereto. 

Blocker Merger Subs means each of the entities
identified as Blocker Merger Subs on Schedule I hereto. 

Blocker Entity Shareholder means each
of the entities identified as Blocker Entity Shareholders on Schedule I hereto. 

Business Day
means a day, other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in either New York, New York or Houston, Texas are authorized or required by applicable law to close. 

Class A Common Stock shall mean Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Pubco, having
the rights set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

Class B Common Stock
shall mean Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Pubco, having the rights set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

Common Stock means, collectively, the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock. 

Common Units means the Common Units as such term is defined in the Post-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement.

Company Schedule of Members means Schedule 2 to the Post-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement. 

Estis Holdings has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Flogistix Holdings has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Flowco Holdings has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Holdings Entity and Holdings Entities means each of or collectively, as applicable, Estis Holdings,
Flowco Holdings and Flogistix Holdings. 

Internal Restructurings has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.1(b). 

2 

IPO Closing means the initial closing of the sale of the Class A
Common Stock in the IPO. 

IPO Liquidating Distributions has the meaning set forth in the Post-Reclassification Company
LLC Agreement. 

IPO Offering Expenses means the amount of any IPO offering expenses borne by Pubco (as agreed in
writing by Pubco and the Company, for which email shall be sufficient), but excluding the underwriting discount per share in the IPO, which offering expenses shall be the responsibility of the Company pursuant to Section 2.1(c). 

IPO Price Per Share means the per share public offering price for the Class A Common Stock. 

IPO Unit Redemption has the meaning set forth in the Pre-Reclassification Company
LLC Agreement. 

Net IPO Price means (i) the IPO Price Per Share less (ii) the underwriting discount per
share paid to the underwriters in the IPO. 

Offering Amount means an amount equal to the product of (i) the IPO
Price Per Share multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock sold at the IPO Closing. 

Original
Units has meaning set forth in the Post-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement. 

Person means any individual,
firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, estate, joint venture, governmental authority or other entity. 

Pre-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement means the Amended and Restated Limited
Liability Company Agreement of the Company, dated as of June 20, 2024, by and among the Company and the other Persons listed on the signature pages thereto, as amended by that certain First Amendment thereto, dated as of December 15, 2024.

Pricing means such date and time as the Board or the pricing committee thereof determines to price the IPO and the IPO
Price Per Share. 

Reorganization Documents means each of the documents attached as an exhibit hereto and all other
agreements and documents entered into in connection with the Reorganization Transactions. 

SEC means the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. 

3 

1.2 Other Definitional and Interpretative Provisions. The words hereof,
herein and hereunder and words of like import used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The captions herein are included for convenience of
reference only and shall be ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof. References to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules are to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules of this Agreement unless otherwise specified. All
Exhibits and Schedules annexed hereto or referred to herein are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set forth in full herein. Any capitalized terms used in any Exhibit or Schedule but not otherwise defined therein, shall
have the meaning as defined in this Agreement. Any singular term in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any plural term the singular. Whenever the words include, includes or including are
used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation, whether or not they are in fact followed by those words or words of like import. Writing, written and comparable terms
refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words (including electronic media) in a visible form. References to any statute shall be deemed to refer to such statute as amended from time to time and to any rules or regulations
promulgated thereunder. References to any agreement or contract are to that agreement or contract as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. References to any Person include the successors
and permitted assigns of that Person. References from or through any date mean, unless otherwise specified, from and including or through and including, respectively. 

ARTICLE II 

THE
REORGANIZATION 

2.1 Transactions. Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and on the basis of and in
reliance upon the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto shall take the actions described in this Section 2.1 (each, a Reorganization Transaction and,
collectively, the Reorganization Transactions) in the following sequence (and, unless provided herein to the contrary, no step or sub-step in the sequence shall commence until the
immediately preceding step or sub-step has been completed in its entirety): 

(a) At or prior to the
Pricing, the applicable parties shall have taken the actions set forth below (or caused such actions to take place): 

(i)
Pubco shall adopt and file with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware an amended and restated certificate of incorporation of Pubco, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation); and 

(ii) The Board shall adopt amended and restated bylaws of Pubco in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit B (the Amended and Restated Bylaws); and 

(iii) In accordance with
Section 4.1(b) of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, all shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Pubco issued and outstanding immediately prior to the filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation shall be recapitalized, reclassified and reconstituted into one fully paid and non-assessable share of Class A Common Stock, effective upon the filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

4 

(b) Following the Pricing and prior to the IPO Closing, the applicable parties shall take
the actions set forth below (or cause such actions to take place): 

(i) If not completed prior to the Pricing, each of the
Holdings Entities, together with certain of their affiliates, shall undertake an internal restructuring, as described on Exhibit C hereto (the Internal Restructurings). 

(ii) Following the completion of the Internal Restructurings, each Holdings Entity shall effectuate the IPO Liquidating
Distributions pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement in substantially the forms set forth on Exhibit D hereto, and shall provide to the Company and PubCo a final Schedule II hereto, setting forth (x) their members and
the number of Original Units assigned to such members in the IPO Liquidating Distributions and (y) the assignees and the number of Original Units assigned to such assignees in the IPO Liquidating Distributions that are subject to redemption
under the Pre-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement. 

(iii) Immediately following
the IPO Liquidating Distributions, the Company shall effectuate the IPO Unit Redemption. 

(iv) The Company shall:
(x) amend and restate its limited liability company agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (the Post-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement) to reclassify all Original Units outstanding as of immediately
prior to the IPO Closing (but after giving effect to the IPO Unit Redemption) into a number of Common Units as set forth in the Post-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement, and pursuant to which, among other things, (I) Pubco shall become the
sole managing member of the Company and (II) after giving effect to the reclassification described above and the Blocker Mergers described in Section 2.1(b)(v) below, each of the Persons listed on the Company Schedule
of Members (such Persons, the Post-Reclassification Company Members) shall be admitted members of the Company and shall own the number of Common Units set forth opposite such Post-Reclassification Company Members name on the
Company Schedule of Members. 

(v) On or prior to the date hereof, the Company shall have formed each of the Blocker Merger
Subs. Pursuant to the master merger agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F (the Merger Agreement), each Blocker Merger Sub shall merge with and into its respective Blocker Entity, with such Blocker Entity
continuing as the surviving company of such merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco. At the effective time of the Blocker Merger Agreements, (x) the Company shall sell to Pubco, and Pubco shall repurchase from the Company, the
one (1) share of Class A Common Stock it will then hold (after giving effect to the Reorganization Transactions described in the foregoing Section 2.1(a)(iii)) for $10, and such share shall be immediately
cancelled, and (y) each Blocker Entity Shareholder shall receive the number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the number of Common Units owned by each such Blocker Entity, respectively, at the effective time of the Blocker Merger
Agreements (the mergers described in this Section 2.1(b)(v), the Blocker Mergers). 

5 

(vi) Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (x) substantially concurrently
following each Blocker Merger, the surviving Blocker Entity thereof shall merge with and into Pubco, with Pubco surviving each such merger (the Pubco Mergers) and (y) substantially concurrently following the Pubco Mergers,
Flogistix Parallel Intermediate shall merge with and into Pubco, with Pubco surviving such merger. 

(vii) Pubco shall issue
to each Post-Reclassification Company Member a number of shares of Class B Common Stock equal to the number of Common Units owned by each such Post-Reclassification Company Member after giving effect to the Reorganization Transactions described
in the foregoing Sections 2.1(b)(i)-(vi). 

(viii) The Company, the Blocker Shareholders, Pubco and the
Post-Reclassification Company Members shall enter into a Tax Receivable Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G. 

(ix) Pubco, the Blocker Shareholders and the applicable Post-Reclassification Company Members shall enter into a Stockholders
Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H. 

(x) Pubco, the applicable Post-Reclassification Company Members
(other than Pubco), and the Blocker Shareholders shall enter into a Registration Rights Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I. 

(xi) Pubco will adopt a 2025 Equity and Incentive Plan substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit J, providing
for the issuance of up to 6,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock as further described in the Registration Statement, which plan has been approved by the board of directors of Pubco and by the Company as the sole stockholder of Pubco. 

(c) Immediately following the IPO Closing, Pubco shall acquire from the Company, at a price per Common Unit equal to the IPO Price Per Share
(such that the Company shall economically bear the underwriting discount per share paid in the IPO Closing) an aggregate number of Common Units equal to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock sold in the IPO Closing; provided that
for administrative convenience and subject to the following sentence, the net amount per Common Unit paid to the Company by Pubco shall be the Net IPO Price. The aggregate purchase price for such Common Units will be paid in cash by Pubco to, or at
the direction of, the Company; provided that Pubco may reduce the amount paid thereby by the amount of any IPO Offering Expenses. 

6 

(d) If at any time following the IPO Closing the underwriters exercise their option to
purchase additional shares of Class A Common Stock from Pubco, Pubco shall acquire from the Company, at a price per Common Unit equal to the IPO Price Per Share (such that the Company shall economically bear the underwriting discount per share
paid with respect thereto), an aggregate number of additional Common Units equal to the number of additional shares of Class A Common Stock so purchased by the underwriters; provided that for administrative convenience and subject to the
following sentence, the net amount per Common Unit paid to the Company by Pubco shall be the Net IPO Price. The aggregate purchase price for such Common Units will be paid in cash by Pubco to, or at the direction of, the
Company; provided that Pubco may reduce the amount paid thereby by the amount of any additional IPO Offering Expenses borne by Pubco and not otherwise reimbursed (whether pursuant to Section 2.1(c) or otherwise). 

(e) At the Closing, the Company will pay the applicable amounts payable in connection with the IPO Unit Redemption. 

2.2 Consent to Reorganization Transactions. 

(a) Each of the parties hereto hereby acknowledges, agrees and consents to all of the Reorganization Transactions. Each of the parties hereto
shall take all reasonable action necessary or appropriate in order to effect, or cause to be effected, each of the Reorganization Transactions and the IPO. 

(b) The parties hereto shall deliver to each other, as applicable, prior to or at the IPO Closing, each of the Reorganization Documents to
which it is a party, together with any other documents and instruments necessary or appropriate to be delivered in connection with the Reorganization Transactions. 

2.3 No Liabilities in Event of Termination; Certain Covenants. 

(a) In the event that the IPO is abandoned or, unless the Board, the Company, Estis Holdings, Flowco Holdings and Flogistix Holdings otherwise
agree, the IPO Closing has not occurred by January 31, 2025, (a) this Agreement shall automatically terminate and be of no further force or effect except for this Section 2.3 and Article IV and Article
V and (b) there shall be no liability on the part of any of the parties hereto, except that such termination shall not preclude any party from pursuing judicial remedies for damages and/or other relief as a result of the breach by the
other parties of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained herein prior to such termination. 

(b) In the event that
this Agreement is terminated for any reason after the consummation of any Reorganization Transaction, but prior to the consummation of all of the Reorganization Transactions, the parties agree, as applicable, to cooperate and work in good faith to
execute and deliver such agreements and consents and amend such documents and to effect such transactions or actions as may be necessary to re-establish the rights, preferences and privileges that the parties
hereto had, if any, prior to the consummation of the Reorganization Transactions, or any part thereof, including, without limitation, voting any and all securities owned by such party in favor of any amendment to any organizational document and in
favor of any transaction or action necessary to re-establish such rights, powers and privileges and causing to be filed all necessary documents with any governmental authority necessary to reestablish such
rights, preferences and privileges. 

7 

(c) For the avoidance of doubt, each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that until the
consummation of the Reorganization Transactions: (i) the parties hereto shall not receive or lose any voting, governance or similar rights in connection with this Agreement or the Reorganization Transactions and (ii) the rights of the
parties hereto under the Pre-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement shall not be effected. 

(d)
Each Holdings Entity shall be solely responsible for the calculations and information set forth on the final Schedule II referenced below, and shall hold harmless and indemnify the Company and Pubco as set forth in the Pre-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Holdings Entity agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, Pubco and their respective officers and directors
with respect to any claims against the Company, Pubco and their respective officers and directors by any assignee of such Holdings Entity, and any expense, liability or loss related thereto, in connection with any IPO Liquidating Distribution,
including the execution and delivery by such Holdings Entity of the Pre-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement (and any amendment thereto), the determination of allocations to such assignee by such Holdings
Entity, and any repurchases and redemptions of Original Units made by the Company in accordance with this Agreement and the Pre-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement. 

ARTICLE III 

IPO AND
RELATED MATTERS 

3.1 Underwriting Agreement. In connection with the IPO, each of Pubco and the Company shall have entered into
an underwriting agreement relating to the IPO (the Underwriting Agreement), with JPMorgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC and Piper Sandler & Company, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein, subject to the
right of each party thereto to elect not to enter into the Underwriting Agreement at its sole discretion. 

3.2 Use of IPO Proceeds.
Pubco shall use proceeds from the IPO as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement, including to contribute cash to the Company in exchange for Common Units in accordance with Section 2.1(c) and (d), and the Company shall use
such proceeds as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement, including the IPO Unit Redemption. 

ARTICLE IV 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

4.1 Representations and Warranties of Each Party. Each Party hereto hereby represents and warrants to each of the other Parties hereto
as follows: 

(a) Such Party, if an entity, is a corporation, limited partnership or limited liability company, as applicable, duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing (where such concept exists) under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, and has all requisite corporate, partnership or limited liability company, as applicable, power and authority and
all necessary governmental approvals to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted, except where the failure to have such power, authority and governmental approvals would not have, individually or in
the aggregate, a material adverse effect on such Party or on the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby; 

8 

(b) The execution, delivery and performance by such Party of this Agreement and of the
applicable Reorganization Documents, to the extent a Party thereto, has been, or prior to the Pricing will be, duly authorized by all necessary action. If such party is not an individual, such party is duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization or incorporation; 

(c) Such party has, or prior to the Pricing will have, the
requisite power, authority, legal right and, if such party is an individual, legal capacity, to execute and deliver this Agreement and each of the Reorganization Documents, to the extent a party thereto, and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, as the case may be; 

(d) This Agreement and each of the Reorganization Documents to which it is a party
has been (or when executed will be) duly executed and delivered by such party and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, subject to (i) the effects of
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law) and (iii) an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; 

(e) Neither the execution, delivery and performance by such party
of this Agreement and the Reorganization Documents, to which it is a party, nor the consummation by such party of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, nor compliance by such party with the terms and provisions hereof or thereof, will,
directly or indirectly (with or without notice or lapse of time or both), (i) if such party is not an individual, contravene or conflict with, or result in a breach or termination of, or constitute a default under (or with notice or lapse of time or
both, result in the breach or termination of or constitute a default under) the organizational documents of such party, (ii) constitute a violation by such party of any existing requirement of law applicable to such party or any of its
properties, rights or assets or (iii) require the consent or approval of any Person, except, in the case of the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a
material adverse effect on the ability of such party to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; and 

(f) Each Party
acknowledges and agrees that the Company and PubCo are making no representation or warranty as to the U.S. federal, state, local, foreign or other tax consequences to any Party as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each
Party understands that such Party (and not the Company or PubCo) will be responsible for such Partys own tax liability that may arise as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

4.2 Representations and Warranties of Holdings Entities. Each Holdings Entity hereby represents and warrants to each of the other
Parties hereto as follows: 

Schedule II sets forth, with respect to such Holdings Entity, (i) a list of each member of such
Holdings Entity, (ii) the applicable current membership interests of such Holdings Entity owned by each such member, (iii) the number of Common Units issuable to such member assuming (A) a liquidating distribution of all Original
Units owned by such Holdings Entity to its members based on (1) an IPO Price of $24.00 per share of Class A Common Stock, net of underwriting discounts, an 

9 

effective date for such distribution on January 15, 2025, (iv) notations whether or not the Original Units assignable to each such member are subject to the IPO Unit Redemption in accordance
with the Pre-Reclassification Company LLC Agreement. and (v) information setting forth (A) the record name of such member and address, and (B) tax identification number. For each member subject
to the IPO Unit Redemption, each Holdings Entity shall also provide a letter setting forth, in addition to the information in clauses (iv) and (v), wire transfer instructions for delivery of cash consideration in connection with the IPO Unit
Redemption, and other information reasonably requested by Pubco and the Company (the Distribution Instruction Letter). Pubco and the Company are entitled to rely on such final Schedule II and the Distribution Instruction
Letter for purposes of effecting the transfer of Original Units and the IPO Unit Redemption, as well as the effect of the Blocker Mergers. 

4.3 Representations and Warranties of Pubco. Pubco hereby represents and warrants to each of the other Parties hereto as follows: 

(a) The Class A Common Stock issued in accordance with Section 2.1(b)(v) will be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will be issued free and clear of any liens other than as arising under applicable securities laws or pursuant to any contractual lock-up agreements entered
into in connection with the IPO. 

4.4 Representations and Warranties of the Blocker Entity Shareholders. Each Blocker Entity
Shareholder hereby represents and warrants to each of the other Parties hereto as follows: 

(a) The Class A Common Stock to be issued
to such Blocker Entity Shareholder are being acquired for the Blocker Entity Shareholders own account, for investment purposes and not with a view to or for sale in connection with the distribution thereof within the meaning of
Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act. 

(b) Such Blocker Entity Shareholder has such knowledge and experience in financial and
business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the Blocker Entity Shareholders investment in the Class A Common Stock; the Blocker Entity Shareholder has the ability to bear the economic risks of such investment;
the Blocker Entity Shareholder has the capacity to protect its own interests in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and the Blocker Entity Shareholder has had an opportunity to ask questions and to obtain such financial
and other information regarding Pubco as the Blocker Entity Shareholder deems necessary or appropriate in connection with evaluating the merits of such investment. 

(c) Such Blocker Entity Shareholder qualifies as an accredited investor within the meaning of Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act. 

10 

ARTICLE V 

MISCELLANEOUS 

5.1
Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement (including the Exhibits) may be modified, amended or waived only with the written approval of Pubco, the Company, Estis Holdings, Flowco Holdings and Flogistix Holdings; provided, however, that
any modification, amendment or waiver that would affect any other party hereto in a manner materially and disproportionately adverse to such party shall be effective against such party so materially and adversely affected only with the prior written
consent of such party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The failure of any party to enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall in no way be construed as a waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the right of
such party thereafter to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement in accordance with its terms. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.1, nothing in this Section 4.1 shall be deemed to contradict
the provisions of Section 2.3 hereof. 

5.2 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

5.3 Notices. All
notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including electronic mail (e-mail) transmission, so long as a receipt of such
e-mail is requested and not received by automated response). All such notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed received on the date of receipt by the recipient thereof if received prior to
5:00 p.m. on a Business Day in the place of receipt. Otherwise, any such notice, request or communication shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day in the place of receipt. All such notices, requests and other
communications to any party hereunder shall be given to such party as follows: 

If to Pubco or the Company, addressed to it at: 

Flowco Holdings Inc. 

1300 Post
Oak Blvd., Suite 450 

Houston, Texas 77056 

Attention: Joseph R. Edwards, Chief Executive Officer 

E-mail:joebob.edwards@flowco-inc.com

With copies (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Sidley Austin LLP 

1000
Louisiana, Suite 5900 

Houston, TX 77002 

Attention: David C. Buck; John W. Stribling 

E-mail: dbuck@sidley.com 

john.stribling@sidley.com 

If to Flogistix Holdings, addressed to it at: 

Flogistix Holdings, LLC 

c/o
White Deer Management LLC 

700 Louisiana, Suite 4770 

Houston, TX 77002 

Attention:
Varun Babbili 

E-mail: vbabbili@whitedeerenergy.com 

11 

With copies (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Vinson Elkins LLP 

Houston, TX
77002 

Attention: Robert Seber; Michael Marek 

Email: rseber@velaw.com; mmarek@velaw.com 

If to either Estis Holdings or Flowco Holdings, addressed to it at: 

c/o GEC Advisors 

2415 West
Alabama Street, Suite 220 

Houston, TX 77098 

Attention: Jonathan B. Fairbanks 

E-mail: Jonathan@geclp.com 

If to any Blocker Entity or Blocker Entity Shareholder, addressed to it at the last-known address of such Person. 

If to any other party, at the address or e-mail address specified for such party on the Company
Schedule of Members or to such other address or e-mail address as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the other parties hereto. 

5.4 Further Assurances. At any time or from time to time after the date hereof, the parties agree to cooperate with each other, and at
the request of any other party, to execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and to take all such further action as the other party may reasonably request in order to evidence or effectuate the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and to otherwise carry out the intent of the parties hereunder. 

5.5 Entire Agreement. Except as otherwise
expressly set forth herein, this Agreement, together with the Reorganization Documents, embodies the complete agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and preempts any prior
understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties, written or oral, that may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way. 

5.6 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the
conflicts of law rules of such State that would result in the application of the laws of any other State. 

5.7 Jurisdiction. The
parties hereto agree that any suit, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (whether brought by any party or any of
its affiliates or against any party or any of its affiliates) shall be brought in the Delaware Chancery Court or, if such court shall not have jurisdiction, any federal court located in the State of Delaware or other Delaware state court, and each
of the parties hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction 

12 

of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may
now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such suit,
action or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court. Without limiting the foregoing, each party agrees that service of process on such party as provided
in Section 5.3 shall be deemed effective service of process on such party. 

5.8 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE
PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

5.9 Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any
other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 

5.10 Enforcement. Each party hereto acknowledges that money damages would not be an adequate remedy in the event that any of the
covenants or agreements in this Agreement are not performed in accordance with its terms, and it is therefore agreed that in addition to and without limiting any other remedy or right it may have, the
non-breaching party will have the right to an injunction, temporary restraining order or other equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction enjoining any such breach and enforcing specifically the
terms and provisions hereof. 

5.11 Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile, e-mail or .pdf format signature(s). 

5.12 Expenses. Unless otherwise provided in the Reorganization Documents, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such cost or expense. 

5.13 Tax Matters. 

(a)
The Parties intend that for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes: (i) the distributions by each Holdings Entity pursuant to the IPO Liquidating Distributions will each qualify as a distribution under
Section 731(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); (ii) the IPO Unit Redemption and Pubcos contribution of the IPO proceeds, to the extent used to fund the IPO Unit Redemption, to the Company,
taken together, will be treated as the purchase of such Original Units subject to the IPO Unit Redemption; (iii) the exchanges described in Section 2.1(b)(iv) shall be treated as a transaction described in Section 721

13 

of the Code in a manner consistent with IRS Rev. Rul. 84-52,1984-1 CB 157 and IRS Rev. Rul. 86-101,1986-2 CB 94; and (iv) each of the Blocker Mergers, taken together with the relevant Blocker Entity merging upstream into Pubco (or into a disregarded entity of
Pubco) in accordance with Section 2.1(b)(vi), the Blocker Merger Agreement and the Pubco Merger Agreement, will constitute an integrated plan that qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a)(1)(A) of the Code, and the documents effectuating the Blocker Mergers and each Blocker Entity merger into Pubco, and this Agreement, shall constitute a plan of reorganization for purposes of Section 368 of the Code and the
Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Intended Tax Treatment). Each Party will report and file all applicable U.S. federal and applicable state and local income tax returns consistent with the Intended Tax
Treatment, except as otherwise required pursuant to a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code or any corresponding or similar provision of Law. 

(b) Each Party will use its respective reasonable best efforts to cause the actions described in Section 2.1(b)(ii)-(vi) (the
Reorganization Transactions) to qualify for the Intended Tax Treatment, and no Party shall (or shall permit any of its affiliates to) take or cause to be taken any action that is not specifically contemplated by this Agreement (or
any agreement contemplated hereby) which action, to its knowledge, would reasonably be expected to prevent or impede the Reorganization Transactions from qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment. 

(c) Each Party acknowledges and agrees that no other Party is making any representation or warranty as to the U.S. federal, state, local,
foreign or other tax consequences to any Party hereto as a result of the Reorganization Transactions. Each of the Parties has reviewed with its own tax advisor the U.S. federal, state and local tax consequences of the Reorganization Transactions.
Each Party understands that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, it will be responsible for its own tax liability, if any, that may arise as a result of the Reorganization Transactions. 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Reorganization Agreement as of the
date first above written. 

Flowco Holdings Inc.

By: 

/s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Flowco MergeCo LLC

By: 

/s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Chief Executive Officer

15 

Signature Page to Master Reorganization Agreement

Estis Holding LLC

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Manager

Flowco Production Solutions, L.L.C.

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Manager

16 

Signature Page to Master Reorganization Agreement

Flogistix Holdings LLC

By: /s/ Brooks Mims Talton III

Name: Brooks Mims Talton III

Title: Chief Executive Officer

17 

Signature Page to Master Reorganization Agreement

GEC III-GI Estis Blocker Corp.

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Director

GEC III-B-GI LP

By: GEC Group B Ltd., its general partner

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Director

GEC III-GI FPS Blocker Corp.

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Director

GEC III-GI LP

By: GEC Capital Group III, LP, its general partner

By: GEC Group Ltd., its general partner

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Director

18 

Signature Page to Master Reorganization Agreement

WD Thunder CV Parallel Blocker LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WDE Flogistix Upper FI, LLC

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its Manager

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WDE Flogistix Upper TE, LLC

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its Manager

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WD Thunder CV Parallel LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

19 

Signature Page to Master Reorganization Agreement

WD Thunder CV IND LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WD Thunder CV Parallel Intermediate LLC

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its Manager

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WD Thunder CV LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

20 

Signature Page to Master Reorganization Agreement

Flowco Merger Sub I Inc.

By: Flowco Holdings Inc., its sole stockholder

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Director

Flowco Merger Sub II Inc.

By: Flowco Holdings Inc., its sole stockholder

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Director

Flowco Merger Sub III Inc.

By: Flowco Holdings Inc., its sole stockholder

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Director

Flowco Merger Sub IV Inc.

By: Flowco Holdings Inc., its sole stockholder

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Director

21 

Signature Page to Master Reorganization Agreement

Flowco Merger Sub V Inc.

By: Flowco Holdings Inc., its sole stockholder

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Director

22 

Signature Page to Master Reorganization Agreement

Exhibit A 

Amended and Restated Certification of Incorporation of Flowco Holdings Inc. 

23 

Exhibit B 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Flowco Holdings Inc. 

24 

Exhibit C 

Internal Restructuring Steps 

25 

Exhibit D 

Forms of IPO Liquidating Distribution Assignment and Assumption Agreements 

26 

Exhibit E 

Post-Reclassification Company Agreement 

27 

Exhibit F 

Form of Master Merger Agreement 

28 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

by and among 

FLOWCO HOLDINGS
INC. 

FLOWCO MERGECO LLC 

THE
MERGER SUBS (AS DEFINED HEREIN) 

AND 

OTHER PARTIES HERETO 

Dated as of
January 15, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I THE MERGERS 2 

1.1 Mergers 2 

1.2 Closing 2 

1.3 Effective Time 4 

1.4 Tax Consequences 4 

ARTICLE II EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON CAPITAL STOCK 4 

2.1 Effect on Equity Interests of Non-Surviving Persons 4 

2.2 Withholding Rights 5 

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 5 

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Parties 5 

ARTICLE IV MISCELLANEOUS 6 

4.1 Entire Agreement; Construction 6 

4.2 Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures 6 

4.3 Indemnification 6 

4.4 Tax Matters 7 

4.5 Survival 8 

4.6 Notices 8 

4.7 Waiver 8 

4.8 Enforcement 8 

4.9 Successors and Assigns 8 

4.10 Amendment 8 

4.11 Title and Headings 8 

4.12 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 9 

4.13 Specific Performance 9 

4.14 Severability 9 

4.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 9 

4.16 Further Assurances 9 

ARTICLE V DEFINITIONS 10 

5.1 Certain Definitions 10 

5.2 References; Interpretation 11 

i 

Exhibits 

Exhibit A-1 Certificate of Merger (Merger I) 

Exhibit A-2 Certificate of Merger (Merger II) 

Exhibit A-3 Certificate of Merger (Merger III) 

Exhibit A-4 Certificate of Merger (Merger IV) 

Exhibit A-5 Certificate of Merger (Merger V) 

Exhibit B Certificate of Merger (Pubco Mergers) 

Exhibit C
Certificate of Merger (Parallel Intermediate Merger) 

ii 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this Agreement), dated as of January 15, 2025, is entered into by and among WD
Thunder CV LP, a Delaware limited partnership (WD Thunder CV LP), WD Thunder CV IND LP, a Delaware limited partnership (WD ThunderCV IND), WD Thunder CV Parallel LP, a Delaware limited partnership
(WD Thunder CV Parallel and together with WD Thunder CV LP and WD Thunder CV IND, the Flogistix Blocker Shareholders), GEC Partners III GI LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the FPS Blocker
Shareholder), GEC Partners III-B GI LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Estis Blocker Shareholder and together with the Estis Blocker Shareholder and the Flogistix
Blocker Shareholders, the Blocker Shareholders), WDE Flogistix Upper TE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Flogistix Upper TE), WDE Flogistix Upper FI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(Flogistix Upper FI), WD Thunder CV Parallel Blocker LP, a Delaware limited partnership (Flogistix Parallel Blocker), GEC III-GI Estis Blocker Corp., a Delaware
corporation (Estis Blocker), GEC III-GI FPS Blocker Corp., a Delaware corporation (FPS Blocker and together with Flogistix Upper TE, Flogistix Upper FI, Flogistix Parallel
Blocker and Estis Blocker, the Blocker Entities), WD Thunder CV Parallel Intermediate LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Flogistix Parallel Intermediate), Flowco Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation
(Pubco), Flowco MergeCo LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (OpCo), and the Merger Subs (as defined below). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meaning ascribed in the Master
Reorganization Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 (Reorganization Agreement) by and among the Parties. The parties to this Agreement are referred to herein collectively as the Parties and each
individually as a Party. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Parties have entered into the Reorganization Agreement in order to facilitate an underwritten initial public offering (the
IPO) of Pubcos Class A Common Stock; 

WHEREAS, on or prior to the date hereof, Pubco formed Flowco Merger
Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub I), Flowco Merger Sub II, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub II) and Flowco Merger Sub III, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub III),
Flowco Merger Sub IV Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub IV) and Flowco Merger Sub V Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub V and together with Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II, Merger Sub III and Merger Sub
IV, the Merger Subs), in each case, solely for purposes of effectuating the respective Merger Sub Mergers (as defined below) and as direct, wholly-owned Subsidiaries of Pubco; 

WHEREAS, the Parties desire to enter into this Agreement to effect certain reorganization transactions in furtherance of the IPO as
contemplated by the Reorganization Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

THE MERGERS 

1.1 Mergers.

(a) In accordance with the terms set forth herein and in the Certificate of Merger in the respective forms of Exhibit A-1through Exhibit A-5 attached hereto, the following will occur simultaneously: 

(i) Merger Sub I will merge with and into Estis Blocker (Merger I), with Estis Blocker as the surviving
corporation; 

(ii) Merger Sub II will merge with and into FPS Blocker (Merger II), with FPS Blocker as
the surviving corporation; 

(iii) Merger Sub III will merge with and into Flogistix Parallel Blocker (Merger
III), with Flogistix Parallel Blocker as the surviving limited partnership; 

(iv) Merger Sub IV will merge with
and into Flogistix Upper TE (Merger IV), with Flogistix Upper TE as the surviving limited liability company; and 

(v) Merger Sub V will merge with and into Flogistix Upper FI (Merger V and together with Merger I, Merger
II, Merger III and Merger IV, the Merger Sub Mergers and each individually, a Merger Sub Merger), with Flogistix Upper FI as the surviving limited liability company. 

(b) In accordance with the terms set forth herein and in the Certificate of Merger in the respective form of Exhibit B attached hereto,
immediately following the Merger Sub Mergers, each of the Surviving Companies (as defined below) will merge with and into Pubco (collectively, the Pubco Mergers), with Pubco as the surviving corporation. 

(c) In accordance with the terms set forth herein and in the Certificate of Merger in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto,
immediately following the Pubco Mergers, Flogistix Parallel Intermediate will merge with and into Pubco (the Parallel Intermediate Merger and together with the Pubco Mergers and the Merger Sub Mergers, the
Mergers and each individually, a Merger), with Pubco as the surviving corporation. 

1.2
Closing. 

(a) The closing of each Merger (each, a Closing) shall take place, in the order set forth herein,
immediately prior to the closing of the initial public offering of shares of Class A common stock of PubCo (the Closing Date). Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement, there are no conditions to any Partys
obligations to consummate each Closing on the Closing Date. 

2 

(b) On the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in accordance with the
Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act) and the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the DRULPA), and in reliance on the
representations, warranties and covenants made or given in this Agreement: 

(i) at the Closing of Merger I, Merger Sub I
shall be merged with and into Estis Blocker and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub I shall thereupon cease, and Estis Blocker shall be the surviving corporation in Merger I under the DGCL (sometimes hereinafter referred to as the
Surviving Company I). Upon consummation of Merger I, Surviving Company I shall be a direct, wholly-owned Subsidiary of Pubco; 

(ii) at the Closing of Merger II, Merger Sub II shall be merged with and into FPS Blocker and the separate corporate existence
of Merger Sub II shall thereupon cease, and FPS Blocker shall be the surviving corporation in Merger II under the DGCL (sometimes hereinafter referred to as the Surviving Company II). Upon consummation of Merger II, Surviving
Company II shall be a direct, wholly-owned Subsidiary of Pubco; 

(iii) at the Closing of Merger III, Merger Sub III shall
be merged with and into Flogistix Parallel Blocker and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub III shall thereupon cease, and Flogistix Parallel Blocker shall be the surviving limited partnership in Merger III under the DGCL and the DRULPA
(sometimes hereinafter referred to as the Surviving Company III). Upon consummation of Merger III, Surviving Company III shall be a direct, wholly-owned Subsidiary of Pubco; 

(iv) at the Closing of Merger IV, Merger Sub IV shall be merged with and into Flogistix Upper TE and the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub IV shall thereupon cease, and Flogistix Upper TE shall be the surviving limited liability company in Merger IV under the DGLC and the Act (sometimes hereinafter referred to as the Surviving Company IV).
Upon consummation of Merger IV, Surviving Company IV shall be a direct, wholly-owned Subsidiary of Pubco; 

(v) at the
Closing of Merger V, Merger Sub V shall be merged with and into Flogistix Upper FI and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub V shall thereupon cease, and Flogistix Upper FI shall be the surviving limited liability company in Merger V under
the DGLC and the Act (sometimes hereinafter referred to as the Surviving Company V and together with Surviving Company I, Surviving Company II, Surviving Company III and Surviving Company IV, the Surviving
Companies). Upon consummation of Merger V, Surviving Company V shall be a direct, wholly-owned Subsidiary of Pubco; 

(vi) immediately following the Merger Sub Mergers, the Surviving Companies shall be merged with and into Pubco and the separate
corporate, limited liability company and limited partnership existence, as applicable, of each of the Surviving Companies shall thereupon cease, and Pubco shall be the surviving corporation under the DGLC, the DRULPA and the Act; and 

(vii) immediately following the Pubco Mergers, Flogistix Parallel Intermediate shall be merged with and into Pubco and the
separate limited liability company existence of Flogistix Parallel Intermediate shall thereupon cease, and Pubco shall be the surviving corporation under the DGCL and the Act. 

(c) At or prior to the Closing, each Blocker Shareholder shall deliver to Pubco a properly completed and duly executed IRS Form W-9.

3 

1.3 Effective Time. Concurrently with the Closing of the Mergers, the Parties will
cause certificate of mergers, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, to be executed and duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the effective time of each Merger on the Closing Date as specified
in the applicable certificate of merger, the Applicable Merger Effective Time) and shall make all other filings or recordings required under the DGCL, the Act, or the DRULPA, if any, to effect the Mergers. 

1.4 Tax Consequences. The Parties intend that, for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes, each Merger Sub
Merger, taken together with the applicable Pubco Merger in accordance with Exhibit A through Exhibit C will constitute an integrated plan that qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(A) of the Code,
and the documents effectuating such Merger Sub Merger and the applicable Pubco Merger, and this Agreement, shall constitute a plan of reorganization for purposes of Section 368 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder
(the Intended Tax Treatment). Each Party will report and file all applicable U.S. federal and applicable state and local income tax returns consistent with, and not take any action or position inconsistent with, the Intended Tax
Treatment, except as otherwise required pursuant to a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code. 

ARTICLE II 

EFFECT OF THE MERGER
ON CAPITAL STOCK 

2.1 Effect on Equity Interests of Non-Surviving Persons. 

(a) At the Applicable Merger Effective Time, by virtue of Merger I and without any action on the part of any Person, (i) all of the
capital stock of Estis Blocker issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Applicable Merger Effective Time shall automatically be canceled, (ii) Pubco shall issue to the Estis Blocker Shareholder, the current sole shareholder of
Estis Blocker, 407,760 shares of Class A Common Stock, and (iii) Estis Blocker will issue to Pubco one share of common stock of Estis Blocker. 

(b) At the Applicable Merger Effective Time, by virtue of Merger II and without any action on the part of any Person, (i) all of the
capital stock of FPS Blocker issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Applicable Merger Effective Time shall automatically be canceled, (ii) Pubco shall issue to the FPS Blocker Shareholder, the current sole shareholder of FPS
Blocker, 460,797 shares of Class A Common Stock, and (iii) FPS Blocker will issue to Pubco one share of common stock of FPS Blocker. 

(c) At the Applicable Merger Effective Time, by virtue of Merger III and without any action on the part of any Person, (i) all of the
limited partnership interest of Flogistix Parallel Blocker issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Applicable Merger Effective Time shall automatically be canceled, (ii) Pubco shall issue to WD Thunder CV Parallel, the current
sole limited partner of Flogistix Parallel Blocker, 3,010,183 shares of Class A Common Stock, (iii) the existing general partner interest of Flogistix Parallel Blocker issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Applicable Merger
Effective Time shall automatically be canceled without consideration, and (iv) OpCo will be issued a general partner interest and admitted as the sole general partner of Flogistix Parallel Blocker pursuant to an agreement of limited partnership
in a form executed by OpCo and Pubco. 

4 

(d) At the Applicable Merger Effective Time, by virtue of Merger IV and without any action
on the part of any Person, (i) all of the membership interest of Flogistix Upper TE issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Applicable Merger Effective Time shall automatically be canceled and cease to exist, (ii) Pubco shall
issue to the Flogistix Blocker Shareholders an aggregate of 127,697 shares of Class A Common Stock, pro rata in accordance with their respective membership interests in Flogistix Upper TE as of immediately prior to the Applicable Merger
Effective Time, and (iii) Pubco will be admitted as the sole member of Flogistix Upper TE pursuant to a limited liability company agreement in a form executed by Pubco. 

(e) At the Applicable Merger Effective Time, by virtue of Merger V and without any action on the part of any Person, (i) all of the
membership interest of Flogistix Upper FI issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Applicable Merger Effective Time shall automatically be canceled and cease to exist, (ii) Pubco shall issue to the Flogistix Blocker Shareholders an
aggregate of 187,554 shares of Class A Common Stock, pro rata in accordance with their respective membership interests in Flogistix Upper FI as of immediately prior to the Applicable Merger Effective Time, and (iii) Pubco will be admitted
as the sole member of Flogistix Upper FI pursuant to a limited liability company agreement in a form executed by Pubco. 

(f) At the
Applicable Merger Effective Time, by virtue of the Pubco Mergers and without any action on the part of any Person, (i) all of the common stock of each of Surviving Company I and Surviving Company II, (ii) the general partner interest and
the limited partnership interest of Surviving Company III, and (iii) the membership interest of each of Surviving Company IV and Surviving Company V, shall be automatically cancelled and cease to exist. 

(g) At the Applicable Merger Effective Time, by virtue of the Parallel Intermediate Merger and without any action on the part of any Person,
all of the membership interest of Flogistix Parallel Intermediate issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Applicable Merger Effective Time shall automatically be canceled and cease to exist. 

2.2 Withholding Rights. Pubco and its Affiliates and agents shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any amounts otherwise
required to be paid pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as are required to be deducted and withheld under the Code or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law, and Pubco shall properly remit, or cause to be remitted, such amounts to the
relevant Governmental Entity. Any deducted or withheld amounts that are properly remitted to the relevant Governmental Entity shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Persons otherwise entitled thereto. 

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES 

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Parties. The Parties herby affirm to each other Party the representations and
warranties made by each such Party set forth in Article IV of the Reorganization Agreement, as applicable, as if made on and as of the date hereof. 

5 

ARTICLE IV 

MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 Entire
Agreement; Construction. This Agreement, including the Reorganization Agreement and the Exhibits, shall constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede all previous negotiations,
commitments, course of dealings and writings with respect to such subject matter. 

4.2 Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile, e-mail or
.pdf format signature(s). 

4.3 Indemnification.

(a) The Estis Blocker Shareholder shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Pubco from and against any and all Damages suffered by Pubco and
its Subsidiaries (including, following the Closing, the Surviving Companies) by reason of or resulting from (i) any Liabilities (other than Taxes) of Estis Blocker attributable to the period prior to the Applicable Merger Effective Time, and
(ii) any Taxes of Estis Blocker attributable to any taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending on or prior to the Closing Date (determined, in the case of any Straddle Period, in accordance with Section 4.4(a)). 

(b) The FPS Blocker Shareholder shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Pubco from and against any and all Damages suffered by Pubco and its
Subsidiaries (including, following the Closing, the Surviving Companies) by reason of or resulting from (i) any Liabilities (other than Taxes) of FPS Blocker attributable to the period prior to the Applicable Merger Effective Time, and
(ii) any Taxes of FPS Blocker attributable to any taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending on or prior to the Closing Date (determined, in the case of any Straddle Period, in accordance with Section 4.4(a)). 

(c) WD Thunder CV Parallel shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Pubco from and against any and all Damages suffered by Pubco and its
Subsidiaries (including, following the Closing, the Surviving Companies) by reason of or resulting from (i) any Liabilities (other than Taxes) of Flogistix Parallel Blocker attributable to the period prior to the Applicable Merger Effective
Time, and (ii) any Taxes of Flogistix Parallel Blocker attributable to any taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending on or prior to the Closing Date (determined, in the case of any Straddle Period, in accordance with
Section 4.4(a)). 

(d) Each of the Flogistix Blocker Shareholders shall, severally but not jointly in accordance
with such Flogistix Blocker Shareholders respective membership interests in Flogistix Upper TE as of immediately prior to the Applicable Merger Effective Time, indemnify, defend and hold harmless Pubco from and against any and all Damages
suffered by Pubco and its Subsidiaries (including, following the Closing, the Surviving Companies) by reason of or resulting from (i) any Liabilities (other than Taxes) of Flogistix Upper TE attributable to the period prior to the Applicable
Merger Effective Time, and (ii) any Taxes of Flogistix Upper TE attributable to any taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending on or prior to the Closing Date (determined, in the case of any Straddle Period, in accordance with
Section 4.4(a)). 

(e) Each of the Flogistix Blocker Shareholders shall, severally but not jointly in accordance
with such Flogistix Blocker Shareholders respective membership interests in Flogistix Upper FI as of immediately prior to the Applicable Merger Effective Time, indemnify, defend and hold harmless Pubco from and against any and all Damages
suffered by Pubco and its Subsidiaries (including, following the Closing, the Surviving Companies) by reason of or resulting from (i) any Liabilities (other than Taxes) of Flogistix Upper FI attributable to the period prior to the Applicable
Merger Effective Time, and (ii) any Taxes of Flogistix Upper FI attributable to any taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending on or prior to the Closing Date (determined, in the case of any Straddle Period, in accordance with
Section 4.4(a)). 

6 

(f) For purposes of determining the amount of any Damages that are indemnifiable pursuant to
this Section 4.3, any such Damages with respect to a Blocker Entity shall be reduced, dollar-for-dollar but not below zero, by the amount of
any cash and cash equivalents and other current assets of such Blocker Entity as of the Applicable Merger Effective Time. 

4.4 Tax
Matters. 

(a) For the purposes of this Agreement, in the case of any taxable period that includes (but does not end on) the Closing
Date (a Straddle Period), (a) the amount of any Taxes, other than Taxes described in clause (b), attributable to the portion of such Straddle Period ending on the Closing Date will be determined based on an interim closing of the
books as of the end of the day on the Closing Date, and (b) the amount of any property, ad valorem or similar Taxes imposed on a period basis attributable to the portion of such Straddle Period ending on the Closing Date will be deemed to be
the amount of such Taxes for the entire Straddle Period, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the portion of such Straddle Period ending on and including the Closing Date, and the denominator of which is the
total number of days in such Straddle Period. For the purposes of determining Taxes that are attributable to a taxable period (or portion thereof) ending on or prior to the Closing Date, if any Blocker Entity is a partner in a partnership (including
OpCo) such Blocker Entity shall be treated, solely for purposes of determining the year to which the partnerships items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit are allocated, as selling or exchanging its entire interest in the partnership
at the end of the Closing Date, and such allocation shall be based on an interim closing of the books as of the end of the day on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 706 of the Code. 

(b) Pubco shall prepare and file all Tax Returns required to be filed by the Blocker Entities with respect to any taxable period beginning on
or prior to the Closing Date in a reasonable and good faith manner and consistent with past practices of such Blocker Entity, except as required by applicable Law. Pubco shall provide, or cause to be provided, to the applicable Blocker
Shareholder(s), a copy of any such Tax Return at least 30 days prior to filing for review, comment and written approval by the applicable Blocker Shareholder(s) prior to filing (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).
Unless otherwise required by applicable Law, Pubco shall not, and shall not cause or permit any Blocker Entity to, amend any Tax Return of a Blocker Entity with respect to any taxable period (or portions thereof) ending on or prior to the Closing
Date without the prior written approval of the applicable Blocker Shareholder(s) (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 

(c) Pubco shall conduct any audit or other proceeding with respect to Taxes of each Blocker Entity attributable to any taxable period (or
portion thereof) ending on or prior to the Closing Date (each, a Tax Proceeding) in a reasonable and good faith manner. Without limiting the foregoing, Pubco (i) shall inform the applicable Blocker Shareholder(s) within 10
days of the receipt of any notice of such Tax Proceeding, (ii) shall keep such applicable Blocker Shareholder(s) informed of all material communications with the relevant taxing authority and allow such applicable Blocker Shareholder(s) to
participate, at their own expense, in such Tax Proceeding, and (iii) shall not settle or compromise, or permit any Blocker Entity to settle or compromise any such Tax Proceeding without the prior written approval of the applicable Blocker
Shareholder(s) (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 

7 

(d) Any refund (or credit or offset in lieu thereof) of Taxes of a Blocker Entity (other
than any refund resulting from the carryback of a net operating loss or other Tax attribute from a period beginning after the Closing Date to a period ending on or prior to the Closing Date) received by a Blocker Entity (or by Pubco or its
Subsidiaries with respect to a Blocker Entity) for any taxable period (or portions thereof) ending on or prior to the Closing Date (determined, in the case of any Straddle Period, in accordance with Section 4.4(a)) shall be
for the account of the applicable Blocker Shareholder(s). Pubco shall pay over, or cause to be paid over, to the applicable Blocker Shareholder(s) the amount of any such refund, credit or offset (including any interest received from a Governmental
Authority in respect thereof), net of any reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred by Pubco or its affiliates in obtaining such refund or credit, within fifteen
(15) days after receipt thereof or, in the case of a credit in lieu of a Tax refund, after Pubco files a Tax Return on which such credit results in a reduction in cash Taxes owed. 

4.5 Survival. This Article IV, Section 1.4, and those covenants and agreements contained herein and
therein that by their terms expressly apply in whole or in part after the Closings shall survive the consummation of the Mergers. All other representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in this Agreement shall not survive the consummation of
the Mergers. 

4.6 Notices. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be
given as set forth in Section 5.3 of the Reorganization Agreement. 

4.7 Waiver The failure of any party to enforce any of the
provisions of this Agreement shall in no way be construed as a waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the right of such party thereafter to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement in accordance with its terms. 

4.8 Enforcement. Each Party hereto acknowledges that money damages would not be an adequate remedy in the event that any of the
covenants or agreements in this Agreement are not performed in accordance with its terms, and it is therefore agreed that in addition to and without limiting any other remedy or right it may have, the
non-breaching party will have the right to an injunction, temporary restraining order or other equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction enjoining any such breach and enforcing specifically the
terms and provisions hereof. 

4.9 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

4.10 Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified or
amended except by an agreement in writing signed by Pubco and the Blocker Entity Shareholders. 

4.11 Title and Headings. Titles and
headings to sections herein are inserted for the convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

8 

4.12 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. 

(a) This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law rules of
such State that would result in the application of the laws of any other State. 

(b) The Parties hereto agree that any suit, action or
proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (whether brought by any Party or any of its affiliates or against any party or any of
its affiliates) shall be brought in the Delaware Chancery Court or, if such court shall not have jurisdiction, any federal court located in the State of Delaware or other Delaware state court, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably consents to
the jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying
of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on
any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court. Without limiting the foregoing, each party agrees that service of process on such party as provided in Section 4.6 shall be deemed
effective service of process on such party. 

4.13 Specific Performance. In the event of any actual or threatened default in, or
breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement, the Parties agree that the Party or Parties to this Agreement who are or are to be thereby aggrieved shall have the right to specific performance and injunctive or other
equitable relief of its or their rights under this Agreement, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. The Parties agree that the remedies at law for any breach
or threatened breach of this Agreement, including monetary damages, are inadequate compensation for any monetary loss, that any defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate is hereby waived, and that any
requirements for the securing or posting of any bond with such remedy are hereby waived. 

4.14 Severability. Whenever possible,
each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or
rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal
or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 

4.15 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

4.16 Further Assurances. At any time or from time to time after the date hereof, the Parties agree to cooperate with each other, and at
the request of any other Party, to execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and to take all such further action as the other Party may reasonably request in order to evidence or effectuate the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and to otherwise carry out the intent of the Parties hereunder. 

9 

ARTICLE V 

DEFINITIONS 

5.1 Certain
Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified in this Section 5.1: 

Affiliate means, when used with respect to a specified Person and at a point in, or with respect to a period of, time, a
Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified Person at such point in or during such period of time. For the purposes of this definition,
control, when used with respect to any specified Person shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of
voting securities or other interests, by contract or otherwise. 

Damages means any and all losses, damages,
liabilities, Taxes, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses); provided, however that Damages shall not include (a) punitive damages, unless any of the foregoing are actually awarded and paid to a
third party as part of a third party claim, (b) lost profits, lost opportunity or diminution in reputation or (c) indirect losses, special damages, consequential damages or diminution in value unless such damages were the reasonably
foreseeable result of the underlying event or Action giving rise to such Damages. 

Governmental Entity means any nation
or government, any state, municipality or other political subdivision thereof and any entity, body, agency, commission, department, board, bureau or court, whether domestic, foreign, multinational, or supranational exercising executive, legislative,
judicial, regulatory, self-regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any executive official thereof. 

Law means applicable U.S. or non-U.S. federal, national, supranational, state,
provincial, local or similar statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, income tax treaty, order, requirement or rule of law (including common law) or other binding directives promulgated, issued, entered into or taken by any Governmental
Entity. 

Liabilities means any and all indebtedness, liabilities, costs, expenses, Taxes, interest and obligations,
whether accrued or fixed, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, known or unknown, reserved or unreserved, or determined or determinable, including those arising under any Law, Action, whether asserted or unasserted, or order, writ, judgment,
injunction, decree, stipulation, determination or award entered by or with any Governmental Entity and those arising under any contract or any fines, damages or equitable relief which may be imposed and including all costs and expenses related
thereto. 

Person means any natural person, firm, individual, corporation, business trust, joint venture, association,
bank, land trust, trust company, company, limited liability company, partnership, or other organization or entity, whether incorporated or unincorporated, or any Governmental Entity. 

Subsidiary means with respect to any Person (i) a corporation, 50% or more of the voting or capital stock of which is,
as of the time in question, directly or indirectly owned by such Person; and (ii) any other Person in which such Person, directly or indirectly, owns 50% or more of the equity or economic interest thereof or has the power to elect or direct the
election of 50% or more of the members of the governing body of such entity. 

10 

Tax or Taxes means (a) all taxes, charges, fees,
duties, levies, imposts, rates or other assessments or governmental charges in the nature of a tax imposed by any federal, state, local or non-United States Taxing Authority, including, without limitation,
income, gross receipts, employment, estimated, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, environmental, custom duties, property, sales, use, license, capital stock, transfer, franchise, registration, payroll, withholding,
social security, unemployment, disability, value added, alternative or add-on minimum or other taxes, whether disputed or not, and including any interests, penalties, charges or additions attributable thereto,
(b) liability for the payment of any amount of the type described in clause (a) above arising as a result of being (or having been) a member of any group or being (or having been) included or required to be included in any Tax Return
related thereto, and (c) liability for the payment of any amount of the type described in clauses (a) or (b) above as a result of transferee or successor liability or any express or implied obligation to indemnify or otherwise assume or
succeed to the liability of any other Person. 

Tax Return shall mean any return, report, certificate, form or similar
statement or document (including any related supporting information or schedule attached thereto and any information return, amended tax return, claim for refund or declaration of estimated tax) supplied to or filed with, or required to be supplied
to or filed with, a Taxing Authority, in each case, in connection with the determination, assessment or collection of any Tax or the administration of any laws, regulations or administrative requirements relating to any Tax. 

Taxing Authority shall mean any Governmental Entity or any subdivision, agency, commission or entity thereof or any
quasi-governmental or private body having jurisdiction over the assessment, determination, collection or imposition of any Tax (including the Internal Revenue Service). 

5.2 References; Interpretation. References in this Agreement to any gender include references to all genders, and references to the
singular include references to the plural and vice versa. Unless the context otherwise requires, the words include, includes and including when used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase
without limitation. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Agreement to Articles, Sections, and Exhibits shall be deemed references to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits to, this Agreement. Unless the context
otherwise requires, the words hereof, hereby and herein and words of similar meaning when used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular Article, Section or provision of
this Agreement. The words written request when used in this Agreement shall include email. Reference in this Agreement to any time shall be to New York City, New York time unless otherwise expressly provided herein. References to any
statute shall be deemed to refer to such statute as amended from time to time and to any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, whenever a Partys consent is required under this Agreement, such
consent may be withheld, delayed or conditioned by such Party in its sole and absolute discretion, and whenever any action hereunder is at a Partys discretion, such action shall be at such Partys sole and absolute discretion. 

[Signature page follows] 

11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the
date first written above. 

Flowco Holdings Inc.

By: 

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President

Flowco MergeCo LLC

By: 

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Agreement and Plan ofMerger] 

Flogistix Holdings LLC

By: 

Name: Brooks Mims Talton III

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Agreement and Plan ofMerger] 

GEC Estis Holdings LLC

By: 

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Manager

Flowco Production Solutions, L.L.C.

By: 

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Manager

GEC III-GI Estis Blocker Corp.

By: 

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Director

GEC III-B-GI LP

By: GEC Group B Ltd., its general partner

By: 

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Agreement and Plan ofMerger] 

GEC III-GI FPS Blocker Corp.

By: 

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Director

GEC III-GI LP

By: GEC Capital Group III, LP, its general partner

By: GEC Group
Ltd., its general partner

By: 

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Agreement and Plan ofMerger] 

WD Thunder CV Parallel Blocker LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV
Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: 

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WDE Flogistix Upper FI, LLC

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its Manager

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate
GP LLC, its General Partner

By: 

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WDE Flogistix Upper TE, LLC

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its Manager

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate
GP LLC, its General Partner

By: 

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to
Agreement and Plan ofMerger] 

WD Thunder CV Parallel LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV
Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: 

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WD Thunder CV IND LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV
Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: 

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to
Agreement and Plan ofMerger] 

WD Thunder CV LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV
Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: 

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WD Thunder CV Parallel Intermediate LLC

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its Manager

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate
GP LLC, its General Partner

By: 

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to
Agreement and Plan ofMerger] 

Flowco Merger Sub I Inc.

By: Flowco Holdings Inc., its sole stockholder

By: 

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Director

Flowco Merger Sub II Inc.

By: Flowco Holdings Inc., its sole stockholder

By: 

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Director

Flowco Merger Sub III Inc.

By: Flowco Holdings Inc., its sole stockholder

By: 

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Director

Flowco Merger Sub IV Inc.

By: Flowco Holdings Inc., its sole stockholder

By: 

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Agreement and Plan ofMerger] 

Flowco Merger Sub V Inc.

By: Flowco Holdings Inc., its sole stockholder

By: 

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Agreement and Plan ofMerger] 

EXHIBIT A-1

Certificate of Merger (Merger I) 

CERTIFICATE OF MERGER 

MERGING 

FLOWCO MERGER
SUB I INC. 

WITH AND INTO 

GEC III-GI ESTIS BLOCKER CORP. 

January 17, 2025 

Pursuant
to Title 8, Section 251of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), the undersigned corporation executed the following Certificate of Merger: 

1. The name and state of incorporation of each of the constituent entities of the merger (the Constituent Entities) are as follows:

Name 

State Of
Incorporation

Flowco Merger Sub I Inc. Delaware

GEC III-GI Estis Blocker Corp. Delaware

2. An agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement) has been approved, adopted, certified,
executed and acknowledged by each of the Constituent Entities the DGCL. 

3. The name of the surviving corporation is GEC III-GI Estis Blocker Corp. (the Surviving Company). 

4. The Certificate of Incorporation of
the Surviving Company shall be its Certificate of Incorporation. 

5. The executed Merger Agreement is on file at 1300 Post Oak Blvd.,
Suite 450, Houston, TX 77056, the place of business of the Surviving Company. 

6. A copy of the Merger Agreement will be furnished by the
Surviving Company, on request and without cost, to any stockholder of any of the Constituent Entities. 

7. This Certificate of Merger
shall be effective upon filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

[Remainder of this page intentionally left
blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Surviving Company has caused this certificate to be signed by
an authorized officer as of the 17 day of January, 2025. 

GEC III-GI ESTIS BLOCKER CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT A-2

Certificate of Merger (Merger II) 

CERTIFICATE OF MERGER 

MERGING 

FLOWCO MERGER
SUB II INC. 

WITH AND INTO 

GEC III - GI FPS BLOCKER CORP. 

January 17, 2025 

Pursuant
to Title 8, Section 251of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), the undersigned corporation executed the following Certificate of Merger: 

1. The name and state of incorporation of each of the constituent entities of the merger (the Constituent Entities) are as follows:

Name 

State Of
Incorporation

Flowco Merger Sub II Inc. Delaware

GEC III - GI FPS Blocker Corp. Delaware

2. An agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement) has been approved, adopted, certified,
executed and acknowledged by each of the Constituent Entities in accordance with the DGCL. 

3. The name of the surviving corporation is
GEC III GI FPS Blocker Corp. (the Surviving Company). 

4. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Company
shall be its Certificate of Incorporation. 

5. The executed Merger Agreement is on file at 1300 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 450, Houston, Texas
77056, the place of business of the Surviving Company. 

6. A copy of the Merger Agreement will be furnished by the Surviving Company, on
request and without cost, to any stockholder of any of the Constituent Entities. 

7. This Certificate of Merger shall be effective upon
filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Surviving Company has caused this certificate to be signed by
an authorized officer as of the 17 day of January, 2025. 

GEC III - GI FPS BLOCKER CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT A-3

Certificate of Merger (Merger III) 

CERTIFICATE OF MERGER 

MERGING 

FLOWCO MERGER
SUB III INC. 

WITH AND INTO 

WD THUNDER CV PARALLEL BLOCKER LP 

January 17, 2025 

Pursuant
to Title 8, Section 263of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), Section 17-211 Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the DRULPA), the
undersigned limited partnership executed the following Certificate of Merger: 

1. The name and state of incorporation or formation of each
of the constituent entities of the merger (the Constituent Entities) are as follows: 

Name 

State Of Incorporation or
Formation

Flowco Merger Sub III Inc. Delaware

WD Thunder CV Parallel Blocker LP Delaware

2. An agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement) has been approved, adopted, certified,
executed and acknowledged by each of the Constituent Entities in accordance with the DGCL and the DRULPA. 

3. The name of the surviving
limited partnership is WD Thunder CV Parallel Blocker LP (the Surviving Entity). 

4. The Certificate of Limited Partnership of
the Surviving Entity shall be amended and restated in the form attached hereto as Annex I. 

5. The executed Merger Agreement is on
file at 1300 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 450, Houston, TX 77056, the place of business of the Surviving Entity. 

6. A copy of the Merger
Agreement will be furnished by the Surviving Company, on request and without cost, to any stockholder or partner of any of the Constituent Entities. 

7. This Certificate of Merger shall be effective upon filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Surviving Entity has caused this certificate to be signed by
the general partner as of the 17 day of January, 2025. 

WD THUNDER CV PARALLEL BLOCKER LP

By: Flowco MergeCo LLC, its General Partner

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ANNEX I 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Limited Partnership 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 

OF 

WD THUNDER CV
PARALLEL BLOCKER LP 

January 17, 2025 

1. Name. The name of the limited partnership is WD Thunder CV Parallel Blocker LP (the Partnership). 

2. Registered Office; Registered Agent. The address of the registered office of the Partnership required to be maintained by Section 17-104 of the Act is: 

Corporation Trust Center 

1209 Orange Street 

Wilmington,
Delaware 19801 

The name and the address of the registered agent for service of process required to be maintained by Section 17-104 of the Act are: 

The Corporation Trust Company 

1209 Orange Street 

Wilmington,
Delaware 19801 

3. General Partner. The name and mailing address of the sole general partner is: 

Flowco MergeCo LLC 

1300 Post Oak
Blvd., Suite 450 

Houston, Texas 77056 

4. Effective Date. This Certificate of Limited Partnership shall become effective upon filing with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware. 

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank] 

EXHIBIT A-4

Certificate of Merger (Merger IV) 

CERTIFICATE OF MERGER 

MERGING 

FLOWCO MERGER
SUB IV INC. 

WITH AND INTO 

WDE FLOGISTIX UPPER TE, LLC 

January 17, 2025 

Pursuant to
Title 8, Section 264(c)of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL) and Section 18-209 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act), the undersigned
limited liability company executed the following Certificate of Merger: 

1. The name and state of incorporation or formation of each of the
constituent entities of the merger (the Constituent Entities) are as follows: 

Name 

State of Incorporation or
Formation

Flowco Merger Sub IV Inc. Delaware

WDE Flogistix Upper TE, LLC Delaware

2. An agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement) has been approved, adopted, certified,
executed and acknowledged by each of the Constituent Entities in accordance with the DGCL and the Act. 

3. The name of the surviving
limited liability company is WDE Flogistix Upper TE, LLC (the Surviving Company). 

4. The Certificate of Formation of the
surviving limited liability company shall be its Certificate of Formation. 

5. The executed Merger Agreement is on file at 1300 Post Oak
Blvd., Suite 450, Houston, TX 77056, the place of business of the Surviving Company. 

6. A copy of the Merger Agreement will be furnished
by the Surviving Company, on request and without cost, to any stockholder or member of any of the Constituent Entities. 

7. This
Certificate of Merger shall be effective upon filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

[Remainder of this page
intentionally left blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Surviving Company has caused this certificate to be signed by
an authorized officer as of the 17 day of January, 2025. 

WDE FLOGISTIX UPPER TE, LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT A-5

Certificate of Merger (Merger V) 

CERTIFICATE OF MERGER 

MERGING 

FLOWCO MERGER
SUB V INC. 

WITH AND INTO 

WDE FLOGISTIX UPPER FI, LLC 

January 17, 2025 

Pursuant
to Title 8, Section 264(c)of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL) and Section 18-209 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act), the
undersigned limited liability company executed the following Certificate of Merger: 

1. The name and state of incorporation or formation of
each of the constituent entities of the merger (the Constituent Entities) are as follows: 

Name 

State Of Incorporation or
Formation

Flowco Merger Sub V Inc. Delaware

WDE Flogistix Upper FI, LLC Delaware

2. An agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement) has been approved, adopted, certified,
executed and acknowledged by each of the Constituent Entities in accordance with the DGCL and the Act. 

3. The name of the surviving
limited liability company is WDE Flogistix Upper FI, LLC (the Surviving Company). 

4. The Certificate of Formation of the
Surviving Company shall be its Certificate of Formation. 

5. The executed Merger Agreement is on file at 1300 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 450,
Houston, TX 77056, the place of business of the Surviving Company. 

6. A copy of the Merger Agreement will be furnished by the Surviving
Company, on request and without cost, to any stockholder or member of any of the Constituent Entities. 

7. This Certificate of Merger
shall be effective upon filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

[Remainder of this page intentionally left
blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Surviving Company has caused this certificate to be signed by
an authorized officer as of the 17 day of January, 2025. 

WDE FLOGISTIX UPPER FI, LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT B 

Certificate of Merger (Pubco Mergers) 

CERTIFICATE OF MERGER 

MERGING 

GEC III-GI ESTIS BLOCKER CORP., 

GEC III - GI FPS BLOCKER CORP., 

WD THUNDER CV PARALLEL BLOCKER LP, 

WDE FLOGISTIX UPPER TE, LLC, 

WDE FLOGISTIX UPPER FI, LLC 

WITH AND INTO 

FLOWCO
HOLDINGS INC. 

January 17, 2025 

Pursuant to Title 8, Section 251, 263 and 264(c)of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), Section 18-209 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act) and Section 17- 211 Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act
(DRULPA), the undersigned corporation executed the following Certificate of Merger: 

1. The name and state of incorporation or
formation of each of the constituent entities of the merger (the Constituent Entities) are as follows: 

Name 

State Of Incorporation or
Formation

GEC III-GI Estis Blocker Corp. Delaware

GEC III GI FPS Blocker Corp. Delaware

WD Thunder CV Parallel Blocker LP Delaware

WDE Flogistix Upper TE, LLC Delaware

WDE Flogistix Upper FI, LLC Delaware

Flowco Holdings Inc. Delaware

2. An agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement) has been approved, adopted, certified,
executed and acknowledged by each of the Constituent Entities in accordance with the DGCL, the Act and DRUPLA. 

3. The name of the
surviving corporation is Flowco Holdings Inc. (the Surviving Company) 

4. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
Company shall be its Certificate of Incorporation. 

5. The executed Merger Agreement is on file at 1300 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 450,
Houston, TX 77056, the place of business of the Surviving Company. 

6. A copy of the Merger Agreement will be furnished by the Surviving
Company, on request and without cost, to any stockholder, member or limited partner of any of the Constituent Entities. 

7. This Certificate of Merger shall be effective upon filing with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware. 

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Surviving Company has caused this certificate to be signed by
an authorized officer as of the 17 day of January, 2025. 

FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT C 

Certificate of Merger (Parallel Intermediate Merger) 

CERTIFICATE OF MERGER 

MERGING 

WD THUNDER CV
PARALLEL INTERMEDIATE LLC 

WITH AND INTO 

FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC. 

January 17, 2025 

Pursuant
to Title 8, Section 264(c)of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL) and Section 18-209 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act), the
undersigned limited liability company executed the following Certificate of Merger: 

1. The name and state of incorporation or formation of
each of the constituent entities of the merger (the Constituent Entities) are as follows: 

Name 

State Of Incorporation or
Formation

WD Thunder CV Parallel Intermediate LLC Delaware

Flowco Holdings Inc. Delaware

2. An agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement) has been approved, adopted, certified,
executed and acknowledged by each of the Constituent Entities in accordance with the DGCL and the Act. 

3. The name of the surviving
corporation is Flowco Holdings Inc. (the Surviving Company). 

4. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Company
shall be its Certificate of Incorporation. 

5. The executed Merger Agreement is on file at 1300 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 450, Houston, TX
77056, the place of business of the Surviving Company. 

6. A copy of the Merger Agreement will be furnished by the Surviving Company, on
request and without cost, to any stockholder or member of any of the Constituent Entities. 

7. This Certificate of Merger shall be
effective upon filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Surviving Company has caused this certificate to be signed by
an authorized officer as of the 17 day of January, 2025. 

FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit G 

Tax Receivable Agreement 

29 

Exhibit H 

Stockholders Agreement 

30 

Exhibit I 

Registration Rights Agreement 

31 

Exhibit J 

2025 Equity and Incentive Plan 

32 

Schedule I -Blocker Entities, Blocker Merger Subs and Blocker Entity Shareholders 

Blocker Entities 

Domicile

GEC III-GI Estis Blocker Corp. Delaware

GEC III-GI FPS Blocker Corp. Delaware

WD Thunder CV Parallel Blocker LP Delaware

WDE Flogistix Upper TE, LLC Delaware

WDE Flogistix Upper FI, LLC Delaware

Blocker Entity
Shareholders 

GEC III-B-GI LP Bermuda

GEC III-GI LP Bermuda

WD Thunder CV IND LP Delaware

WD Thunder CV LP Delaware

WD Thunder CV Parallel LP Delaware

Blocker Merger Subs 

Flowco Merger Sub I Inc. Delaware

Flowco Merger Sub II Inc. Delaware

Flowco Merger Sub III Inc. Delaware

Flowco Merger Sub IV Inc. Delaware

Flowco Merger Sub V Inc. Delaware

33 

Schedule II Holdings Entity IPO Liquidating Distribution Schedules 

(See attached) 

34
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d857846dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT 

between 

FLOWCO
HOLDINGS INC. 

and 

THE PERSONS NAMED HEREIN 

Dated as of January 17, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 2 

Section 1.1. Definitions 2 

ARTICLE II DETERMINATION OF CERTAIN REALIZED TAX BENEFIT 13 

Section 2.1. Basis Adjustments; 754 Election 13 

Section 2.2. Basis Schedule 14 

Section 2.3. Tax Benefit Schedule 14 

Section 2.4. Procedures, Amendments 16 

ARTICLE III TAX BENEFIT PAYMENTS 17 

Section 3.1. Payments 17 

Section 3.2. No Duplicative Payments 18 

Section 3.3. Pro Rata Payments 18 

Section 3.4. Payment Ordering 18 

Section 3.5. Limitation 19 

Section 3.6. IPO Basis 19 

ARTICLE IV TERMINATION 20 

Section 4.1. Early Termination of Agreement; Breach of Agreement 20 

Section 4.2. Early Termination Notice 21 

Section 4.3. Payment upon Early Termination 22 

ARTICLE V SUBORDINATION AND LATE PAYMENTS 22 

Section 5.1. Subordination 22 

Section 5.2. Late Payments by PubCo 22 

ARTICLE VI NO DISPUTES; CONSISTENCY; COOPERATION 23 

Section 6.1. Participation in PubCos and OpCos Tax Matters 23 

Section 6.2. Consistency 23 

Section 6.3. Cooperation 23 

ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS 24 

Section 7.1. Notices 24 

Section 7.2. Counterparts 25 

Section 7.3. Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries 25 

Section 7.4. Governing Law 25 

Section 7.5. Severability 25 

Section 7.6. Successors; Assignment; Amendments; Waivers 25 

Section 7.7. Titles and Subtitles 26 

Section 7.8. Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 26 

Section 7.9. Reconciliation 27 

Section 7.10. Withholding 28 

i 

Section 7.11. Admission of PubCo into a Consolidated Group; Transfers of Corporate Assets 28 

Section 7.12. Confidentiality 29 

Section 7.13. Change in Law 30 

Section 7.14. TRA Party Representative 30 

ii 

TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT 

This TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), is dated as of January 17, 2025, and is among Flowco
Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (including any successor corporation, PubCo), each of the TRA Party Representatives (as defined herein) and each of the other undersigned parties, and each of the other Persons from
time to time that become a party hereto (each, excluding PubCo and the TRA Party Representatives, a TRA Party and together the TRA Parties). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS,
the TRA Parties directly or indirectly hold or held membership interests in OpCo (as defined below) (the Units), which is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income Tax (as defined below) purposes; 

WHEREAS, after the IPO (as defined below), PubCo will be the managing member of OpCo, and holds and will hold, directly and/or
indirectly, Units; 

WHEREAS, each of the Blockers (as defined below) was classified as an association taxable as a corporation for
U.S. federal income Tax purposes; 

WHEREAS, as a result of certain reorganization transactions undertaken in connection with the
IPO, (i) each of the Blocker Merger Subs merged with and into a Blocker (as defined below) (the Blocker Mergers), and (ii) in connection with the Blocker Mergers, the Blocker Shareholders (as defined below)
interests in each Blocker were automatically converted into a right to receive Class A common stock of PubCo, par value $0.001 per share (the Class A Shares) and rights pursuant to this
Agreement, and immediately thereafter, each of the Blockers merged with and into PubCo (such transactions together, the Reorganization); 

WHEREAS, as a result of the Reorganization, PubCo will obtain the benefit of the Blocker Transferred Basis (as defined below); 

WHEREAS, in connection with the IPO, PubCo will (directly or indirectly) acquire IPO Units (as defined below) for a contribution of
cash to OpCo (the IPO Exchange, which excludes, for the avoidance of doubt, any contributions of cash used by OpCo to fund the IPO Unit Redemption); 

WHEREAS, as a result of the IPO Exchange, PubCo will be entitled to obtain the benefit of the IPO Basis (as defined below); 

WHEREAS, the Units held by the TRA Parties may be exchanged for Class A Shares, in accordance with and subject to the provisions
of the OpCo Agreement (as defined below) and/or for cash or other property; 

WHEREAS, OpCo and each of its direct and indirect Subsidiaries (as defined below)
treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income Tax purposes will have in effect an election under Section 754 of the Code (as defined below), for each Taxable Year (as defined below) that includes the IPO Date (as defined below) and for each
Taxable Year in which a taxable acquisition (including a deemed taxable acquisition under Section 707(a) of the Code) or non-taxable acquisition of Units by PubCo from any of the TRA Parties (an
Exchanging Holder) for Class A Shares and/or other consideration or redemption by OpCo, in each case, in connection with the IPO or after the IPO Date (any such acquisition from an Exchanging Holder, including any
deemed taxable acquisition under Section 707(a) of the Code, or redemption, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the IPO Exchange and the IPO Unit Redemption, an Exchange) occurs; 

WHEREAS, as a result of an Exchange, PubCo will be entitled to use the Exchange Basis (as defined below) and the Basis Adjustments (as
defined below) relating to such Units received (or deemed received for U.S. federal income tax purposes) in the Exchange; 

WHEREAS,
the income, gain, loss, expense and other Tax items of PubCo may be affected by the (i) Blocker Transferred Basis, (ii) IPO Basis, (iii) Exchange Basis, (iv) Basis Adjustments and (vi) Imputed Interest (as defined below)
(collectively, the Tax Attributes); and 

WHEREAS, the parties to this Agreement desire to provide for
certain payments and make certain arrangements with respect to the effect of the Tax Attributes on the liability for Taxes of PubCo. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective covenants and agreements set forth herein, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

SECTION 1.1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the terms set forth in this Article I shall
have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined). 

Acquired Units means the Units acquired, directly or indirectly, by PubCo in the Reorganization. 

Actual Tax Liability means, with respect to any Taxable Year, the sum of (i) (A) the liability for U.S. federal
income Taxes of PubCo and (B) without duplication, the portion of any liability for U.S. federal income Taxes imposed directly on OpCo (or OpCos applicable Subsidiaries or other Persons in which OpCo owns a direct or indirect equity
interest) under Section 6225 or any similar provision of the Code that is allocable to PubCo under Section 704 of the Code or otherwise attributable to PubCo in accordance with the OpCo Agreement and (ii) the product of the amount of
the U.S. federal taxable income for such taxable year reported on PubCos IRS Form 1120 (or any successor form) and the Blended Rate. 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such first Person. 

2 

Agreed Rate means a per annum rate of SOFR plus 100 basis points.

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this Agreement. 

Amended Schedule has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b) of this Agreement. 

Attributable means the portion of any Tax Attribute of PubCo that is Attributable to the Blocker
Shareholders or to any present or former Exchanging Holder, as the case may be, determined under the following principles: 

(i) any Blocker Transferred Basis shall be determined separately with respect to each Blocker Shareholder and is Attributable
to the Blocker Shareholders of each Blocker proportionately based on the share of Previously Taxed Capital attributable to the Reference Assets associated with the Acquired Units that were acquired, directly or indirectly, by PubCo as a result of
the participation in the Reorganization of a Blocker and the relevant Blocker Shareholders; 

(ii) any IPO Basis shall be
determined separately with respect to each Blocker Shareholder and Exchanging Holder and is Attributable to each Blocker Shareholder or Exchanging Holder, as applicable, in an amount equal to the product of the total IPO Basis and the IPO Basis
Percentage of such Blocker Shareholder or Exchanging Holder, as applicable; 

(iii) any Exchange Basis shall be determined
separately with respect to each Exchanging Holder and is Attributable to each Exchanging Holder proportionately based on the Exchanging Holders share of Previously Taxed Capital attributable to Reference Assets associated with the Units
transferred upon an Exchange; 

(iv) the Basis Adjustments shall be determined separately with respect to each Exchanging
Holder and are Attributable to each Exchanging Holder in an amount equal to the total Basis Adjustment relating to such Units delivered to PubCo by such Exchanging Holder in the Exchange (for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any Basis
Adjustments attributable to a distribution or redemption, the Exchanging Holder shall be the Exchanging Holder relinquishing its interest in the Reference Asset); and 

(v) any deduction to PubCo with respect to a Taxable Year in respect of Imputed Interest is Attributable to the Person that is
required to include the Imputed Interest in income (without regard to whether such Person is actually subject to Tax thereon). 

Basis Adjustment means the adjustment to the Tax basis of a Reference Asset under Sections 732,
734(b), 707(a), 737 and/or 1012 of the Code (in situations where, as a result of one or more Exchanges, OpCo becomes an entity that is disregarded as separate from its owner for U.S. federal income Tax purposes) or under Sections 734(b), 743(b)
and/or 754 of the Code (in situations where, following an Exchange, OpCo remains in existence as an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income Tax purposes) and, in each case, analogous provisions of U.S. state and local Tax laws, as a
result of an Exchange and the payments made pursuant to this Agreement in respect of such Exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, the amount of any Basis Adjustment resulting from an Exchange of one or more Units shall be determined without regard to
any Pre-Exchange Transfer as if any such Pre-Exchange Transfer had not occurred. The amount of any Basis Adjustment shall be determined using the Market Value of the
Units that are the subject of the Exchange at the time of the Exchange. 

3 

Basis Schedule has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of
this Agreement. 

Beneficial Owner means, with respect to any security, a Person who directly or indirectly,
through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of, such security; and/or (ii) investment power, which includes the
power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, such security. The terms Beneficially Own and Beneficial Ownership shall have correlative meanings. 

Blended Rate means, with respect to any Taxable Year, the sum of the effective rates of Tax (for the avoidance of
doubt, taking into account any U.S. federal benefit of the state or local tax deduction) imposed on the aggregate net income of PubCo in each state or local jurisdiction in which PubCo files Tax Returns for such Taxable Year, with the effective rate
in any state or local jurisdiction being equal to the product of (i) the apportionment factor on the income or franchise PubCo Return in such jurisdiction for such Taxable Year and (ii) the maximum applicable corporate Tax rate in effect
in such jurisdiction in such Taxable Year. As an illustration of the calculation of the Blended Rate for a Taxable Year, if PubCo solely files Tax Returns in State 1 and State 2 in a Taxable Year, the maximum applicable corporate Tax rates in effect
in such states in such Taxable Year are 6.5% and 5.5%, respectively, and the apportionment factors for such states in such Taxable Year are 55% and 45% respectively, then the Blended Rate for such Taxable Year is equal to 6.05% (i.e., 6.5%
multiplied by 55% plus 5.5% multiplied by 45%). 

Blocker Merger Subs means each of: Flowco Merger Sub I, Inc.;
Flowco Merger Sub II, Inc.; and Flowco Merger Sub III, Inc.. 

Blockers means the White Deer Blockers, GEC III-GI FPS Blocker Corp., and GEC III-GI Estis Blocker Corp., and each, individually, a Blocker. 

Blocker Shareholder means a TRA Party who, prior to the Reorganization, directly or indirectly held equity interests
of a Blocker, and as a result of the Reorganization, held Class A Shares, and its successors and permitted transferees. For the avoidance of doubt: (i) in the case of each of the White Deer Blockers, the Blocker Shareholders shall
initially be WD Thunder CV IND LP, WD Thunder CV LP, and WD Thunder CV Parallel LP, in the percentages as set forth on Schedule I hereto; (ii) in the case of GEC III-GI FPS Blocker Corp., the
Blocker Shareholder shall initially be GEC Partners III GI LP, and (iii) in the case of GEC III-GI Estis Blocker Corp., the Blocker Shareholder shall initially be GEC Partners III-B-GI LP. 

Blocker Transferred
Basis means the Tax basis of the Reference Assets that are amortizable or depreciable under Section 167, Section 168, and Section 197 of the Code or that are otherwise reported as amortizable or depreciable on IRS Form
4562 for U.S. federal income Tax purposes relating to the Previously Taxed Capital associated with the Acquired Units and any adjustments under Section 743(b) of the Code attributable to the Acquired Units, in each case, determined at the time
of the Reorganization; provided, that, in order to avoid double counting, any Tax basis included in the IPO Basis Attributable to the Blocker Shareholders (with respect to Acquired Units) shall be excluded from the determination of the
Blocker Transferred Basis. 

4 

Board means the Board of Directors of PubCo. 

Business Day means each day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in New
York, New York or Houston, Texas are authorized or required by law to close. 

Change of
Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(i) any Person or any group of Persons acting
together that would constitute a group for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or any successor provisions thereto (excluding (a) a corporation or other entity owned, directly or
indirectly, by the stockholders of PubCo in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of PubCo or (b) a Person or group of Persons in which one or more Affiliates of Permitted Investors, directly or indirectly hold
Beneficial Ownership of securities representing more than 50% of the total voting power in such Person or held by such group) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of PubCo representing more than 50% of the
combined voting power of PubCos then outstanding voting securities; or 

(ii) the following individuals cease for any
reason to constitute a majority of the number of directors of PubCo then serving: individuals who, on the IPO Date, constitute the Board and any new director whose appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by PubCos
stockholders was approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors on the IPO Date or whose appointment, election or nomination for
election was previously so approved or recommended by the directors referred to in this clause (ii); or 

(iii) there is
consummated a merger or consolidation of PubCo with any other corporation or other entity, and, immediately after the consummation of such merger or consolidation, either (x) the Board immediately prior to the merger or consolidation does not
constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the company surviving the merger or, if the surviving company is a Subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof, or (y) the voting securities of PubCo immediately prior to such merger or
consolidation do not continue to represent or are not converted into more than 50% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Person resulting from such merger or consolidation or, if the surviving company is a
Subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof; or 

(iv) the stockholders of PubCo approve a plan of complete liquidation or
dissolution of PubCo or there is consummated an agreement or series of related agreements for the sale, lease or other disposition, directly or indirectly, by PubCo of all or substantially all of PubCos assets, other than such sale or other
disposition by PubCo of all or substantially all of PubCos assets to an entity at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders of PubCo in substantially the same proportions as their
ownership of PubCo immediately prior to such sale; or 

5 

(v) the PubCo ceases to be the sole managing member of OpCo. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, except with respect to clause (ii) and clause (iii)(x) above, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to have
occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the shares of PubCo immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have
substantially the same proportionate ownership in, and voting control over, and own substantially all of the shares of, an entity which owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the assets of PubCo immediately following such
transaction or series of transactions. 

Class A Shares has the meaning set
forth in the Recitals of this Agreement. 

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Control means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Covered
Person has the meaning set forth in Section 7.14 of this Agreement. 

Cumulative Net Realized Tax
Benefit for a Taxable Year means the cumulative amount of Realized Tax Benefits for all Taxable Years of PubCo, up to and including such Taxable Year, reduced, but not below zero, by the cumulative amount of Realized Tax Detriment for
the same period. The Realized Tax Benefit and Realized Tax Detriment for each Taxable Year shall be determined based on the most recent Tax Benefit Schedules or Amended Schedules, if any, in existence at the time of such calculation;
provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the computation of the Cumulative Net Realized Tax Benefit shall be adjusted to reflect any applicable Determination with respect to any Realized Tax Benefits and/or Realized Tax Detriments. 

Default Rate means a per annum rate of SOFR plus 500 basis points. 

Determination shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1313(a) of the Code or similar provision
of state, foreign or local Tax law, as applicable, and shall include any other event (including the execution of IRS Form 870-AD) that finally and conclusively establishes the amount of any liability for Tax.

Early Termination Date means the date of an Early Termination Notice for purposes of determining the Early
Termination Payment. 

Early Termination Effective Date means the date on which an Early Termination Schedule
becomes binding pursuant to Section 4.2. 

Early Termination Notice has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.2 of this Agreement. 

Early Termination Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3(b)
of this Agreement. 

6 

Early Termination Rate means the lesser of (i) 6.5% per annum,
compounded annually, and (ii) SOFR plus 100 basis points. 

Early Termination Schedule has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.2 of this Agreement. 

Excess Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5 of
this Agreement. 

Exchange has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement. 

Exchange Basis means the Tax basis of the Reference Assets that are amortizable or depreciable under
Section 167, Section 168, or Section 197 of the Code or that are otherwise reported as amortizable or depreciable on IRS Form 4562 for U.S. federal income Tax purposes relating to the Previously Taxed Capital associated with the Units
transferred upon an Exchange, determined as of the time of the Exchange; provided, that, in order to avoid double counting, any Tax basis included in the IPO Basis Attributable to Exchanging Holders shall be excluded from the determination of the
Exchange Basis. 

Exchange Date means the date of any Exchange. 

Exchanging Holder has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement. 

Expert has the meaning set forth in Section 7.9 of this Agreement. 

Future TRAs has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1 of this Agreement. 

GEC means GEC Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Hypothetical Tax Liability means, with respect to any Taxable Year, the sum of (i) (A) the liability for U.S.
federal income Taxes of PubCo and (B) without duplication, the portion of any liability for U.S. federal income Taxes imposed directly on OpCo (and OpCos applicable subsidiaries) under Section 6225 or any similar provision of the
Code that is allocable to PubCo under Section 704 of the Code or otherwise attributable to PubCo in accordance with the OpCo Agreement, in each case using the same methods, elections, conventions and similar practices used on the relevant IRS
Form 1120 (or any successor form) and (ii) the product of the U.S. federal taxable income for such taxable year reported on PubCos IRS Form 1120 (or any successor form) and the Blended Rate, but, in the determination of the liability in
clauses (i) and (ii), above, (a) using the Non-Blocker Transferred Basis as reflected on the Basis Schedule including amendments thereto for the Taxable Year, (b) using the Non-IPO Basis as reflected on the Basis Schedule including amendments thereto for the Taxable Year, (c) using the Non-Exchange Basis as reflected on the Basis Schedule
including amendments thereto for the Taxable Year, (d) using the Non-Stepped Up Tax Basis as reflected on the Basis Schedule including amendments thereto for the Taxable Year, and (e) excluding any
deduction attributable to Imputed Interest attributable to any payment made under this Agreement for the Taxable Year. For the avoidance of doubt, Hypothetical Tax Liability shall be determined without taking into account the carryover or carryback
of any Tax item (or portions thereof) that is attributable to a Tax Attribute as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the basis of the Reference Assets in the aggregate for purposes of determining the Hypothetical Tax Liability can never be less
than zero. 

7 

ICC has the meaning set forth in Section 7.9 of this
Agreement. 

Imputed Interest in respect of a TRA Party shall mean any interest imputed under Sections 1272, 1274
or 483 or other provision of the Code and any similar provision of state and local Tax law with respect to PubCos payment obligations in respect of such TRA Party under this Agreement. 

Interest Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement. 

IPO means the initial public offering of Class A Shares by PubCo (including any greenshoe related to such
initial public offering). 

IPO Basis means the Tax basis of the Reference Assets that are amortizable or
depreciable under Section 167, Section 168, or Section 197 of the Code or that are otherwise reported as amortizable or depreciable on IRS Form 4562 for U.S. federal income Tax purposes to the extent allocable to PubCo (for the
avoidance of doubt, including as a result of Section 704(c) of the Code) as a result of its acquisition of IPO Units. 

IPO Basis Percentage in respect of a TRA Party shall mean the percentage, the numerator of which is the number of
Units held by such TRA Party immediately prior to the Reorganization and after giving effect to the IPO Liquidating Distributions and the IPO Unit Redemption, and the denominator of which is the total number of Units held by all TRA Parties
immediately prior to the Reorganization and after giving effect to the IPO Liquidating Distributions and the IPO Unit Redemption; provided, that in the case of a Blocker Shareholder, the IPO Basis Percentage shall be determined based on the
number of Units indirectly held by such Blocker Shareholder as a result of its ownership of the applicable Blocker (and, in the case of the White Deer Blockers, in accordance with the percentages as set forth on Schedule I hereto). 

IPO Date means the initial closing date of the IPO. 

IPO Exchange has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement. 

IPO Liquidating Distributions has the meaning set forth in the OpCo Agreement. 

IPO Unit Redemption has the meaning set forth in the OpCo Agreement. 

IPO Units means the Units acquired by PubCo with the net proceeds from the IPO (excluding any Units acquired in an
Exchange, pursuant to the Reorganization, or with proceeds used to fund the IPO Unit Redemption). 

IRS means the
U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 

Mandatory Assignment has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6 of this
Agreement. 

8 

Market Value shall mean, with respect to a Unit, the closing price
per share of the Class A Shares on the applicable Exchange Date on the national securities exchange or interdealer quotation system on which such Class A Shares are then traded or listed, as reported by the Wall Street Journal;
provided, that if the closing price is not reported by the Wall Street Journal for the applicable Exchange Date, then the Market Value shall mean the closing price of the Class A Shares on the Business Day immediately preceding
such Exchange Date on the national securities exchange or interdealer quotation system on which such Class A Shares are then traded or listed, as reported by the Wall Street Journal; provided, further, that if the
Class A Shares are not then listed on a national securities exchange or interdealer quotation system, Market Value shall mean the cash consideration paid per share for Class A Shares, or the fair market value of the other
property delivered per share for Class A Shares, as determined by the Board in good faith. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the above sentence, to the extent the Units or Class A Shares are exchanged for cash in a transaction,
the Market Value shall be determined by reference to the amount of cash transferred per Unit or Class A Share in such transaction. 

Material Objection Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2 of this Agreement. 

Net Tax Benefit has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement. 

Non-Blocker Transferred Basis means, with respect to any Reference Asset
immediately following the Reorganization that is amortizable or depreciable under Section 167, Section 168, or Section 197 of the Code or that is otherwise reported as amortizable or depreciable on IRS Form 4562 for U.S. federal
income Tax purposes, the Tax basis that such Reference Asset would have had if the Blocker Transferred Basis at the time of the Reorganization were equal to zero. 

Non-Exchange Basis means, with respect to any Reference
Asset immediately following an Exchange that is amortizable or depreciable under Section 167, Section 168, or Section 197 of the Code or that is otherwise reported as amortizable or depreciable on IRS Form 4562 for U.S. federal income
Tax purpose, the Tax basis that such Reference Asset would have had if the Exchange Basis at the time of the IPO were equal to zero. 

Non-IPO Basis means, with respect to any Reference Asset immediately
following the IPO Exchange that is amortizable or depreciable under Section 167, Section 168, or Section 197 of the Code or that is otherwise reported as amortizable or depreciable on IRS Form 4562 for U.S. federal income Tax purpose,
the Tax basis that such Reference Asset would have had if the IPO Basis of such Reference Asset at the time of the IPO were equal to zero. 

Non-Stepped Up Tax Basis means, with respect to any
Reference Asset immediately following an Exchange, the Tax basis that such asset would have had at such time if no Basis Adjustments had been made. 

Objection Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement. 

OpCo means Flowco MergeCo LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

OpCo Agreement means, with respect to OpCo, the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of
OpCo, dated on or about the date hereof, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time. 

9 

Payment Date means any date on which a payment is required to be
made pursuant to this Agreement. 

Permitted Investors means any of GEC, White Deer and any of their Affiliates.

Person means any individual, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate,
trust, business association, organization, governmental entity or other entity. 

Pre-Exchange Transfer means any transfer (including
upon the death of a prior holder) of, or distribution in respect of, one or more Units (or interests in any applicable Subsidiaries of OpCo or other Persons in which OpCo owns a direct or indirect equity interest) (i) that occurs prior to an
Exchange of such Units and (ii) to which Section 734(b) or 743(b) of the Code applies. 

Previously Taxed
Capital means PubCos interest as a partner in OpCos previously taxed capital determined in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.743-1(d). For purposes of allocating
Previously Taxed Capital associated with particular Units among Reference Assets, such Previously Taxed Capital shall be allocated among the Reference Assets in proportion to PubCos share of OpCos adjusted tax basis in the Reference
Assets. 

PubCo has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this Agreement. 

PubCo Return means the U.S. federal and/or state and/or local Tax Return, as applicable, of PubCo filed with respect
to Taxes of any Taxable Year. 

Realized Tax Benefit means, for a Taxable Year, the excess, if any, of the
Hypothetical Tax Liability over the Actual Tax Liability. If all or a portion of the Actual Tax Liability for the Taxable Year arises as a result of an audit by a Taxing Authority of any Taxable Year, such liability shall not be included in
determining the Realized Tax Benefit unless and until there has been a Determination. 

Realized Tax Detriment
means, for a Taxable Year, the excess, if any, of the Actual Tax Liability over the Hypothetical Tax Liability. If all or a portion of the Actual Tax Liability for the Taxable Year arises as a result of an audit by a Taxing Authority of any Taxable
Year, such liability shall not be included in determining the Realized Tax Detriment unless and until there has been a Determination. 

Reconciliation Dispute has the meaning set forth in Section 7.9 of this Agreement. 

Reconciliation Procedures has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement. 

Reference Asset means an asset that is held by OpCo, or by any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries treated as a
partnership or disregarded entity (but only if such indirect Subsidiaries are held only through Subsidiaries treated as partnerships or disregarded entities) for purposes of the applicable Tax, at the time of the Reorganization, the IPO, the IPO
Exchange or an Exchange, as relevant. A Reference Asset also includes any asset that is substituted basis property under Section 7701(a)(42) of the Code with respect to a Reference Asset. 

10 

Reorganization has the meaning set forth in
the Recitals of this Agreement. 

Schedule means any of the following: (i) a Basis Schedule; (ii) a Tax
Benefit Schedule (including an Amended Schedule, if any); or (iii) the Early Termination Schedule. 

Section 734(b) Exchange means any Exchange that results in a Basis Adjustment under
Section 734(b) of the Code. 

Senior Obligations has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.1 of this Agreement. 

SOFR means for each month (or portion thereof) during any period, an
interest rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate, on the date two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such month, as reported by the Wall Street Journal; provided, that at no time shall SOFR be less than 0%.
In the event PubCo determines that SOFR ceases to be a widely recognized benchmark rate, PubCo and each TRA Party Representative shall jointly select an alternate benchmark rate (the Replacement Rate), in which case, the
Replacement Rate shall, subject to the next two sentences, replace SOFR for all purposes under this Agreement. In connection with the establishment and application of the Replacement Rate, this Agreement shall be amended solely with the consent of
PubCo and each TRA Party Representative, as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable judgment of PubCo and each TRA Party Representative, to effect the provisions of this section. The Replacement Rate shall be applied in a manner
consistent with market practice; provided that, to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for PubCo, such Replacement Rate shall be applied as otherwise reasonably determined by PubCo and each TRA Party Representative. 

Subsidiaries means, with respect to any Person, as of any date of determination, any other Person as to which such
Person, owns, directly or indirectly, or otherwise controls more than 50% of the voting power or other similar interests or the sole general partner interest or managing member or similar interest of such Person. 

Tax or Taxes means any and all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign taxes, assessments
or similar charges that are based on or measured with respect to net income or profits, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any corporate alternative minimum tax and any UTPR Taxes, and any interest related to any such Taxes. 

Tax Attributes has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement. 

Tax Benefit Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement. 

Tax Benefit Schedule has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement. 

Tax Return means any return, declaration, report or similar statement filed or required to be filed with respect to
Taxes (including any attached schedules), including, without limitation, any information return, claim for refund, amended return and declaration of estimated Tax. 

Taxable Year means a taxable year of PubCo as defined in Section 441(b) of the Code or comparable section of
state or local Tax law, as applicable (and, therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, may include a period of less than twelve (12) months for which a Tax Return is made), ending on or after the IPO Date. 

11 

Taxing Authority means any domestic,
federal, national, state, county or municipal or other local government, any subdivision, agency, commission or authority thereof, or any quasi-governmental body exercising any taxing authority or any other authority exercising Tax regulatory
authority. 

Threshold Exchange Units has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6 of this
Agreement. 

TRA Party has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this Agreement. 

TRA Party Representative means , initially, GEC, and thereafter, that TRA Party or committee of TRA Parties
determined from time to time by approval of two-thirds of the TRA Parties (which two-thirds shall be determined based on the percentages of the TRA Parties IPO
Basis Percentage). 

Treasury Regulations means the final, temporary and proposed regulations under the Code
promulgated from time to time (including corresponding provisions and succeeding provisions) as in effect for the relevant taxable period. 

Units has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement. 

UTPR Taxes means any Taxes imposed pursuant to any provision of non-U.S. Tax
law implementing the undertaxed payments rule of the OECDs Model Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules under Pillar Two. 

Valuation Assumptions shall mean, as of an Early Termination Date, the assumptions that in each Taxable Year ending
on or after such Early Termination Date: 

(i) PubCo will have taxable income sufficient to fully utilize the Tax items
arising from the Tax Attributes (other than any items addressed in clause (ii) below) during such Taxable Year or future Taxable Years (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Basis Adjustments and Imputed Interest that would result from future
payments made under this Agreement that would be paid in accordance with the Valuation Assumptions) in which such deductions would become available; 

(ii) loss carryovers generated by deductions arising from any Tax Attributes that are available as of the date of such Early
Termination Date will be used by the PubCo on a pro rata basis from the date of such Early Termination Date through the earlier of (x) the scheduled expiration date under applicable Tax law of such loss carryovers or (y) the fifth (5th)
anniversary of the Early Termination Date; 

(iii) the U.S. federal, state and local income Tax rates that will be in effect
for each such Taxable Year will be those specified for each such Taxable Year by the Code and other law as in effect on the Early Termination Date and the Blended Rate will be calculated based on such rates and the apportionment factor applicable in
the prior Taxable Year; 

12 

(iv) any non-amortizable assets
(other than equity interest in any subsidiary that is treated as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income Tax purposes) will be disposed of on the fifteenth (15th) anniversary of the applicable Exchange or deemed exchange
pursuant to clause (v) (in the case of Basis Adjustments or Exchange Basis), the IPO Date (in the case of Blocker Transferred Basis or IPO Basis) and any cash equivalents will be disposed of twelve (12) months following the Early Termination
Date; provided, that in the event of a Change of Control, such non-amortizable assets shall be deemed disposed of at the time of sale (if applicable) of the relevant asset in the Change of Control (if earlier
than such fifteenth (15th) anniversary) (other than equity interest in any subsidiary that is treated as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income Tax purposes); 

(v) if, at the Early Termination Date, there are Units that have not been Exchanged, then each such Unit, shall be deemed
Exchanged for the Market Value of such Unit (and therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, any outstanding Threshold Exchange Units held by a Exchanging Holder shall also be deemed Exchanged on the Early Termination Date); 

(vi) with respect to Taxable Years where the Payment Date has passed, any unpaid Tax Benefit Payments and any applicable
interest will be paid on the Early Termination Date at the Default Rate; and 

(vii) each Tax Benefit Payment for the
relevant Taxable Year will be due and payable and satisfied on the due date (without extensions) under applicable law as of the Early Termination Effective Date for filing of IRS Form 1120 (or any successor form) of PubCo. 

White Deer means White Deer Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

White Deer Blockers means WDE Flogistix Upper TE, LLC, WDE Flogistix Upper FI, LLC and WD Thunder CV Parallel
Blocker LP. 

White Deer TRA Parties means TRA Parties controlled, directly or indirectly, by White Deer,
including without limitation WDE Flogistix Aggregate, LLC, WD Thunder CV IND LP, WD Thunder CV LP, and WD Thunder CV Parallel LP, and their respective successors and permitted transferees. 

ARTICLE II 

DETERMINATION OF CERTAIN REALIZED TAX BENEFIT 

SECTION 2.1. Basis Adjustments; 754 Election. 

(a) Basis Adjustments. The Parties acknowledge and agree that, except as otherwise required by applicable law, the Parties shall treat
(i) each Exchange as a direct purchase of Units by Pubco from the applicable holder of Units pursuant to Section 707(a)(2)(B) of the Code (or any similar provisions of applicable state, local or
non-U.S. tax law) and (ii) each Exchange as a transaction that could give rise to Basis Adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, payments made under this Agreement in respect of an Exchanging Holder shall
not be treated as resulting in a Basis Adjustment to the extent such payments are treated as Imputed Interest. 

13 

(b) 754 Election. PubCo shall cause OpCo and each of its applicable direct or
indirect Subsidiaries that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, to have in effect an election under Section 754 of the Code (or any similar provisions of applicable state, local or foreign tax law) for each Taxable
Year. Pubco shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each Person in which OpCo owns a direct or indirect equity interest (other than a Subsidiary) that is so treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes to have in effect
such an election for each Taxable Year. 

SECTION 2.2. Basis Schedule. Within one hundred and
eighty (180) calendar days after the due date (including extensions) of IRS Form 1120 (or any successor form) of PubCo for each relevant Taxable Year, PubCo shall deliver to the TRA Party Representative, and to each TRA Party with respect to
such TRA Party, a schedule (the Basis Schedule) that shows, in reasonable detail necessary to perform the calculations required by this Agreement, (i) the Blocker Transferred Basis of the Reference Assets in respect of
such TRA Party, if any, (ii) the IPO Basis of the Reference Assets in respect of such TRA Party, if any, (iii) the Exchange Basis of the Reference Assets in respect of such TRA Party, if any, (iv) the Basis Adjustment with respect to
the Reference Assets in respect of such TRA Party as a result of the Exchanges effected in such Taxable Year or any prior Taxable Year by such TRA Party, if any, calculated in the aggregate, (v) the
Non-Stepped Up Tax Basis of the Reference Assets in respect of such TRA Party as of each applicable Exchange Date, if any, (vi) the period (or periods) over which the Reference Assets in respect of such
TRA Party are amortizable and/or depreciable and (vii) the period (or periods) over which the Blocker Transferred Basis, the IPO Basis, the Exchange Basis, and each Basis Adjustment in respect of such TRA Party is amortizable and/or
depreciable. A Basis Schedule will become final and binding on the Parties pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 2.4(a) and may be amended by the Parties pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 2.4(b) (subject to the
procedures set forth in Section 2.4(b)). All costs and expenses incurred in connection with the provision and preparation of the Basis Schedules and Tax Benefit Schedules (as defined below) for each TRA Party in compliance with this Agreement
shall be borne by OpCo. 

SECTION 2.3. Tax Benefit Schedule. 

(a) Tax Benefit Schedule. Within one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days after the due date (including extensions) of IRS Form
1120 (or any successor form) of PubCo for any Taxable Year in which there is a Realized Tax Benefit or a Realized Tax Detriment Attributable to a TRA Party, PubCo shall provide to such TRA Party and to the TRA Party Representative with respect to
such TRA Party a schedule showing, in reasonable detail, the calculation of the Realized Tax Benefit and Tax Benefit Payment or the Realized Tax Detriment, as applicable, in respect of such TRA Party for such Taxable Year (a Tax Benefit
Schedule). Each Tax Benefit Schedule will become final as provided in Section 2.4(a) and may be amended as provided in Section 2.4(b) (subject to the procedures set forth in Section 2.4(b)). 

14 

(b) Applicable Principles. 

(i) General. Subject to Section 3.3, the Realized Tax Benefit (or the Realized Tax Detriment) for each Taxable Year
is intended to measure the decrease (or increase) in the actual liability for Taxes of PubCo for such Taxable Year attributable to the Tax Attributes, determined using a with and without methodology. Carryovers or carrybacks of any Tax
item attributable to any of the Tax Attributes shall be considered to be subject to the rules of the Code and the Treasury Regulations or the appropriate provisions of U.S. state and local income and franchise Tax law, as applicable, governing the
use, limitation and expiration of carryovers or carrybacks of the relevant type. If a carryover or carryback of any Tax item includes a portion that is attributable to any Tax Attribute and another portion that is not, such portions shall be
considered to be used in accordance with the with and without methodology. The parties agree that (A) all Tax Benefit Payments (other than Imputed Interest thereon) attributable to Blocker Transferred Basis will be treated as non-qualifying property or money for purposes of Section 356 of the Code received in the Reorganization, (B) all Tax Benefit Payments (other than Imputed Interest thereon) attributable to the IPO Basis
Attributable to the Blocker Shareholders (with respect to the Acquired Units) will be treated as non-qualifying property or money for purposes of Section 356 of the Code received in the Reorganization,
(C) all Tax Benefit Payments (other than Imputed Interest thereon) attributable to the Exchange Basis, or Basis Adjustments (other than Basis Adjustments resulting from Tax Benefit Payments attributable to the IPO Basis) will be treated as
subsequent upward purchase price adjustments with respect to the Units exchanged in the applicable Exchange that have the effect of creating additional Basis Adjustments to Reference Assets for PubCo in the year of payment, (D) all Tax Benefit
Payments (other than Imputed Interest thereon) attributable to the IPO Basis (including any Basis Adjustments resulting from Tax Benefit Payments attributable to the IPO Basis) Attributable to an Exchanging Holder will be treated as subsequent
upward purchase price adjustments with respect to the Threshold Exchange Units that have the effect of creating additional Basis Adjustments to Reference Assets for PubCo in the year of payment, (E) as a result, any additional Basis Adjustments
will be incorporated into the current year calculation and into future year calculations, as appropriate, and (F) the Actual Tax Liability will take into account the deduction of the portion of the Tax Benefit Payment that must be accounted for
as Imputed Interest. 

(ii) Applicable Principles of Section 734(b) Exchanges. Notwithstanding any
provisions to the contrary in this Agreement, the foregoing treatment set out in Section 2.3(b)(i) shall not be required to apply to payments hereunder to an Exchanging Holder in respect of a Section 734(b) Exchange by such Exchanging
Holder. For the avoidance of doubt, payments made under this Agreement relating to a Section 734(b) Exchange shall not be treated as resulting in a Basis Adjustment to the extent such payments are treated as Imputed Interest. The parties intend
that (A) an Exchanging Holder that has made a Section 734(b) Exchange shall, with respect to the Basis Adjustment resulting from such Section 734(b) Exchange or any payments hereunder in respect of such Section 734(b) Exchange,
be entitled to Tax Benefit Payments attributable to such Basis Adjustments only to the extent such Basis Adjustments are allocable to PubCo following such Section 734(b) Exchange (without taking into account any concurrent or subsequent
Exchanges) and (B) if, as a result of a subsequent Exchange, an increased portion of the Basis Adjustments resulting from such Section 734(b) Exchange or any payments hereunder in respect of such Section 734(b) Exchange becomes
allocable to PubCo, then 

15 

the Exchanging Holder that makes such subsequent Exchange shall be entitled to a Tax Benefit Payment calculated in respect of such increased portion. For purposes of this Agreement, such Basis
Adjustments resulting from subsequent Section 734(b) Exchanges as described in (B) in the previous sentence shall be reported and treated as Exchange Basis for purposes of this Agreement. 

(iii) Applicable Principles for Exchange Basis and Blocker Transferred Basis. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Realized Tax Benefit (or the Realized Tax Detriment) attributable to the Exchange Basis or Blocker Transferred Basis is intended to represent the decrease (or increase) in the actual liability for Taxes of PubCo for such Taxable Year attributable to
the Tax deductions resulting from the Tax basis of the Reference Assets measured at the time of the relevant Exchange or the Reorganization, as applicable, in excess of Tax deductions resulting from the IPO Basis. Any Tax Benefit Payments
attributable to the Exchange Basis or Blocker Transferred Basis are intended to be Attributable to, and allocated and paid to, the relevant TRA Parties based on the Previously Taxed Capital delivered by such TRA Party in the applicable Exchange or
in the Reorganization. 

(iv) Applicable Principles of Pillar Two. To the extent that any Tax Attributes increase
UTPR Taxes, but only to the extent that the UTPR Taxes reduce the Realized Tax Benefit (or increase the Realized Tax Detriment), the TRA Parties agree that PubCo and OpCo may make reasonable assumptions and estimates consistent with the purpose of
this section to reduce administrative burdens on PubCo and OpCo when computing the effects of any UTPR Taxes on the Hypothetical Tax Liability; provided, however, that PubCo shall disclose any such assumptions or estimates in the Tax
Benefit Schedule, and such assumptions and estimates shall be subject to the procedures set forth in Section 2.4. 

SECTION 2.4. Procedures, Amendments. 

(a) Procedure. Every time PubCo delivers to a TRA Party or TRA Party Representative an applicable Schedule under this Agreement,
including any Amended Schedule, PubCo shall also (x) deliver to such TRA Party or TRA Party Representative supporting schedules and work papers, as determined by PubCo or as reasonably requested by such TRA Party or TRA Party Representative,
providing reasonable detail regarding data and calculations that were relevant for purposes of preparing such Schedule and (y) allow such TRA Party or TRA Party Representative reasonable access at no cost to the appropriate representatives at
PubCo, as determined by PubCo or as reasonably requested by such TRA Party or TRA Party Representative, in connection with a review of such Schedule. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, PubCo shall ensure that any Tax Benefit
Schedule that is delivered to a TRA Party or TRA Party Representative, along with any supporting schedules and work papers, provides a reasonably detailed presentation of the calculation of the Actual Tax Liability and the Hypothetical Tax Liability
and identifies any material assumptions or operating procedures or principles that were used for purposes of such calculations. An applicable Schedule or amendment thereto shall become final and binding on all parties thirty (30) calendar days
from the date on which all relevant TRA Parties and the TRA Party Representative are treated as having received the applicable Schedule or amendment thereto under Section 7.1 unless the TRA Party Representative (i) within

16 

thirty (30) calendar days from such date provides PubCo with written notice of a material objection to such Schedule (Objection Notice) made in
good faith or (ii) provides a written waiver of such right of any Objection Notice within the period described in clause (i) above, in which case such Schedule or amendment thereto becomes binding on the date the waiver is received by
PubCo. If PubCo and the TRA Party Representative, for any reason, are unable to successfully resolve the issues raised in the Objection Notice within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by PubCo of an Objection Notice, PubCo and the TRA
Party Representative shall employ the reconciliation procedures as described in Section 7.9 of this Agreement (the Reconciliation Procedures). The TRA Party Representative will fairly represent the interests of each of
the TRA Parties and shall use reasonable efforts to timely raise and pursue, in accordance with this Section 2.3(a), any reasonable objection to a Schedule or amendment thereto timely communicated in writing to the TRA Party Representative by a
TRA Party. 

(b) Amended Schedule. The applicable Schedule for any Taxable Year may be amended from time to time by PubCo
(i) in connection with a Determination affecting such Schedule, (ii) to correct inaccuracies in the Schedule identified as a result of the receipt of additional factual information relating to a Taxable Year after the date the Schedule was
provided to a TRA Party, (iii) to comply with an Experts determination under the Reconciliation Procedures, (iv) to reflect a change in the Realized Tax Benefit, or the Realized Tax Detriment for such Taxable Year attributable to a
carryback or carryforward of a loss or other Tax item to such Taxable Year, (v) to reflect a change in the Realized Tax Benefit or the Realized Tax Detriment for such Taxable Year attributable to an amended Tax Return filed for such Taxable
Year or (vi) to adjust an applicable TRA Partys Basis Schedule to take into account payments made pursuant to this Agreement (any such Schedule, an Amended Schedule). PubCo shall provide an Amended Schedule to
each TRA Party and the TRA Party Representative when PubCo delivers the Basis Schedule for the following taxable year. 

ARTICLE III

TAX BENEFIT PAYMENTS 

SECTION 3.1. Payments. 

(a) Payments. Within five (5) Business Days after a Tax Benefit Schedule delivered to a TRA Party and the TRA Party Representative
becomes final in accordance with Section 2.3(a) and Section 7.9, if applicable, PubCo shall pay such TRA Party for such Taxable Year the Tax Benefit Payment determined pursuant to Section 3.1(b) that is Attributable to the such TRA
Party. Each such Tax Benefit Payment shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the bank account previously designated by such TRA Party to PubCo or as otherwise agreed by PubCo and such TRA Party. For the avoidance of doubt,
(x) no Tax Benefit Payment shall be made in respect of estimated Tax payments, including, without limitation, U.S. federal estimated income Tax payments and (y) the payments provided for pursuant to the above sentence shall be computed
separately for each TRA Party. No TRA Party shall be required to make a payment or return a payment to PubCo in respect of any portion of any Tax Benefit Payment previously paid to such TRA Party (including any portion of any Early Termination
Payment); provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, if PubCo makes a payment to a TRA Party under this TRA Agreement in an amount that exceeds the amount that should have 

17 

been paid to such TRA Party (including after taking into account any Determination that would have changed the Net Tax Benefit or any other calculation under this Agreement in any prior Taxable
Year), then the amount of such excess shall offset and reduce, dollar-for-dollar, any future payments payable to such TRA Party under this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, with respect to each Exchange by or with respect to any TRA Party, if such TRA Party notifies PubCo in writing of a stated maximum selling price (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 15A.453-1(c)(2)), then the amount of the consideration received in connection with such Exchange and the aggregate Tax Benefit Payments to such TRA Party in respect of such Exchange (other than amounts
accounted for as interest under the Code) shall not exceed such stated maximum selling price. 

(b) A Tax Benefit
Payment in respect of a TRA Party for a Taxable Year means an amount, not less than zero, equal to the Net Tax Benefit that is Attributable to such TRA Party and the Interest Amount with respect thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, for
Tax purposes, the Interest Amount shall not be treated as interest, but instead, shall be treated as additional consideration in the applicable transaction, unless otherwise required by law. Subject to Section 3.3, the Net Tax
Benefit for a Taxable Year shall be an amount equal to the excess, if any, of 85% of the Cumulative Net Realized Tax Benefit as of the end of such Taxable Year, over the total amount of payments previously made under the first sentence
of Section 3.1(a) (excluding payments attributable to Interest Amounts). The Interest Amount shall equal the interest on the Net Tax Benefit calculated at the Agreed Rate from the due date (without extensions) for
filing IRS Form 1120 (or any successor form) of PubCo with respect to Taxes for such Taxable Year until the payment date under Section 3.1(a). 

SECTION 3.2. No Duplicative Payments. It is intended that the provisions of this Agreement will not
result in duplicative payment of any amount (including interest) required under this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in the appropriate manner to ensure such intentions are realized. 

SECTION 3.3. Pro Rata Payments. Notwithstanding anything in Section 3.1 to the contrary, to the
extent that the aggregate Realized Tax Benefit of PubCo with respect to the Tax Attributes is limited in a particular Taxable Year because PubCo does not have sufficient taxable income, the Net Tax Benefit for that Taxable Year shall be allocated
among all parties then-eligible to receive Tax Benefit Payments under this Agreement in proportion to the amounts of Net Tax Benefit for that Taxable Year, respectively, that would have been Attributable to each TRA Party if PubCo had sufficient
taxable income so that there were no such limitation. For the avoidance of doubt, the determination of whether Tax Benefit Payments are held back pursuant to Section 3.6, shall not be relevant in the determination of whether a Net Tax Benefit
is eligible to be allocated to the relevant TRA Party for purposes of this Section 3.3. 

SECTION 3.4.
Payment Ordering. If for any reason PubCo does not fully satisfy its payment obligations to make all Tax Benefit Payments due under this Agreement in respect of a particular Taxable Year, then PubCo and the TRA Parties agree that
(i) Tax Benefit Payments for such Taxable Year shall be allocated to all parties eligible to receive Tax Benefit Payments under this Agreement in such Taxable Year in proportion to the amounts of Tax Benefit Payments, respectively, that would
have been made to each TRA Party if PubCo had sufficient cash available to make such Tax Benefit Payments and (ii) no Tax Benefit Payments shall be made in respect of any Taxable Year until all Tax Benefit Payments to all TRA Parties in respect
of all prior Taxable Years have been made in full; provided, however, that any payments that were previously held by PubCo on behalf of a TRA Party and have now become due and payable pursuant to Section 3.6 shall be made prior to
any other Tax Benefit Payments. 

18 

SECTION 3.5. Limitation. For the avoidance of doubt,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in no event shall the aggregate of the Net Tax Benefit that is Attributable to each of the TRA Parties for a Taxable Year, as determined pursuant to the first sentence of Section 3.1(b), exceed
the total Net Tax Benefit for such Taxable Year, as determined pursuant to the third sentence of Section 3.1(b). To the extent the aggregate Net Tax Benefit for a Taxable Year is limited as a result of the foregoing sentence (such excess, the
Excess Amount), then the amount of the Net Tax Benefit that is Attributable to the TRA Parties for that Taxable Year shall be reduced by such Excess Amount in such a manner that best effectuates the applicable principles
set forth in Section 2.3(b) and in the good faith discretion of PubCo; provided, however, (i) to the extent that the Excess Amount for a Taxable Year would be Attributable to the Blocker Shareholders solely as a result of
determining Blocker Transferred Basis based on the use of curative allocations under Section 704(c) of the Code applied only to gain from the sale of assets of the OpCo, and (ii) except to the extent such Net Tax Benefit arises as a result
of the use of such method upon the actual sale or other disposition of a Reference Asset, then the Net Tax Benefit Attributable to the Blocker Shareholders shall be reduced, with such reduction allocated as among the Blocker Shareholders pro rata
based on the Blocker Transferred Basis that is Attributable to such Blocker Shareholders. 

SECTION 3.6.
IPO Basis. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any and all Tax Benefit Payments that would otherwise be made pursuant to this Agreement with respect to any IPO Basis shall be held by PubCo for the benefit of the applicable
TRA Party (without any interest thereon) until such time as such TRA Party has exchanged Units in one or more Exchanges equal to 5% of the Units held by such TRA Party (as determined prior to the Reorganization, and after giving effect to the IPO
Liquidating Distributions), (such Units, with respect to each TRA Party, such TRA Partys Threshold Exchange Units). Promptly following the time any such TRA Party has exchanged, in the aggregate, a number of Units
equal to or exceeding the Threshold Exchange Units, such withheld amount shall be paid by PubCo to the applicable TRA Party. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all Blocker Shareholders (with respect to the Acquired Units) shall be
deemed to have exchanged any Threshold Exchange Units held by such Blocker Shareholders in the Reorganization, and, therefore, no amounts shall be held back pursuant to this Section 3.6. 

19 

ARTICLE IV 

TERMINATION 

SECTION 4.1. Early Termination of Agreement; Breach of Agreement. 

(a) PubCo may (with approval of a majority of its Board of Directors) terminate this Agreement with respect to (i) all amounts payable to
the TRA Parties and with respect to all of the Units held by the TRA Parties at any time by paying to each TRA Party the Early Termination Payment in respect of such TRA Party or (ii) the amount payable to any individual TRA Party having rights
to less than 5% of the aggregate IPO Basis Percentage by paying to any such individual TRA Party the Early Termination Payment in respect of such TRA Party; provided, however, that this Agreement shall only terminate upon the receipt
of the Early Termination Payment by all TRA Parties, and provided, further, that PubCo may withdraw any notice to execute its termination rights under this Section 4.1(a) prior to the time at which any Early Termination Payment
has been paid. Upon payment of the Early Termination Payment in respect of each TRA Party by PubCo shall have no further payment obligations under this Agreement, other than for any (a) Tax Benefit Payments due and payable and that remain
unpaid as of the Early Termination Notice and (b) Tax Benefit Payment due for the Taxable Year ending with or including the date of the Early Termination Notice (except to the extent that the amount described in clause (b) is included in
the Early Termination Payment). If an Exchange occurs after PubCo makes all of the required Early Termination Payments, PubCo shall have no obligations under this Agreement with respect to such Exchange. 

(b) In the event that PubCo (1) breaches any of its material obligations under this Agreement, whether as a result of failure to make any
payment when due, failure to honor any other material obligation required hereunder or by operation of law as a result of the rejection of this Agreement in a case commenced under the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, unless otherwise waived in writing
by two-thirds of the TRA Parties (which two-thirds shall be determined based on the percentages of the TRA Parties IPO Basis Percentage) (any such breach to the
extent not waived, a Material Breach) or (2)(A) shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (i) under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate a bankruptcy or insolvency, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment,
winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts or (ii) seeking an appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator or other similar official
for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets, or it shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (B) there shall be commenced against PubCo any case, proceeding or other action of the nature referred to in clause
(A) above that remains undismissed or undischarged for a period of sixty (60) calendar days, all obligations hereunder shall be automatically accelerated and shall be immediately due and payable, and such obligations shall be calculated as
if an Early Termination Notice had been delivered on the date of such breach and shall include, but not be limited to, (x) the Early Termination Payments calculated as if an Early Termination Notice had been delivered on the date of a breach,
(y) any Tax Benefit Payment due and payable and that remains unpaid as of the date of a breach, and (z) any Tax Benefit Payment in respect of any TRA Party due for the Taxable Year ending with or including the date of a breach;
provided, that procedures similar to the procedures of Section 4.2 shall apply with respect to the determination of the amount payable by PubCo pursuant to this sentence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that PubCo breaches
this Agreement and such breach is a Material Breach, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each TRA Party shall be entitled to elect to receive the amounts set forth in clauses (x), (y) and (z) above or to seek specific performance
of the terms hereof. The parties agree that the failure to make any payment due pursuant to this Agreement within sixty (60) days of the date such payment is due shall be deemed to be a breach of a material obligation under this Agreement for
all purposes of this Agreement, and that it will not be considered to be a breach of a material obligation under this Agreement to make a payment due pursuant to this Agreement within sixty (60) days of the date such payment is due.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, it shall not be a breach of a material 

20 

obligation of this Agreement if PubCo fails to make any Tax Benefit Payment when due to the extent that PubCo has insufficient funds to make such payment and cannot take commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain funds to make such payment; provided, that the interest provisions of Section 5.2 shall apply to such late payment (unless PubCo does not have sufficient funds to make such payment as a result of limitations imposed by
any Senior Obligations, in which case Section 5.2 shall apply, but the Default Rate shall be replaced by the Agreed Rate). PubCo shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (1) obtain sufficient available funds for the purpose of making
Tax Benefit Payments under this Agreement and (2) avoid entering into any agreements that could be reasonably anticipated to materially delay the timing of the making of any Tax Benefit Payments under this Agreement. 

(c) In the event of a Change of Control, then all obligations hereunder shall be accelerated and such obligations shall be calculated as if an
Early Termination Notice had been delivered on the date of such Change of Control and utilizing the Valuation Assumptions by substituting in each case the terms the closing date of a Change of Control in each place where the phrase
Early Termination Date appears. Such obligations shall include (1) the Early Termination Payments calculated as if the Early Termination Date is the date of such Change of Control, (2) any Tax Benefit Payment due and payable
and that remains unpaid as of the date of such Change of Control, and (3) any Tax Benefit Payment in respect of any TRA Party due for any Taxable Year ending prior to, with or including the date of such Change of Control (except to the extent
any amounts described in clause (2) or (3) are included in the Early Termination Payment). For the avoidance of doubt, Sections 4.2 and 4.3 shall apply to a Change of Control, mutatis mutandis. 

SECTION 4.2. Early Termination Notice. If PubCo chooses to exercise its right of early termination
under Section 4.1(a) above, PubCo shall deliver to the TRA Party Representative notice of such intention to exercise such right (Early Termination Notice) and a schedule (the Early
Termination Schedule) specifying PubCos intention to exercise such right under either clause (i) or (ii) thereof and showing in reasonable detail the calculation of the Early Termination Payment(s) due for each relevant TRA
Party. Each Early Termination Schedule shall become final and binding on all parties thirty (30) calendar days from the first date on which the TRA Party Representative is treated as having received such Schedule or amendment thereto under
Section 7.1 unless the TRA Party Representative (i) within thirty (30) calendar days after such date provides PubCo with notice of a material objection to such Schedule made in good faith (Material Objection
Notice) or (ii) provides a written waiver of such right of a Material Objection Notice within the period described in clause (i) above, in which case such Schedule becomes binding on the date the waiver is received by PubCo.
If PubCo and the TRA Party Representative, for any reason, are unable to successfully resolve the issues raised in such notice within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by PubCo of the Material Objection Notice, PubCo and the TRA Party
Representative shall employ the Reconciliation Procedures in which case such Schedule becomes binding ten (10) calendar days after the conclusion of the Reconciliation Procedures. The TRA Party Representative will fairly represent the interests
of each TRA Party and shall timely raise and pursue, in accordance with this Section 4.2, any reasonable objection to an Early Termination Schedule or amendment thereto timely communicated in writing to the TRA Party Representative by a TRA
Party. 

21 

SECTION 4.3. Payment upon Early Termination. 

(a) Within five (5) Business Days after an Early Termination Effective Date, PubCo shall pay to each relevant TRA Party an amount equal
to the Early Termination Payment in respect of such TRA Party. Such payment shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account or accounts designated by such TRA Party or as otherwise agreed by PubCo and such TRA Party
or, in the absence of such designation or agreement, by check mailed to the last mailing address provided by such TRA Party to PubCo. 

(b)
Early Termination Payment in respect of a TRA Party shall equal the present value, discounted at the Early Termination Rate as of the applicable Early Termination Effective Date, of all Tax Benefit Payments in respect of such TRA
Party that would be required to be paid by PubCo beginning from the Early Termination Date and assuming that the Valuation Assumptions in respect of such TRA Party are applied and that each Tax Benefit Payment for the relevant Taxable Year would be
due and payable on the due date (without extensions) under applicable law as of the Early Termination Effective Date for filing of IRS Form 1120 (or any successor form) of PubCo. For the avoidance of doubt, an entire Early Termination Payment shall
be made to each applicable TRA Party regardless of whether such TRA Party has exchanged all of its Units as of the Early Termination Date. 

ARTICLE V 

SUBORDINATION AND LATE PAYMENTS 

SECTION 5.1. Subordination. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any Tax
Benefit Payment required to be made by PubCo to the TRA Parties under this Agreement shall rank subordinate and junior in right of payment to any principal, interest or other amounts due and payable in respect of any obligations in respect of
indebtedness for borrowed money of PubCo and its Subsidiaries (Senior Obligations) and shall rank pari passu in right of payment with all current or future unsecured obligations of PubCo that are not Senior
Obligations. To the extent that any payment under this Agreement is not permitted to be made at the time payment is due as a result of this Section 5.1 and the terms of agreements governing Senior Obligations, such payment obligation
nevertheless shall accrue for the benefit of TRA Parties and PubCo shall make such payments at the first opportunity that such payments are permitted to be made in accordance with the terms of the Senior Obligations. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that PubCo or any of its Affiliates enters into future Tax receivable or other similar agreements (Future TRAs), PubCo shall ensure that the terms of any such
Future TRA shall provide that the Tax Attributes subject to this Agreement are considered senior in priority to any Tax attributes subject to any such Future TRA for purposes of calculating the amount and timing of payments under any such Future
TRA. 

SECTION 5.2. Late Payments by PubCo. Subject to the proviso in the last sentence of
Section 4.1(b), the amount of all or any portion of any Tax Benefit Payment or Early Termination Payment not made to the TRA Parties when due under the terms of this Agreement, whether as a result of Section 5.1 or otherwise, shall be
payable together with any interest thereon, computed at the Default Rate and commencing from the date on which such Tax Benefit Payment or Early Termination Payment was first due and payable to the date of actual payment. 

22 

ARTICLE VI 

NO DISPUTES; CONSISTENCY; COOPERATION 

SECTION 6.1. Participation in PubCos and OpCos Tax Matters.
PubCo shall promptly notify the TRA Party Representative of, and keep the TRA Party Representative reasonably informed with respect to, the portion of any audit of PubCo, OpCo and each of their direct or indirect Subsidiaries, by a Taxing Authority
the outcome of which is reasonably expected to materially affect any TRA Partys rights and obligations under this Agreement. For so long as the TRA Party Representative (or any of its Affiliates) is a party to this Agreement, the TRA Party
Representative shall have the right to be reasonably informed and to monitor at its own expense (but not to control) any portion of any audit of PubCo, OpCo and each of their direct or indirect Subsidiaries, by a Taxing Authority the outcome of
which is reasonably expected to materially affect either the TRA Party Representatives or any TRA Partys (or such Affiliates) rights and obligations under this Agreement. PubCo shall (a) provide to the TRA Party Representative
reasonable opportunity to provide information and other input to PubCo and their advisors concerning the conduct of any such portion of such audit and (b) not settle or fail to contest any issue in any such portion of such audit without the
prior written consent of the TRA Party Representative (or such Affiliate), which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided, however, that PubCo shall not be required to take any action in connection
with such audit that is inconsistent with any provision of this Agreement or the OpCo Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent a TRA Party became a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.6, such TRA Party shall not have any
right to participate in any audit under this Section 6.1. If the TRA Party Representative fails to respond to any notice with respect to the settlement of any such issue within fifteen (15) days of its receipt of the applicable notice, the
TRA Party Representative shall be deemed to have consented to the proposed settlement or other disposition. To the extent there is a conflict between this Agreement and the OpCo Agreement as it relates to tax matters concerning U.S. federal, state
and local and foreign income Taxes and PubCo and OpCo, including preparation, filing or amending of any Tax Return and defending, contesting or settling any issue pertaining to Taxes, this Agreement shall control. 

SECTION 6.2. Consistency. PubCo and the TRA Parties agree to report and cause to be reported for all
purposes, including U.S. federal, state and local Tax purposes and financial reporting purposes, all Tax-related items (including, without limitation, the Basis Adjustments and each Tax Benefit Payment) in a
manner consistent with that contemplated by this Agreement or specified by PubCo in any Schedule required to be provided by or on behalf of PubCo under this Agreement unless otherwise required by law. PubCo shall (and shall cause OpCo and its other
Subsidiaries to) use commercially reasonable efforts (for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account the interests and entitlements of all TRA Parties under this Agreement) to defend the Tax treatment contemplated by this Agreement and any Schedule
in any audit, contest or similar proceeding with any Taxing Authority. 

SECTION 6.3. Cooperation.
Each of the TRA Parties shall (a) use its commercially reasonable efforts to furnish to PubCo in a timely manner such information, documents and other materials as PubCo may reasonably request for purposes of making any determination or
computation necessary or appropriate under this Agreement, preparing any Tax Return or contesting or defending any audit, examination or controversy with any Taxing Authority, (b) 

23 

make itself available to PubCo and its representatives to provide explanations of documents and materials and such other information as PubCo or its representatives may reasonably request in
connection with any of the matters described in clause (a) above, and (c) reasonably cooperate in connection with any such matter, and PubCo shall reimburse each such TRA Party for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred pursuant to this Section 6.3. Upon the request of any TRA Party, PubCo shall cooperate in taking any action reasonably requested
by such TRA Party in connection with its Tax or financial reporting and/or the consummation of any assignment or transfer of any of its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement, including without limitation, providing any information or
executing any documentation. 

ARTICLE VII 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 7.1. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed duly given and received (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, or by email with confirmation of transmission by the transmitting equipment, (b) on the first Business Day following the date of
dispatch if delivered by a recognized next-day courier service or (c) three calendar days after mailing by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested. All notices hereunder
shall be delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such notice: 

If to PubCo, to: 

Flowco Holdings
Inc. 

1300 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 450 

Houston, Texas 77056 

Attention:
Joel Lambert, General Counsel 

Email: Joel.Lambert@flowco-inc.com

Sidley Austin LLP 

1000 Louisiana
Street, Suite 5900 

Houston, Texas 77002 

Attention: David C. Buck; Angela Richards 

Telephone: (713) 495-4500

Email: dbuck@sidley.com; arichards@sidley.com

If to the TRA Parties, to the respective addresses, fax numbers and email addresses set forth in the records of OpCo (or the signature pages
hereto if not a member of OpCo). 

Any party may change its address or email by giving the other party written notice of its new address or email in the
manner set forth above. 

24 

SECTION 7.2. Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts (including counterparts transmitted electronically in portable document format (pdf)), all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have
been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall be as effective
as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Agreement. Electronic signatures shall be a valid method of executing this Agreement. 

SECTION 7.3. Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 

SECTION 7.4. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
law of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles or rules of conflict of laws to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of Laws of another jurisdiction. 

SECTION 7.5. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not
affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to
effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 

SECTION 7.6. Successors; Assignment; Amendments; Waivers. 

(a) No TRA Party may assign, sell, pledge, or otherwise alienate or transfer any of its interests in this Agreement, including the right to
receive Tax Benefit Payments under this Agreement, to any Person, except with the prior written consent of the Board; provided, however, that such consent shall not be required: (i) in the case of a transfer by any TRA Party of
such transferors interests in this Agreement and rights to receive Tax Benefit Payments hereunder with respect to (x) any Units that have previously been Exchanged or (y) any Acquired Units or Tax Attributes in respect of a Blocker,
or (ii) if such assignment occurs in connection with or subsequent to an assignment to the same person of Units in accordance with the OpCo Agreement and assigns only the rights under this Agreement related to the assigned Units. If a TRA Party
transfers Units in accordance with the terms of the OpCo Agreement but does not assign to the transferee of such Units its rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to such transferred Units, (i) such TRA Party shall remain a TRA
Party under this Agreement for all purposes, including with respect to the receipt of Tax Benefit Payments to the extent payable 

25 

hereunder (including any Tax Benefit Payments in respect of the Exchanges of such transferred Units by such transferee), and (ii) the transferee of such Units shall not be a TRA Party with
respect to such Units. In connection with any assignment or transfer permitted under this Agreement, the transferee shall execute and deliver a joinder to this Agreement, substantially in form of Exhibit A hereto, agreeing to become a TRA
Party for all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise provided in such joinder. PubCo may not assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to any Person (other than pursuant to a Mandatory Assignment) without the prior
written consent of the TRA Party Representative (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Any purported assignment of this Agreement in violation of the foregoing in this Section 7.6(a) shall be null and
void. 

(b) No provision of this Agreement may be amended unless such amendment is approved in writing by each of PubCo (following approval
of a majority of its Board of Directors) and by the TRA Parties who would be entitled to receive at least two-thirds (2/3) of the total amount of the Early Termination Payments payable to all TRA Parties
hereunder if PubCo had exercised its right of early termination on the date of the most recent Exchange prior to such amendment (excluding, for purposes of this sentence, all payments made to any TRA Party pursuant to this Agreement since the date
of such most recent Exchange); provided, that no such amendment shall be effective if such amendment would have a material and disproportionate effect on the payments one or more TRA Parties entitled to receive under this Agreement unless
such amendment is consented to in writing by such TRA Parties disproportionately affected who would be entitled to receive at least a majority of the total amount of the Early Termination Payments payable to all TRA Parties disproportionately
affected hereunder if PubCo had exercised its right of early termination on the date of the most recent Exchange prior to such amendment (excluding, for purposes of this sentence, all payments made to any TRA Party pursuant to this Agreement since
the date of such most recent Exchange). No provision of this Agreement may be waived unless such waiver is in writing and signed by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective. 

(c) All of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, shall inure to the benefit of and shall be enforceable by the
parties hereto and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. PubCo shall require and cause any direct or indirect successor (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise)
to all or substantially all of the business or assets of PubCo, by written agreement, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that PubCo would be required to perform if no such succession had
taken place (a Mandatory Assignment). 

SECTION 7.7. Titles and
Subtitles. The titles of the sections and subsections of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construing this Agreement. 

SECTION 7.8. Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. Any action based upon, arising out of or related to
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may be brought in federal and state courts located in the State of Delaware, and each of the Parties irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of each such court in any such action,
waives any objection it may now or hereafter have to personal jurisdiction, venue or to convenience of forum, agrees that all claims in respect of the action shall be heard and determined only in any such court, and agrees not to bring

26 

any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in any other court. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to affect the right of any Party to
serve process in any manner permitted by Law or to commence legal proceedings or otherwise proceed against any other Party in any other jurisdiction, in each case, to enforce judgments obtained in any Action brought pursuant to this
Section 7.8. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

SECTION 7.9. Reconciliation. In the event that PubCo and the TRA Party Representative are unable to
resolve a disagreement with respect to the calculations required to produce the schedules described in Sections 2.3 and 4.2 (but not, for the avoidance doubt, with respect to any legal interpretation with respect to such provisions) within the
relevant period designated in this Agreement (Reconciliation Dispute), the Reconciliation Dispute shall be submitted for determination to a nationally recognized expert, acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator (the
Expert) in the particular area of disagreement mutually acceptable to PubCo and the TRA Party Representative. The Expert shall be a nationally recognized accounting or law firm, and unless PubCo and the TRA Party
Representative agree otherwise, the Expert shall not have any material relationship with PubCo or the TRA Party Representative or other actual or potential conflict of interest. If PubCo and the TRA Party Representative are unable to agree on an
Expert within fifteen (15) calendar days of receipt by the respondent(s) of written notice of a Reconciliation Dispute, then the Expert shall be appointed by the International Chamber of Commerce Centre for Expertise (the
ICC) in accordance with the criteria set forth above in this Section 7.9. The Expert shall resolve any matter relating to the TRA Partys Basis Schedule or an amendment thereto or the Early
Termination Schedule or an amendment thereto within thirty (30) calendar days and shall resolve any matter relating to a Tax Benefit Schedule or an amendment thereto within fifteen (15) calendar days or as soon thereafter as is reasonably
practicable, in each case after the matter has been submitted to the Expert for resolution. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the matter is not resolved before any payment that is the subject of a disagreement would be due (in the absence
of such disagreement) or any Tax Return reflecting the subject of a disagreement is due, the undisputed amount shall be paid on the date prescribed by this Agreement and such Tax Return may be filed as prepared by PubCo, subject to adjustment or
amendment upon resolution. The costs and expenses relating to the engagement (and, if applicable, the selection by the ICC) of such Expert or amending any Tax Return shall be borne by PubCo except as provided in the next sentence. PubCo and the TRA
Party Representative shall bear their own costs and expenses of such proceeding, unless (i) the Expert adopts the TRA Party Representatives position, in which case PubCo shall reimburse the TRA Party Representative for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses in such proceeding, or (ii) the Expert adopts PubCos position, in which case the TRA Party Representative shall reimburse PubCo for
any reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses in such proceeding. Any dispute as to whether a dispute is a Reconciliation Dispute within the meaning of this
Section 7.9 shall be decided by the Expert. The Expert shall finally determine any Reconciliation Dispute and the determinations of the Expert pursuant to this Section 7.9 shall be binding on PubCo, the TRA Party Representative and each of
the TRA Parties and may be entered and enforced in any court having jurisdiction. 

27 

SECTION 7.10. Withholding. PubCo shall be entitled
to deduct and withhold from any payment payable pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as PubCo is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code or any provision of state, local or foreign Tax law;
provided, that PubCo shall have first notified the applicable TRA Party of its intent to deduct or withhold, and PubCo and the applicable TRA Party shall have discussed in good faith whether such Taxes can be mitigated to the extent permitted
under applicable law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld and paid over to the appropriate Taxing Authority by PubCo, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of
whom such withholding was made. To the extent that any payment pursuant to this Agreement is not reduced by such deductions or withholdings, such recipient shall indemnify the applicable withholding agent for any amounts imposed by any Taxing
Authority together with any costs and expenses related thereto. Each TRA Party shall promptly provide PubCo, OpCo or other applicable withholding agent with any applicable Tax forms and certifications (including IRS Form W-9 or the applicable version of IRS Form W-8) reasonably requested, in connection with determining whether any such deductions and withholdings are required under the Code or
any provision of U.S. state, local or foreign Tax law. 

SECTION 7.11. Admission of PubCo into a Consolidated
Group; Transfers of Corporate Assets. 

(a) If PubCo is or becomes a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group
of corporations that files a consolidated income Tax Return pursuant to Sections 1501 et seq. of the Code or any corresponding provisions of state or local law, then: (i) the provisions of this Agreement shall be applied with respect to the
group as a whole; and (ii) Tax Benefit Payments, Early Termination Payments and other applicable items hereunder shall be computed with reference to the consolidated taxable income of the group as a whole. 

(b) If PubCo (or any member of a group described in Section 7.11(a), or any entity that is controlled by any member of a group described
in Section 7.11(a)) transfers or is deemed to transfer any Unit or any Reference Asset to a transferee that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income Tax purposes (other than a member of a group described in Section 7.11(a)) in a
transaction in which the transferees basis in the property acquired is determined in whole or in part by reference to such transferors basis in such property, then PubCo shall cause such transferee to assume the obligation to make
payments hereunder with respect to the applicable Tax Attributes associated with any Reference Asset or interest therein acquired (directly or indirectly) in such transfer (taking into account any gain recognized in the transaction) in a manner
consistent with the terms of this Agreement as the transferee (or one of its Affiliates) actually realizes Tax benefits from the Tax Attributes. If OpCo transfers (or is deemed to transfer for U.S. federal income Tax purposes) any Reference Asset to
a transferee that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income Tax purposes (other than a member of a group described in Section 7.11(a)) in a transaction in which the transferees basis in the property acquired is determined in
whole or in part by reference to such transferors basis in such property, OpCo shall be treated as having disposed of the Reference Asset in a wholly taxable transaction. The consideration deemed to be received by OpCo in a transaction
contemplated in the prior sentence shall be equal to the fair market value of the deemed transferred asset, plus (i) the amount of debt to which such asset is subject, in the case of a transfer of an encumbered asset or (ii) the amount of
debt allocated to such asset, in the case of a transfer of a partnership interest. If any member of a group described in Section 7.11(a) that owns any Unit deconsolidates from the group (or PubCo deconsolidates from the group), then PubCo shall
cause such member (or the parent of the consolidated group in 

28 

a case where PubCo deconsolidates from the group) to assume the obligation to make payments hereunder with respect to the applicable Tax Attributes associated with any Reference Asset it owns
(directly or indirectly) in a manner consistent with the terms of this Agreement as the member (or one of its Affiliates) actually realizes Tax benefits. If a transferee or a member of a group described in Section 7.11(a) assumes an obligation
to make payments hereunder pursuant to either of the foregoing sentences, then the initial obligor is relieved of the obligation assumed. 

(c) If PubCo (or any member of a group described in Section 7.11(a)) transfers (or is deemed to transfer for U.S. federal income Tax
purposes) any Unit (other than to a member of a group described in Section 7.11(a)) in a transaction that is wholly or partially taxable, then for purposes of calculating payments under this Agreement, OpCo shall be treated as having disposed
of the portion of any Reference Asset that is indirectly transferred by PubCo (i.e., taking into account the number of Units transferred) in a wholly or partially taxable transaction in which all income, gain or loss is allocated to PubCo.
The consideration deemed to be received by OpCo shall be equal to the fair market value of the deemed transferred asset, plus (i) the amount of debt to which such asset is subject, in the case of a transfer of an encumbered asset or
(ii) the amount of debt allocated to such asset, in the case of a transfer of a partnership interest. 

SECTION 7.12. Confidentiality. 

(a) Subject to the last sentence of Section 6.3, each TRA Party and the TRA Party Representative, and each of their assignees,
acknowledge and agree that the information of PubCo is confidential and, except in the course of performing any duties as necessary for PubCo and its Affiliates, as required by law or legal process or to enforce the terms of this Agreement, such
person shall keep and retain in the strictest confidence and not disclose to any Person any confidential matters, acquired pursuant to this Agreement, of PubCo and its Affiliates and successors, concerning OpCo and its Affiliates and successors or
the Members, learned by the TRA Party heretofore or hereafter. This Section 7.12 shall not apply to (i) any information that has been made publicly available by PubCo or any of its Affiliates, becomes public knowledge (except as a result
of an act of the TRA Party in violation of this Agreement) or is generally known to the business community and (ii) the disclosure of information (A) to the extent necessary for the TRA Party or its direct or indirect owners to prepare and
file its Tax Returns, to respond to any inquiries regarding the same from any Taxing Authority or to prosecute or defend any action, proceeding or audit by any Taxing Authority with respect to such returns, (B) by a TRA Party or the TRA Party
Representative to its Affiliates and its and their respective employees, directors, counsel and advisors on a confidential basis, (C) as may be proper in the course of performing a TRA Partys or the TRA Party Representatives
obligations, or monitoring or enforcing such partys rights, under this Agreement, (D) as part of a TRA Partys normal reporting, rating or review procedure (including normal credit rating and pricing process), or in connection with a
TRA Partys or its Affiliates normal fund raising, financing, marketing, informational or reporting activities, or to a TRA Partys (or any of its Affiliates) or its direct or indirect owners or Affiliates, auditors,
accountants, employees, attorneys or other agents, (E) to any bona fide prospective assignee of a TRA Partys rights under this Agreement, or prospective merger or other business combination partner of a TRA Party, provided that such
assignee or merger partner agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Section 7.12, or (F) as is required to be disclosed by order of a court of competent jurisdiction, administrative body or governmental body, or by subpoena, summons or
legal process, or by law, rule or regulation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 

29 

herein, each TRA Party and each of its assignees (and each employee, representative or other agent of the TRA Party or its assignees, as applicable) may disclose to any and all Persons, without
limitation of any kind, the Tax treatment and Tax structure of PubCo, OpCo and their Affiliates, and any of their transactions, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other Tax analyses) that are provided to the TRA Party relating to
such Tax treatment and Tax structure. 

(b) If a TRA Party or an assignee commits a breach, or threatens to commit a breach, of any of the
provisions of this Section 7.12, PubCo shall have the right and remedy to have the provisions of this Section 7.12 specifically enforced by injunctive relief or otherwise by any court of competent jurisdiction without the need to post any
bond or other security, it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach or threatened breach shall cause irreparable injury to PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries or the TRA Parties and the accounts and funds managed by PubCo and that money
damages alone shall not provide an adequate remedy to such Persons. Such rights and remedies shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 

SECTION 7.13. Change in Law. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if, in connection with
an actual or proposed change in law, a TRA Party reasonably believes that the existence of this Agreement could cause income (other than income arising from receipt of a payment under this Agreement) recognized by the TRA Party upon any Exchange by
such TRA Party to be treated as ordinary income (other than by reason of the application of Section 751(a) of the Code to such Exchange) rather than capital gain (or otherwise taxed at ordinary income rates) for U.S. federal income Tax purposes
or would have other material adverse Tax consequences to such TRA Party, then at the election of such TRA Party and to the extent specified by such TRA Party, this Agreement (i) shall cease to have further effect with respect to such TRA Party,
(ii) shall not apply to an Exchange by such TRA Party occurring after a date specified by such TRA Party, or (iii) shall otherwise be amended in a manner determined by such TRA Party and PubCo as it relates to such TRA Party,
provided, that such amendment shall not result in an increase in payments under this Agreement at any time as compared to the amounts and times of payments that would have been due in the absence of such amendment. 

SECTION 7.14. TRA Party Representative. By executing this Agreement, each of the TRA Parties shall be
deemed to have irrevocably constituted the TRA Party Representative as his, her or its agent and attorney in fact with full power of substitution to act from and after the date hereof and to do any and all things and execute any and all documents on
behalf of such TRA Parties which may be necessary, convenient or appropriate to facilitate those matters under this Agreement with respect to which the TRA Party Representative is expressly authorized to take actions pursuant to the other provisions
of this Agreement. In connection therewith, the TRA Party Representative shall be entitled to engage attorneys, accountants, agents or consultants on behalf of such TRA Parties in connection with this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated
hereby and paying any fees related thereto on behalf of such TRA Parties. Without limiting the foregoing sentence, the TRA Party Representative will use commercially reasonable efforts to keep the TRA Parties informed in a timely manner on actions
taken on their behalf in accordance with this Section 7.14 and to consider in good faith their comments and requests. The TRA Party Representative may resign upon thirty (30) days written notice to PubCo, in which case the TRA Party
Representative shall be determined by approval of two-thirds of the TRA Parties (which two-thirds shall be determined based on the percentages of the TRA Parties
IPO Basis Percentage). 

30 

All reasonable, documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the TRA Party Representative in its
capacity as such shall be promptly reimbursed by PubCo upon invoice and reasonable support therefor by the TRA Party Representative to PubCo. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the TRA Party Representative, any of its Affiliates, or any
of the TRA Party Representatives or Affiliates directors, officers, employees or other agents (each a Covered Person) shall be liable, responsible or accountable in damages or otherwise to any TRA Party, OpCo or
PubCo for damages arising from any action taken or omitted to be taken by the TRA Party Representative or any other Person with respect to OpCo or PubCo, except in the case of any action or omission which constitutes, with respect to such Person,
willful misconduct or fraud. Each of the Covered Persons may consult with legal counsel, accountants, and other experts selected by it, and any act or omission suffered or taken by it on behalf of the TRA Parties or in furtherance of the interests
of the TRA Parties in good faith in reliance upon and in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants, or other experts shall create a rebuttable presumption of the good faith and due care of such Covered Person with respect to such act
or omission; provided, that such counsel, accountants, or other experts were selected with reasonable care. Each of the Covered Persons may rely in good faith upon, and shall have no liability to OpCo, PubCo or the TRA Parties for acting or
refraining from acting upon, any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, debenture, or other paper or document reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or
presented by the proper party or parties. PubCo may rely in good faith upon, and shall have no liability to OpCo or the TRA Parties for acting or refraining from acting upon, any action, inaction, decision, resolution, certificate, statement,
correspondence, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, and consent by the TRA Party Representative. 

[The remainder of this page is
intentionally blank] 

31 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, PubCo and each TRA Party have duly executed this Agreement as of the
date first written above. 

PubCo:

FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC.

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Genesis Park II, LP Sean Ratzlaff

John Gatlin Matthew Young

Chad Roberts Charles Stevens

Christopher D. Courtney Clint Bell

Will Nelle Tommy Hunt

Steven Schwin David Dahlgren

Ryan Reynolds Grant Marcoux

Michael Carnes Joseph Irvin

Matthew Langford Darrel Boyd

Joni Rice Garrett Winford

Kelby Danes John Mark Lee

William G. Elmer and Cynthia P. Elmer Susan Horton

Eric McClure JD Spencer

Max Lift, LLC Brandon Dobbs

Board of Regents of the University of Texas System Dean Lehner

Forge4 Trust Brooks Mims Talton, III

Charles Jones James A. Merrill

Michael Spencer Harlow Irrevocable Trust Drake Andarakes

Lauren Elizabeth Harlow Irrevocable Trust Aaron Baker

Private Advisors Real Assets Fund II, LP Jason Fortner

Thomas Reed Collins Charles Crenshaw

Buddy Davis Kevin Pollard

Daniel Isbell Denis Mark Baker

Terrance Tremel Jonathan David Waggoner

Cant Touch This, LLC Larry W. Brickman

Hersheys Pot of Gold, LLC Garrett Boyd

Shawn Radcliff 

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Attorney in Fact

WDE FLOGISTIX AGGREGATE LLC

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its Manager

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WD THUNDER CV IND LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WD THUNDER CV LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WD THUNDER CV PARALLEL LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

Exhibit A 

Form of Joinder 

This
JOINDER (this Joinder) to the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined below), is by and among Flowco Holdings Inc. a Delaware corporation (including any successor corporation, PubCo), _______________
(Transferor) and _______________ (Permitted Transferee). 

WHEREAS, on _______________, Permitted
Transferee shall acquire _______________ percent of the Transferors right to receive payments that may become due and payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined below) (the Acquired Interests) from Transferor
(the Acquisition); and 

WHEREAS, Transferor, in connection with the Acquisition, has required Permitted Transferee to
execute and deliver this Joinder pursuant to Section 7.6(a) of the Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of [], 2025, among PubCo and the TRA Parties (as defined therein) (the Tax Receivable Agreement). 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective covenants and agreements set forth herein, and intending to be legally
bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

Section 1.1 Definitions. To the extent capitalized words used in this
Joinder are not defined in this Joinder, such words shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

Section 1.2 Acquisition. For good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the Transferor
and the Permitted Transferee, the Transferor hereby transfers and assigns absolutely to the Permitted Transferee all of the Acquired Interests. 

Section 1.3 Joinder. Permitted Transferee hereby acknowledges and agrees (i) that it has received and read the Tax Receivable
Agreement, (ii) that the Permitted Transferee is acquiring the Acquired Interests in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Tax Receivable Agreement and (iii) to become a TRA Party (as defined in the Tax
Receivable Agreement) for all purposes of the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

Section 1.4 Notice. Any notice, request, consent,
claim, demand, approval, waiver or other communication hereunder to Permitted Transferee shall be delivered or sent to Permitted Transferee at the address set forth on the signature page hereto in accordance with Section 7.1 of the Tax
Receivable Agreement. 

Section 1.5 Governing Law. This Joinder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law
of the State of Delaware. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Joinder has been duly executed and delivered by Permitted
Transferee as of the date first above written. 

FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[TRANSFEROR]

By: 

Name:

Title:

[PERMITTED TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address for notice:

Schedule I 

White Deer Blocker Shareholder Percentages 

White Deer Blockers 

White Deer Blocker Shareholder

Percentages

WDE Flogistix Upper TE, LLC 

WD Thunder CV Parallel LP: 22.96%%

WD Thunder
CV IND LP: 6.75%

WD Thunder CV LP: 70.29%

WDE Flogistix Upper FI, LLC 

WD Thunder CV Parallel LP: 22.96%

WD Thunder CV
IND LP: 6.75%

WD Thunder CV LP: 70.29%

WD Thunder CV Parallel Blocker LP 

WD Thunder CV Parallel LP: 100%

WD Thunder CV
IND LP: 0%

WD Thunder CV LP: 0%
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d857846dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

This REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of January 17, 2025 by and among Flowco
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), and each Person identified on the Schedule of Holders attached hereto as of the date hereof (such Persons, collectively, the Initial
Holders). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Corporation has, effectively concurrently with entry into this Agreement, consummated the offer and sale of its shares of
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock and such shares, the Shares), to the public in an underwritten initial public
offering (the IPO); 

WHEREAS, in connection with the consummation of the IPO, (i) the Corporation, Flowco
MergeCo LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the LLC Company), the Initial Holders and certain other parties have entered into that certain Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the LLC
Company (such agreement, as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified form time to time, the LLC Agreement), (ii) each Initial Holder was issued Common Units (as defined in the
LLC Agreement, the Common Units) of the LLC Company and (iii) each Common Unit is redeemable for, at the Corporations option, shares of Class A Common Stock or cash on the terms set forth in the LLC
Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, in connection with the IPO and the transactions described above, the Corporation has agreed to grant to the
Holders (as defined below) certain rights with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities (as defined below) on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby agree as follows: 

Section 1. Definitions.
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified in this Section 1: 

Acquired Common has the meaning set forth in Section 12. 

Additional Holder has the meaning set forth in Section 12, and shall be deemed to include
each such Persons Affiliates, immediate family members, heirs, successors and assigns who may succeed to such Person as a Holder hereunder. 

Adverse Disclosure means public disclosure of material non-public
information which, in the Boards judgment, after consultation with outside legal counsel to the Corporation, (i) would be required to be made in any report or Registration Statement filed with the SEC by the Corporation so that such
report or Registration Statement would not be materially misleading; (ii) would not be required to be made at such time but for the filing, effectiveness or continued use of such report or Registration Statement; and (iii) the Corporation
has a bona fide business purpose for not disclosing publicly at such time. 

Affiliate of any Person means any other Person controlled by,
controlling or under common control with such Person; provided that the Corporation and its Subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be Affiliates of any Holder. As used in this definition, control (including, with its correlative
meanings, controlling, controlled by and under common control with) shall mean possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of
securities, by contract or otherwise). 

Affiliate Transferee means, with respect to any Person, any Transferee
that is an Affiliate of such Person. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Automatic Shelf Registration Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 405. 

Board means the board of directors of the Corporation. 

Business Day means any day of the year on which national banking institutions in New York are open to the public for
conducting business and are not required or authorized to close. 

Capital Stock means (i) with respect to
any Person that is a corporation, any and all shares, interests or equivalents in capital stock of such corporation (whether voting or nonvoting and whether common or preferred), (ii) with respect to any Person that is not a corporation, individual
or governmental entity, any and all partnership, membership, limited liability company or other equity interests of such Person that confer on the holder thereof the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or the distribution of
assets of the issuing Person, and (iii) any and all warrants, rights (including conversion and exchange rights) and options to purchase any security described in the clause (i) or (ii) above. 

Class A Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Class B Common Stock means the Corporations Class B common stock, par
value $0.0001 per share. 

Common Units has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Corporation has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Eligible Take-Down Holders means each of the GEC Holders, the White Deer Holders, and any other Holders that the GEC
Holders have designated as Eligible Take-Down Holders, in each case, to the extent it is a Shelf Holder. 

Exchange
Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, or any successor federal law then in force, together with all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

2 

FINRA means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. 

Free Writing Prospectus means a free-writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405. 

GEC means GEC Advisors LLC. 

GEC Holders means the entities designated as GEC Holders on the Schedule of Holders (the GEC
Members), any Affiliate of the GEC Members, any of its Affiliate Transferees and any Affiliate Transferee of any of the foregoing. 

GEC Initiating Holders means one or more GEC Holders or any GEC Affiliate Transferee to whom a GEC Holder has
transferred rights pursuant to Section 8. 

Holder means any Person that is a party to
this Agreement from time to time, as set forth on the signature pages hereto. 

Initiating Holder means the GEC
Initiating Holders or the White Deer Initiating Holders, as applicable. 

IPO has the meaning set forth in the
recitals. 

Joinder has the meaning set forth in Section 12. 

LLC Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

LLC Company has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Marketed means an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down that involves the use or involvement of a customary road
show (including an electronic road show) or other substantial marketing effort by underwriters over a period of at least 48 hours. 

MNPI means material non-public information within the meaning of Regulation
FD promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

Non-Marketed means an
Underwritten Shelf Take-Down that is not a Marketed Underwritten Shelf Take-Down, including a block trade or similar transaction that is not Marketed. 

Permitted Transferee shall have the meaning set forth in the LLC Agreement. 

Person means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock
company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization and a governmental entity or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof. 

Prospectus means the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, all amendments and supplements to such
prospectus, including post- effective amendments, and all other material incorporated by reference in such prospectus. 

3 

Public Offering means any sale or distribution to the public of
Capital Stock of the Corporation pursuant to an offering registered under the Securities Act, whether by the Corporation, by Holders and/or by any other holders of the Corporations Capital Stock. 

register, registered and registration means a
registration effected pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC (the Registration Statement) in compliance with the Securities Act. 

Registration Expenses means any and all expenses incident to the performance by the Corporation of its obligations
under this Agreement, including (i) all SEC or stock exchange registration and filing fees (including, if applicable, the fees and expenses of any qualified independent underwriter, as such term is defined in Rule 5121 of FINRA (or
any successor provision), and of its counsel), (ii) all fees and expenses of complying with securities or blue sky laws (including fees and disbursements of counsel for the underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable
Securities), (iii) all printing, messenger and delivery expenses, (iv) all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange and all rating agency fees, (v) the fees and
disbursements of counsel for the Corporation and of its independent public accountants, including the expenses of any special audits and/or comfort letters required by or incident to such performance and compliance, (vi) any fees and
disbursements of underwriters customarily paid by the issuers or sellers of securities, including liability insurance if the Corporation so desires or if the underwriters so require, and the reasonable fees and expenses of any special experts
retained in connection with the requested registration, but excluding underwriting discounts and commissions and transfer taxes, if any, (vii) the reasonable fees and
out-of-pocket expenses of one counsel selected by the majority in interest of the Initiating Holders or the majority in interest of the Shelf Take-Down Initiating
Holders, as applicable, (viii) the costs and expenses of the Corporation relating to analyst and investor presentations or any road show undertaken in connection with the registration and/or marketing of the Registrable Securities
(including expenses incurred by the Holders) and (ix) any other fees and disbursements customarily paid by the issuers of securities. 

Registrable Securities means (i) any Class A Common Stock issued by the Corporation in a Share Settlement
in connection with (x) the redemption by the LLC Company of Common Units owned by any Holders or (y) at the election of the Corporation, in a direct exchange for Common Units owned by any Holder, in each case in accordance with the terms
of the LLC Agreement, (ii) any Capital Stock of the Corporation or of any Subsidiary of the Corporation issued or issuable with respect to the securities referred to in clause (i) above by way of dividend, distribution, split or
combination of securities, or any recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization, and (iii) any other Shares owned, directly or indirectly, by Holders. As to any particular Registrable Securities owned by any Person, such
securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (a) on the date such securities have been sold or distributed pursuant to a Public Offering, (b) on the date such securities have been sold in compliance with Rule 144, (c) on the date
such securities have been repurchased by the Corporation or a Subsidiary of the Corporation or (d) on the date the Holder which, together with his, her or its Permitted Transferees, beneficially owns less than one percent (1%) of the Capital
Stock of the Corporation that is outstanding at such time and such Holder is able to dispose of all of its Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144 in a single transaction without volume limitation or other restrictions on transfer thereunder and
the Corporation has delivered an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory 

4 

to the transfer agent of the Corporations equity securities certifying that such Registrable Securities may be so sold. For purposes of this Agreement, a Person shall be deemed to be a
Holder, and the Registrable Securities shall be deemed to be in existence, whenever such Person has the right to acquire, directly or indirectly, such Registrable Securities (upon conversion or exercise in connection with a transfer of securities or
otherwise, but disregarding any restrictions or limitations upon the exercise of such right), whether or not such acquisition has actually been effected, and such Person shall be entitled to exercise the rights of a holder of Registrable Securities
hereunder; provided a holder of Registrable Securities may only request that Registrable Securities in the form of Capital Stock of the Corporation that is registered or to be registered as a class under Section 12 of the Exchange Act be
registered pursuant to this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, while Common Units and shares of Class B Common Stock may constitute Registrable Securities, under no circumstances shall the Corporation be obligated to register Common Units
or shares of Class B Common Stock, and only Shares issuable upon redemption or exchange of Common Units will be registered. 

Rule 144, Rule 158, Rule 405 and Rule
415 mean, in each case, such rule promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor provision) by the SEC, as the same shall be amended from time to time, or any successor rule then in force. 

Schedule of Holders means the schedule attached to this Agreement entitled Schedule of Holders, as the
same shall be amended to reflect each Holder from time to time party to this Agreement. 

Securities Act means
the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, or any successor federal law then in force, together with all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Share Settlement shall have the meaning set forth in the LLC Agreement. 

Shares has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Shelf Holder means any Holder that owns Registrable Securities that have been registered on a Shelf Registration
Statement. 

Shelf Registration Statement means a Registration Statement of the Corporation filed with the SEC
for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any similar rule that may be adopted by the SEC) covering the Registrable Securities, as applicable. 

Shelf Take-Down means any offering or sale of Registrable Securities initiated by an Initiating Holder pursuant to a
Shelf Registration Statement. 

5 

Subsidiary means, with respect to the Corporation, any
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other business entity of which (i) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of Capital Stock of such Person entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any
contingency) to vote in the election of directors is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, or (ii) if a limited liability company, partnership, association or other business entity, either (x) a
majority of the Capital Stock of such Person entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of managers, general partners or other oversight board vested with the authority to direct management of such Person
is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation or (y) the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries is the sole manager or general partner of such Person. 

Third Party Holder means any holder (other than a Holder) of Shares who exercises contractual rights to participate
in a registered offering of Shares. 

Third Party Shelf Holder means any Third Party Holders whose Registrable
Securities are registered on a Shelf Registration Statement. 

Transferee means any Person to whom any Holder
directly or indirectly transfers Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms hereof. 

Underwritten
Offering has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3(b). 

Underwritten Shelf
Take-Down has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(d)(iii). 

Underwritten
Shelf Take-Down Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2(d)(ii). 

White Deer means White Deer Management LLC. 

White Deer Holders means the entities designated as White Deer Holders on the Schedule of Holders (the
White Deer Members), any Affiliate of the White Deer Members, any of its Affiliate Transferees and any Affiliate Transferee of any of the foregoing. 

White Deer Initiating Holders means one or more White Deer Holders or any White Deer Affiliate Transferee to whom a
White Deer Holder has transferred rights pursuant to Section 8 below. 

WKSI means a
well-known seasoned issuer as defined under Rule 405. 

Section 2. Shelf Registration. 

(a) Filing. Subject to the Corporations rights under Section 2(c), the Corporation hereby agrees that
it shall (i) use its reasonable best efforts to file on or prior to the first Business Day that is at least 181 days following the date hereof (provided if such date is following the end of a fiscal quarter for which a Form 10-Q or Form 10-K has not been filed with the SEC, then such filing requirement shall be deferred until the date that is five Business Days following the filing of such Form 10-Q or Form 10-K with the SEC) (the Shelf Registration Date) a Shelf Registration Statement (which Shelf Registration Statement shall be filed on
Form S-3 if the Corporation is eligible therefor at the time of filing such Shelf Registration Statement with the SEC, and further shall be designated by the Corporation as an Automatic Shelf Registration
Statement if the Corporation is a WKSI at the time of filing such Shelf Registration Statement with the SEC), as 

6 

will permit or facilitate the sale and distribution of all Registrable Securities owned by the Holders (or such lesser amount of the Registrable Securities of any Holder as such Holder shall
request to the Corporation in writing) in such manners of distribution as the Holders may reasonably request, and (ii) use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Shelf Registration Statement to become effective as promptly as reasonably
practicable after the Shelf Registration Date. No later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the filing of such Shelf Registration Statement, the Corporation shall give written notice to all Holders of the anticipated date of the filing of such
Shelf Registration Statement. If the Corporation is permitted by applicable law, rule or regulation to add selling securityholders or additional Registrable Securities, as applicable, to a Shelf Registration Statement without filing a post-effective
amendment, a Holder that requested that not all of its Registrable Securities be included in a Shelf Registration Statement that is currently effective may request the inclusion of such Holders Registrable Securities (such amount not in any
event to exceed the total Registrable Securities owned by such Holder) in such Shelf Registration Statement at any time or from time to time, and the Corporation shall add such Registrable Securities to the Shelf Registration Statement as promptly
as reasonably practicable, and such Holder shall be deemed a Shelf Holder. The Corporation shall also use its reasonable best efforts to file any replacement or additional Shelf Registration Statement and use reasonable best efforts to cause such
replacement or additional Shelf Registration Statement to become effective prior to the expiration of the initial Shelf Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Section 2(a). 

(b) Continued Effectiveness. The Corporation shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep such Shelf Registration Statement filed
pursuant to this Section 2 hereof, including any replacement or additional Shelf Registration Statement, continuously effective under the Securities Act in order to permit the Prospectus forming a part thereof to be usable
by the Shelf Holders until the date as of which all Registrable Securities registered by such Shelf Registration Statement have been sold or cease to be Registrable Securities. 

(c) Suspension of Filing or Registration. If the Corporation shall furnish to the Holders (if a Shelf Registration Statement has not
yet become effective) or the Shelf Holders (after a Shelf Registration Statement has become effective), a certificate signed by the chief executive officer or equivalent senior executive of the Corporation, stating that the filing, effectiveness or
continued use of the Shelf Registration Statement would require the Corporation to make an Adverse Disclosure, then the Corporation shall have a period of not more than 60 days or such longer period as the applicable Initiating Holder shall consent
to in writing, within which to delay the filing or effectiveness (but not the preparation) of such Shelf Registration Statement or, in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement that has been declared effective, to suspend the use by Shelf Holders
of such Shelf Registration Statement (in each case, a Shelf Suspension); provided, however, that, unless consented to in writing by the applicable Initiating Holder, the Corporation shall not be permitted to exercise in any
12-month period (i) more than two (2) Shelf Suspensions pursuant to this Section 2(c) or (ii) aggregate Shelf Suspensions pursuant to this
Section 2(c) of more than 90 days. Each Holder shall keep confidential the fact that a Shelf Suspension is in effect, the certificate referred to above and its contents for the permitted duration of the Shelf Suspension or
until otherwise notified by the Corporation, except (A) for disclosure to such Holders employees, agents and professional advisers who need to know such information and are obligated to keep it confidential, (B) for disclosures to
the extent required in order to comply with reporting obligations to its limited partners who have agreed to keep such information confidential and (C) as required by law, rule or regulation. In the case of a Shelf Suspension that occurs after
the effectiveness of 

7 

the Shelf Registration Statement, the Shelf Holders agree to suspend use of the applicable Prospectus for the permitted duration of such Shelf Suspension in connection with any sale or purchase
of, or offer to sell or purchase, Registrable Securities, upon receipt of the certificate referred to above. The Corporation shall immediately notify the Holders or Shelf Holders, as applicable, upon the termination of any Shelf Suspension, and
(i) in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement that has not been filed, or has been filed but not declared effective, shall promptly thereafter file the Shelf Registration Statement, as applicable, and use its reasonable best efforts to have
such Shelf Registration Statement declared effective under the Securities Act and (ii) in the case of an effective Shelf Registration Statement, shall amend or supplement the Prospectus, if necessary, so it does not contain any material
misstatement or omission prior to the expiration of the Shelf Suspension and furnish to the Shelf Holders such numbers of copies of the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented as the Shelf Holders may reasonably request. The Corporation agrees, if
necessary, to supplement or make amendments to the Shelf Registration Statement if required by the registration form used by the Corporation for the shelf registration or by the instructions applicable to such registration form or by the Securities
Act or the rules or regulations promulgated thereunder or as may reasonably be requested by the Shelf Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding. 

(d) Shelf Take-Downs. 

(i) Generally. Subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, for so long as an Initiating Holder (the
Shelf Take-Down Initiating Holder) may initiate a Shelf Take-Down pursuant to this Section 2(d), at the option of such Shelf Take-Down Initiating Holder, such Shelf Take-Down (a) may be in the
form of an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down or a Shelf Take-Down that is not an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down and (b) in the case of an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down, may be Non-Marketed or Marketed, in each
case, as shall be specified in the written demand delivered by the Shelf Take-Down Initiating Holder to the Corporation pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2(d). Notwithstanding anything contained in this
Section 2(d), no Shelf Take-Down Initiating Holder shall have the right to initiate a Shelf Take-Down if such Shelf Take-Down Initiating Holder could sell or otherwise distribute its Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule
144 in a single transaction without any volume or manner of sale limitations and any Shelf Take-Down subject to this Section 2(d) must involve the offer and sale by such Shelf Take-Down Initiating Holder of Registrable
Securities having a reasonably anticipated net offering price (after deduction of underwriter commissions and offering expenses) of at least $25,000,000. 

(ii) Notices. The Shelf Take-Down Initiating Holders may elect in a written demand delivered to the Corporation (an
Underwritten Shelf Take-Down Notice) to conduct a Shelf Take-Down in the manner described in each of Section 2(d)(iii), 2(d)(iv) and 2(d)(v). Within five (5) business days (or if
the Shelf Registration Statement is on Form S-3 or relates to a Non-Marketed Shelf Take-Down, within two (2) business days) after the receipt of the Underwritten
Shelf Take-Down Notice, give notice to the Eligible Take-Down Holders and, shall as soon as practicable, but in any event within twenty (20) business days after the delivery of such Underwritten Shelf Take-Down Notice (except if the Corporation
is not then eligible to register for offer and resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case, within 90 days thereof), the Corporation shall, if so requested,

8 

file and effect an amendment or supplement of the Shelf Registration Statement for such purpose, which amendment or supplement of the Shelf Registration Statement shall cover all of the
Registrable Securities that the Eligible Take-Down Holders shall in writing request to be included in such Shelf-Take Down (such request to be given to the Corporation within five (5) Business Days (or if the Registration Statement will be on
Form S-3 or relates to a Non-Marketed Shelf Take-Down, within three (3) Business Days) after receipt of notice of the Underwritten Shelf Take-Down Notice given by
the Corporation pursuant to this Section 2(d)(ii)). Any notice delivered pursuant to this Section 2(d)(ii) shall include (i) the total number of Registrable Securities expected to be offered
and sold in such Shelf Take-Down and (ii) the expected timing and plan of distribution of such Shelf Take-Down. 

(iii)
Underwritten Shelf Take-Downs. 

(a) Any Shelf Take-Down that a Shelf Take-Down Initiating Holder has initiated
(including any Restricted Shelf Take-Down) may be in the form of an underwritten offering (an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down). The Shelf Take-Down Initiating Holders that own a majority of the Registrable Securities to be
offered for sale in such Underwritten Shelf Take-Down shall have the right to select the underwriter or underwriters to administer such Underwritten Shelf Take-Down; provided, that such underwriter or underwriters shall be reasonably acceptable to
the Corporation. 

(b) The Corporation shall, together with all Shelf Holders and Third Party Shelf Holders of Registrable
Securities of the Corporation proposing to distribute their securities through such Underwritten Shelf Take-Down, enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected in accordance with
Section 2(d)(iii)(a). 

(iv) Marketed Underwritten Shelf Take-Downs. The Shelf Take-Down
Initiating Holders submitting an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down Notice shall indicate in such notice that it delivers to the Corporation pursuant to Section 2(d)(ii) whether it intends for such Underwritten Shelf Take-Down to
be Marketed (a Marketed Underwritten Shelf Take-Down). 

(v)
Non-Marketed Underwritten Shelf Take-Downs. 

(a) Any Shelf Take-Down
Initiating Holder may initiate a Non-Marketed Underwritten Shelf Take-Down (a Restricted Shelf Take-Down) by providing written notice thereof to the Corporation. For the avoidance of
doubt, an Eligible Take-Down Holder that is not a Shelf Take-Down Initiating Holder cannot initiate an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down. 

(e)
Notwithstanding the rights and obligations set forth in this Section 2, in no event shall the Board be obligated to take any action to effect: 

(i) in the aggregate, more than four (4) Marketed Underwritten Shelf Take-Downs at the request of the GEC Initiating
Holders; or 

(ii) in the aggregate, more than two (2) Marketed Underwritten Shelf Take-Downs at the request of the
White Deer Initiating Holders. 

9 

Section 3. Piggyback Registration. 

(a) If at any time or from time to time the Corporation shall determine to register any of its equity securities, either for its own account
or for the account of security holders (other than (1) in a registration relating solely to employee benefit plans, (2) a Registration Statement on Form S-4 or
S-8 (or such other similar successor forms then in effect under the Securities Act), (3) a registration pursuant to which the Corporation is offering to exchange its own securities for other securities,
(4) a Registration Statement relating solely to dividend reinvestment or similar plans, (5) a Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to which only the initial purchasers and subsequent transferees of debt securities of the Corporation or
any Subsidiary that are convertible for Common Stock and that are initially issued pursuant to Rule 144A and/or Regulation S (or any successor provision) of the Securities Act may resell such notes and sell the Common Stock into which such notes may
be converted or (6) a registration pursuant to Section 2 hereof) the Corporation will: 

(i)
promptly (but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of the relevant Registration Statement) give to each of the Holders written notice thereof; and 

(ii) include in such registration (and any related qualification under state securities laws or other compliance), and in any
underwriting involved therein, all the Registrable Securities specified in a written request or requests made within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice from the Corporation by any Holder and their respective Permitted
Transferees except as set forth in Section 3(b) below. 

(b) Underwriting. If the registration of which
the Corporation gives notice is for a registered public offering involving an underwriting (an Underwritten Offering), the Corporation shall so advise the Holders as a part of the written notice given pursuant to
Section 3(a)(i). In such event, the right of any Holder to registration pursuant to this Section 3 shall be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such underwriting and the inclusion
of such Holders Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided herein. All Holders proposing to dispose of their Registrable Securities through such underwriting, together with the Corporation and the other parties
distributing their securities through such underwriting, shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such underwriting by the Corporation. If the managing underwriter or managing
underwriters of an Underwritten Offering advise the Corporation and the Holders that in their reasonable opinion the inclusion of all of the Holders Registrable Securities requested for inclusion in the subject Underwritten Offering (and any
related registration, if applicable) (and any other Registrable Securities proposed to be included in such offering) exceeds the number that can be included without being likely to have a significant adverse effect on the price, timing or
distribution of the securities offered or the market for the securities offered, the Corporation shall include in such Underwritten Offering (and any related registration, if applicable) only that number of Registrable Securities proposed to be
included in such Underwritten Offering (and any related registration, if applicable) that, in the reasonable opinion of the managing underwriter or managing underwriters, will not have such adverse effect, with such number to be allocated as
follows: (A) 

10 

in the case of an Underwritten Shelf Takedown, (1) first pro rata the Initiating Holders that have requested to include Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering based on
the relative number of Registrable Securities then held by each such Holder, (2) second pro rata among all other Holders that have requested to include Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering based on the relative number of
Registrable Securities then held by each such Holder, (3) third, if there remains availability for additional shares of Common Stock to be included in such Underwritten Offering, the Corporation, and (4) fourth, if there remains
availability for additional shares of Class A Common Stock to be included in such Underwritten Offering, any other holders entitled to participate in such Underwritten Offering, if applicable, based on the relative number of shares of
Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, collectively, then held by each such holder, (B) in the case of any Underwritten Offering initiated by the Corporation, (1) first, to the Corporation, (2) second, if there
remains availability for additional Registrable Securities to be included in such Underwritten Offering, pro rata among all Holders desiring to include Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering based on the relative number of
Registrable Securities then held by each such Holder, and (3) third, if there remains availability for additional shares of Class A Common Stock to be included in such registration, pro rata among any other holders entitled to
participate in such Underwritten Offering, if applicable, based on the relative number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, collectively, then held by each such holder and (C) if the offering was not initiated
for and on behalf of the Corporation and was initiated for and on behalf of any holder of registration rights (other than any Holder), (1) first, to such other holder, pro rata based on the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and
Class B Common Stock, collectively, held by such other holder, (2) second, to the Holders, pro rata based on the number of Registrable Securities held by such Holders, (3) third, to the Corporation. For the avoidance of doubt,
the provisions of this Section 3(b) shall apply to any Underwritten Shelf Take-Down requested pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

(c) Right to Terminate Registration. The Corporation shall have the right to terminate or withdraw any registration initiated by it
under this Section 3 prior to the effectiveness of such registration whether or not any Holder has elected to include securities in such registration. 

Section 4. Expenses of Registration. All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with all registrations effected pursuant to
Section 2 or Section 3, shall be borne by the Corporation; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be required to pay stock transfer taxes, underwriters discounts or selling
commissions relating to Registrable Securities. 

Section 5. Obligations of the Corporation. Whenever required under this
Agreement to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities, the Corporation shall, as expeditiously as reasonably possible: 

(a)
prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective, and keep such Registration Statement effective for
(x) the lesser of 180 days or until the Holder or Holders have completed the distribution relating thereto or (y) for such longer period as may be prescribed herein; 

(b) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to such Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection with
such Registration Statement as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such Registration Statement in
accordance with the intended methods of disposition by sellers thereof set forth in such Registration Statement; 

11 

(c) permit any Holder that (in the good faith reasonable judgment of such Holder) might be
deemed to be a controlling person of the Corporation to participate in good faith in the preparation of such Registration Statement and to cooperate in good faith to include therein material, furnished to the Corporation in writing, that in the
reasonable judgment of such Holder and its counsel should be included; 

(d) furnish to the Holders such numbers of copies of the
Registration Statement and the related Prospectus, including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein and a preliminary prospectus, in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, and such other documents as
they may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of Registrable Securities owned by them; 

(e) in the event of any
Underwritten Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing underwriter(s) of such offering and to cause its directors and executive officers (as defined
under Section 16 of the Exchange Act) to agree, to such lock-up arrangements for up to 90 days from the date of the execution of the underwriting agreement with respect to such Underwritten
Offering with the underwriters thereof, to the extent reasonably requested by the managing underwriter, subject to customary exceptions for permitted sales by directors and executive officers during such period. Each Holder participating in such
Underwritten Offering or that, together with its Affiliates owns 10% or more of the outstanding Class A Common Stock or has the right to designate a member to the Board of Directors of the Corporation through any shareholder, voting or other
agreement with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates shall also enter into and perform its obligations under such an agreement and shall execute a customary lock-up agreement with the
underwriters of such Underwritten Offering containing a lock-up period equal to the shorter of (i) the shortest number of days that a director of the Corporation or executive officer (as
defined under Section 16 of the Exchange Act) of the Corporation contractually agrees with the underwriters of such Underwritten Offering not to sell any securities of the Corporation following such Underwritten Offering and (ii) 90 days from
the date of the execution of the underwriting agreement with respect to such Underwritten Offering. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any discretionary waiver or termination of this lock-up provision by the
Corporation or the underwriters with respect to any of the Holders shall apply to the other Holders as well, pro rata based upon the number of shares subject to such obligations; 

(f) notify each Holder of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement as soon as reasonably possible after notice thereof is
received by the Corporation of any written comments by the SEC or any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to such Registration Statement or such prospectus or for additional
information; 

12 

(g) notify each Holder of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement, at
any time when a prospectus relating thereto is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue
statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances then existing; 

(h) upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 5(g) above, promptly prepare a supplement or
post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or a supplement to the related prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, or file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered to
the purchasers of the Registrable Securities being sold thereunder, such prospectus will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the
light of the circumstances then existing; 

(i) notify each Holder of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement as soon
as reasonably practicable after notice thereof is received by the Corporation of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or any order by the SEC or any other regulatory authority
preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary or final prospectus or the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for such purposes, or any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Registrable Securities for
offering or sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; 

(j) use its reasonable best
efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary or final prospectus and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the
withdrawal of any such order as soon as practicable; 

(k) make available for inspection by each Holder including Registrable Securities in
such registration, any underwriter participating in any distribution pursuant to such registration, and any attorney, accountant or other agent retained by such Holder or underwriter, all financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents
and properties of the Corporation, as such parties may reasonably request, and cause the Corporations officers, managers and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such Holder, underwriter, attorney, accountant or
agent in connection with such Registration Statement; 

(l) use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify, and cooperate with the
Holders of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement, the underwriters, if any, and their respective counsel, in connection with the registration or qualification of such Registrable Securities for offer and sale under the
Blue Sky or securities laws of each state and other jurisdiction of the United States as any such Holder or underwriters, if any, or their respective counsel reasonably request in writing, and do any and all other things reasonably
necessary or advisable to keep such registration or qualification in effect for such period as required by Section 2(b) and Section 2(c), as applicable; provided, that the Corporation shall not be
required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified or take any action which would subject it to taxation or service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject; 

13 

(m) obtain for delivery to the Holders of Registrable Securities covered by such
Registration Statement and to the underwriters, if any, an opinion or opinions from counsel for the Corporation, dated the effective date of the Registration Statement or, in the event of an Underwritten Offering, the date of the closing under the
underwriting agreement, in customary form, scope and substance, which opinions shall be reasonably satisfactory to such holders or underwriters, as the case may be, and their respective counsel; 

(n) in the case of an Underwritten offering, obtain for delivery to the Corporation and the underwriters, with copies to the Holders of
Registrable Securities included in such Registration, a comfort letter from the Corporations independent certified public accountants in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by comfort letters as
the managing underwriter or underwriters reasonably request, dated the date of execution of the underwriting agreement and brought down to the closing under the underwriting agreement; 

(o) use its reasonable best efforts to list the Registrable Securities that are covered by such Registration Statement with any national
securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are then listed; 

(p) provide and cause to be maintained a transfer
agent and registrar for all Registrable Securities covered by the applicable Registration Statement from and after a date not later than the effective date of such Registration Statement; 

(q) cooperate with Holders including Registrable Securities in such registration and the managing underwriters, if any, to facilitate the
timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities to be sold, if such Registrable Securities are to be sold in certificated form, such certificates to be in such denominations and registered in such names as such
Holders or the managing underwriters may request at least two (2) Business Days prior to any sale of Registrable Securities; 

(r) use
its reasonable best efforts to comply with all applicable securities laws and make available to its Holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement satisfying the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder; 

(s) in the case of an Underwritten Offering, cause the senior executive officers of the
Corporation to participate in the customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by the underwriters and otherwise to facilitate, cooperate with and participate in each proposed Underwritten Offering contemplated
herein and customary selling efforts related thereto; and 

(t) at any time shares of Class A Common Stock are sold pursuant to an
effective Registration Statement or may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction, the Corporation shall cooperate with the applicable Holder covered by this Agreement to effect the removal of the legends on such Shares as soon as
reasonably practicable after delivery of notice from the Holder of such shares that such conditions for removal have been satisfied. 

14 

Section 6. Indemnification. 

(a) The Corporation will, and does hereby undertake to, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder of Registrable Securities and each of such
Holders officers, managers, trustees, employees, partners, managers, members, equityholders, beneficiaries, affiliates and agents and each Person, if any, who controls such Holder, within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, with respect to any registration, qualification, compliance or sale effected pursuant to this Agreement, and each underwriter, if any, and each Person who controls any underwriter, of the Registrable
Securities held by or issuable to such Holder, against all claims, losses, damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereto) to which they may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other federal or state law arising out
of or based on (i) in the case of any Registration Statement, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in (which includes documents incorporated by reference in) such Registration Statement or any other
registration statement contemplated by this Agreement, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or
(ii) in the case of any preliminary prospectus, prospectus supplement or final prospectus contained in any such Registration Statement, (A) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact included in (which includes
documents incorporated by reference) such preliminary prospectus, prospectus supplement or final prospectus, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, (B) any violation or alleged violation by the Corporation of any federal, state or common law rule or regulation applicable to the Corporation in
connection with any such registration, qualification, compliance or sale, or (C) any failure to register or qualify Registrable Securities in any state where the Corporation or its agents have affirmatively undertaken or agreed in writing
(including pursuant to Section 5(l)) that the Corporation (the undertaking of any underwriter being attributed to the Corporation) will undertake such registration or qualification on behalf of the Holders of such
Registrable Securities (provided, that in such instance the Corporation shall not be so liable if it has undertaken its reasonable best efforts to so register or qualify such Registrable Securities) and will reimburse, as incurred, each such Holder,
each such underwriter and each such manager, officer, trustee, employee, partner, manager, member, equityholder, beneficiary, affiliate, agent and controlling person, for any legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with
investigating or defending any such claim, loss, damage, liability or action; provided, that the Corporation will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such claim, loss, damage, liability or expense arises out of or is based on any
untrue statement or omission made in reliance and in conformity with written information furnished to the Corporation by such Holder or underwriter expressly for use therein. 

(b) Each Holder (if Registrable Securities held by or issuable to such Holder are included in such registration, qualification, compliance or
sale pursuant to this Agreement) does hereby undertake to indemnify and hold harmless, severally and not jointly, the Corporation, each of its officers, managers, employees, equityholders, affiliates and agents and each Person, if any, who controls
the Corporation within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, each underwriter, if any, and each Person who controls any underwriter, of the Corporations securities covered by such a
Registration Statement, and each other Holder, each of such other Holders officers, managers, employees, partners, equityholders, affiliates and agents and each Person, if any, who controls such Holder within the meaning of either
Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against all claims, losses, 

15 

damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arising out of or based (i) in the case of any Registration Statement, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any
material fact contained in (which includes documents incorporated by reference in) such Registration Statement or any other registration statement contemplated by this Agreement, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to
state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (ii) in the case of any preliminary prospectus, prospectus supplement or final prospectus contained in any such
Registration Statement, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact included in (which includes documents incorporated by reference) such preliminary prospectus, prospectus supplement or final prospectus, or arise out of or
are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and will reimburse, as incurred, the
Corporation, each such underwriter, each such other Holder, and each such officer, manager, trustee, employee, partner, equityholder, beneficiary, affiliate, agent and controlling person of the foregoing, for any legal or any other expenses
reasonably incurred in connection with investigating or defending any such claim, loss, damage, liability or action, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) or omission (or alleged
omission) was made in such Registration Statement, prospectus, offering circular, Free Writing Prospectus or other document, in reliance upon and in conformity with written information that (i) relates to such Holder in its capacity as a
selling security holder and (ii) was furnished to the Corporation by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the aggregate liability of each Holder hereunder shall be limited to the gross proceeds after underwriting
discounts and commissions received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such indemnification obligation. It is understood and agreed that the indemnification obligations of each Holder pursuant to any
underwriting agreement entered into in connection with any Registration Statement shall be limited to the obligations contained in this Section 6(b). 

Each party entitled to indemnification under this Section 6 (the Indemnified Party) shall
give notice to the party required to provide such indemnification (the Indemnifying Party) of any claim as to which indemnification may be sought promptly after such Indemnified Party has actual knowledge thereof, and shall
permit the Indemnifying Party to assume the defense of any such claim or any litigation resulting therefrom; provided, that counsel for the Indemnifying Party, who shall conduct the defense of such claim or litigation, shall be subject to approval
by the Indemnified Party (whose approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), and the Indemnified Party may retain its own counsel at the Indemnifying Partys expense if (i) representation of such Indemnified Party would be inappropriate
due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding and (ii) if the Indemnified Party shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses
available to it that are different from or in addition to those available to the Indemnifying Party; and provided, further, that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give notice as provided herein shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its
obligations under this Section 6, except to the extent that such failure to give notice materially prejudices the Indemnifying Party in the defense of any such claim or any such litigation. An Indemnifying Party, in the
defense of any such claim or litigation, may, without the consent of each Indemnified Party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement that (i) includes as a term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff therein to
such Indemnified Party of an unconditional release from all liability with respect to such claim or litigation and (ii) does not include any recovery (including any statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or
on behalf of such Indemnified Party) other than monetary damages, and provided that any sums payable in connection with such settlement are paid in full by the Indemnifying Party. 

16 

(c) In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in case indemnification is
prohibited or limited by law, the Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact or
omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, has been made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and such Persons relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to
correct or prevent such actions; provided, however, that, in any case, (i) no Holder will be required to contribute any amount in excess of the gross proceeds after underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Holder upon the sale of
the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation and (ii) no Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any Person
who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 

(d) The indemnities provided in this Section 6 shall
survive the Transfer of any Registrable Securities by such Holder. 

Section 7. Information by Holder. The Holder or Holders of
Registrable Securities included in any registration shall furnish to the Corporation such information regarding such Holder or Holders and the distribution proposed by such Holder or Holders as the Corporation may reasonably request in writing and
as shall be required in connection with any registration, qualification or compliance referred to in this Agreement. 

Section 8.
Transfer of Registration Rights. No Holder may assign or otherwise convey the rights contained in Section 2 and Section 3 hereof to cause the Corporation to register the Registrable
Securities and comply with its other obligations hereunder without the consent of the Corporation, except in connection with a transfer of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee (subject to
Section 13). 

Section 9. Limitations on Subsequent Registration Rights. From and after the date of
this Agreement, the Corporation shall not, without the prior written consent of the Holders holding more than a majority of the Registrable Securities, enter into any agreement with any holder or prospective holder of any securities of the
Corporation that would allow such holder or prospective holder any registration rights the terms of which are more favorable taken as a whole than the registration rights granted to the Holders hereunder. 

17 

Section 10. Rule 144 Reporting. With a view to making available to the Holders
the benefits of certain rules and regulations of the SEC that may permit the sale of the Registrable Securities to the public without registration, the Corporation, following the IPO, agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to: 

(a) make and keep current public information available, within the meaning of Rule 144, at all times after it has become subject to the
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act; 

(b) file with the SEC, in a timely manner, all reports and other documents required of the
Corporation under the Securities Act and Exchange Act (after it has become subject to such reporting requirements); and 

(c) so long as a
Holder owns any Registrable Securities, furnish to such Holder forthwith upon request: (i) a written statement by the Corporation as to its compliance with the reporting requirements of Rule 144 (at any time commencing 90 days after the
effective date of the first registration filed by the Corporation for an offering of its securities to the general public), the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (at any time after it has become subject to such reporting requirements); (ii) a copy
of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Corporation; and (iii) such other reports and documents as a Holder may reasonably request in availing itself of any rule or regulation of the SEC allowing it to sell any such securities
without registration. 

Section 11. Termination of Registration Rights. The rights of any particular Holder to cause the
Corporation to register securities under Section 2 or Section 3 hereof shall terminate as to any Holder on the date that such Holder no longer beneficially owns any Registrable Securities. 

Section 12. Additional Parties; Joinder. Subject to the prior written consent of each Holder, the Corporation may make any Person
who acquires Class A Common Stock or rights to acquire Class A Common Stock from the Corporation after the date hereof (including without limitation any Person who acquires Common Units) a party to this Agreement (each such Person, an
Additional Holder) and to succeed to all of the rights and obligations of a Holder under this Agreement by obtaining an executed joinder to this Agreement from such Additional Holder in the form of Exhibit A attached
hereto (a Joinder). Upon the execution and delivery of a Joinder by such Additional Holder, the Class A Common Stock of the Corporation acquired by such Additional Holder or issuable upon redemption or exchange of
Common Units acquired by such Additional Holder (the Acquired Common) shall be Registrable Securities to the extent provided herein, such Additional Holder shall be a Holder under this Agreement with respect to the Acquired
Common, and the Corporation shall add such Additional Holders name and address to the Schedule of Holders and circulate such information to the parties to this Agreement. 

Section 13. Transfer of Registrable Securities. No assignment or transfer of any Holders rights, duties and obligations
hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Corporation, and no Transferee shall be deemed a Holder hereunder, unless and until the Corporation shall have received a Joinder, duly executed by such Transferee, agreeing to be bound by the terms of
this Agreement. Any transfer or attempted transfer of any Holders rights, duties and obligations hereunder in violation of any provision of this Agreement shall be void, and the Corporation, in its sole discretion, may refuse to acknowledge or
sign any Joinder entered into in violation of any provision of this Agreement. 

18 

Section 14. MNPI Provisions. 

(a) Each Holder acknowledges that the provisions of this Agreement that require communications by the Corporation or other Holders to such
Holder may result in such Holder and its Representatives (as defined below) acquiring MNPI (which may include, solely by way of illustration, the fact that an offering of the Corporations securities is pending or the number of Corporation
securities to be offered by, or the identity of, the selling Holders). 

(b) Each Holder agrees that it will maintain the confidentiality
of such MNPI and, to the extent such Holder is not a natural person, such confidential treatment shall be in accordance with procedures adopted by it in good faith to protect confidential information of third parties delivered to such Holder
(Policies); provided that a holder may deliver or disclose MNPI to (i) its directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, members, affiliates and financial and other advisors (collectively, the
Representatives), but solely to the extent such disclosure reasonably relates to its evaluation of exercise of its rights under this Agreement and the sale of any Registrable Securities in connection with the subject of the
notice, (ii) any federal or state regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Holder, (iii) any Person if necessary to effect compliance with any law, rule, regulation or order applicable to such Holder, (iv) in response to any
subpoena or other legal process, or (v) in connection with any litigation to which such Holder is a party; provided further, that in the case of clause (i), the recipients of such MNPI are subject to the Policies or agree to hold
confidential the MNPI in a manner substantially consistent with the terms of this Section 14 and that in the case of clauses (ii) through (v), such disclosure is required by law and such Holder shall promptly notify
the Corporation of such disclosure to the extent such Holder is legally permitted to give such notice. 

(c) Each Holder shall have the
right, at any time and from time to time (including after receiving information regarding any potential Public Offering), to elect to not receive any notice that the Corporation or any other Holders otherwise are required to deliver pursuant to this
Agreement by delivering to the Corporation a written statement signed by such Holder that it does not want to receive any notices hereunder (an Opt-Out Request); in which case and
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement the Corporation and other Holders shall not be required to, and shall not, deliver any notice or other information required to be provided to Holders hereunder to the extent that the
Corporation or such other Holders reasonably expect would result in a Holder acquiring MNPI. An Opt-Out Request may state a date on which it expires or, if no such date is specified, shall remain in effect
indefinitely. A Holder who previously has given the Corporation an Opt-Out Request may revoke such request at any time, and there shall be no limit on the ability of a Holder to issue and revoke subsequent Opt-Out Requests; provided that each Holder shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize the administrative burden on the Corporation arising in connection with any such Opt-Out Requests. 

Section 15. General Provisions. 

(a) Amendments and Waivers. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Agreement may be amended, modified, terminated
or waived only with the prior written consent of the Corporation and each of the GEC Holders and the White Deer Holders; provided that no such amendment, modification, termination or waiver that would materially and adversely affect a Holder
in a manner materially different than any other Holder (provided that the accession 

19 

by Additional Holders to this Agreement pursuant to Section 12 shall not be deemed to adversely affect any Holder), shall be effective against such Holder without the
consent of such Holder that is materially and adversely affected thereby. The failure or delay of any Person to enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall in no way be construed as a waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the
right of such Person thereafter to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement in accordance with its terms. A waiver or consent to or of any breach or default by any Person in the performance by that Person of his, her or its obligations
under this Agreement shall not be deemed to be a consent or waiver to or of any other breach or default in the performance by that Person of the same or any other obligations of that Person under this Agreement. 

(b) Remedies. The parties to this Agreement shall be entitled to enforce their rights under this Agreement specifically (without
posting a bond or other security), to recover damages caused by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to exercise all other rights existing in their favor. The parties hereto agree and acknowledge that a breach of this
Agreement would cause irreparable harm and money damages would not be an adequate remedy for any such breach and that, in addition to any other rights and remedies existing hereunder, any party shall be entitled to specific performance and/or other
injunctive relief from any court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction (without posting any bond or other security) in order to enforce or prevent violation of the provisions of this Agreement. 

(c) Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited, invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or regulation in any jurisdiction, such prohibition, invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement in such jurisdiction or in any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction
as if such prohibited, invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 

(d) Entire Agreement. Except
as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement contains the complete agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and preempts any prior understandings, agreements or representations by
or among the parties hereto, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way. 

(e) Successors and
Assigns. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit and be enforceable by the Corporation and its successors and assigns and the Holders and their respective successors and assigns (whether so expressed or not). In addition, whether or
not any express assignment has been made, the provisions of this Agreement which are for the benefit of Holders are also for the benefit of, and enforceable by, any subsequent or successor Holder. 

(f) Notices. Any notice, demand or other communication to be given under or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been given (i) when delivered personally to the recipient, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail if sent during normal business hours of the recipient but, if not, then on the next Business Day,
(iii) one (1) Business Day after it is sent to the recipient by reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid) or (iv) three (3) Business Days after it is mailed to the recipient by first class mail, return

20 

receipt requested. Such notices, demands and other communications shall be sent to the Corporation at the address specified below and to any party subject to this Agreement at such address as
indicated on the Schedule of Holders, or at such address or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by prior written notice to the sending party. Any party may change such partys address for receipt of notice
by providing prior written notice of the change to the sending party as provided herein. The Corporations address is: 

Flowco
Holdings Inc. 

1300 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 450 

Houston, Texas 77056 

Attn: Joel
Lambert, General Counsel 

Email: joel.lambert@flowco-inc.com

With a copy to: 

Sidley Austin
LLP 

1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 5900 

Houston, Texas 77002 

Attn: David
C. Buck and John W. Stribling 

Email: dbuck@sidley.com; john.stribling@sidley.com 

or to such other address or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by prior written notice to the sending party. 

(g) Business Days. If any time period for giving notice or taking action hereunder expires on a day that is not a Business Day, the
time period shall automatically be extended to the immediately following Business Day. 

(h) Governing Law. The corporate law of the
State of Delaware shall govern all issues and questions concerning the relative rights of the Corporation and its stockholders. All other issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement
and the exhibits and schedules hereto shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of New York or
any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. 

(i) MUTUAL
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. AS A SPECIFICALLY BARGAINED FOR INDUCEMENT FOR EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT (AFTER HAVING THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL), EACH PARTY HERETO EXPRESSLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN
ANY LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO OR ARISING IN ANY WAY FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR THE MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

(j) CONSENT TO
JURISDICTION AND SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA LOCATED IN THE CITY AND COUNTY OF NEW
YORK BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE PURPOSES OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY 

21 

RELATED AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO FURTHER AGREES THAT SERVICE OF ANY PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICE OR DOCUMENT BY U.S. REGISTERED MAIL TO
SUCH PARTYS RESPECTIVE ADDRESS SET FORTH ABOVE SHALL BE EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS FOR ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTERS TO WHICH IT HAS SUBMITTED TO JURISDICTION IN THIS PARAGRAPH. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY RELATED DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE, AND HEREBY AND THEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN
INCONVENIENT FORUM. 

(k) No Recourse. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Corporation and each Holder
agrees and acknowledges that no recourse under this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement, shall be had against any current or future director, officer, employee, general or limited partner or member
of any Holder or of any Affiliate or assignee thereof, whether by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, or by virtue of any statute, regulation or other applicable law, it being expressly agreed and acknowledged
that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any current or future officer, agent or employee of any Holder or any current or future member of any Holder or any current or future director, officer,
employee, partner or member of any Holder or of any Affiliate or assignee thereof, as such for any obligation of any Holder under this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement for any claim based on, in
respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. 

(l) Descriptive Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings
of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Agreement. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation. 

(m) No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties hereto to
express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any party. 

(n) Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, any one of which need not contain the signature of more than one party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

(o) Electronic Delivery. This Agreement, the agreements referred to herein, and each other agreement or instrument entered into in
connection herewith or therewith or contemplated hereby or thereby, and any amendments hereto or thereto, to the extent executed and delivered by means of a photographic, photostatic, facsimile or similar reproduction of such signed writing using a
facsimile machine or electronic mail shall be treated in all manner and respects as an 

22 

original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any party
hereto or to any such agreement or instrument, each other party hereto or thereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to all other parties. No party hereto or to any such agreement or
instrument shall raise the use of a facsimile machine or electronic mail to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of a facsimile machine or electronic mail as a
defense to the formation or enforceability of a contract and each such party forever waives any such defense. 

(p) Further
Assurances. In connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, each Holder shall execute and deliver any additional documents and instruments and perform any additional acts that may be necessary or appropriate to
effectuate and perform the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(Signature Pages Follow) 

23 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the
date first written above. 

FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC.

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement] 

Flogistix Holders as listed in Schedule of Holders

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Attorney in Fact

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement] 

GEC Estis Holders as listed in Schedule of Holders

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Attorney in Fact

GEC FPS Holders as listed in Schedule of Holders

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Attorney in Fact

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement] 

WD THUNDER CV IND LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WD THUNDER CV LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WD THUNDER CV PARALLEL LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement] 

WDE FLOGISTIX AGGREGATE LLC

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its Manager

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General
Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement] 

SCHEDULE OF HOLDERS 

GEC FPS
Holders

Holder Name 

Address

GEC Partners III LP 

GEC Partners III GI LP 

Max Lift, LLC 

UT GEC Flowco CI LLC 

Forge4 Trust 

Charles Jones 

MSH Trust 

LEH Trust 

Private Advisors Real Assets Fund II, LP 

Reed Collins 

Buddy Davis 

Daniel Isbell 

Terry Tremel 

Cant Touch This, LLC (M. Harlow) 

Hersheys Pot of Gold, LLC (L. May) 

Sean Ratzlaff 

Matt Young 

Charlie Stevens 

Clint Bell 

Tommy Hunt 

David Dahlgren 

Grant Marcoux 

Garrett Boyd 

Joe Irvin 

Darrel Boyd 

Garrett Winford 

John Lee 

Susan Horton 

JD Spencer 

Brandon Dobbs 

Dean Lehner 

Brian McCole 

Flogistix
Holders

WDE Flogistix Aggregate LLC 

Brooks Mims Talton, III 

James A. Merrill 

Drake Andarakes 

Aaron Baker 

Jason Fortner 

Charles Crenshaw 

Kevin Pollard 

Denis Mark Baker 

Jonathan David Waggoner 

Larry W. Brickman 

Shawn Radcliff 

GEC Estis
Holders

GEC Estis Co-invest II LLC 

GEC Partners III-B LP 

GEC Partners III-B GI LP 

Genesis Park II, LP 

John Gatlin 

Chad Roberts 

Christopher D. Courtney 

Will Nelle 

Steve Schwin 

Ryan Reynolds 

Michael Carnes 

Matt Langford 

Joni Rice 

Kelby Danes 

William G. Elmer and Cynthia P. Elmer 

Eric McClure 

EXHIBIT A 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT JOINDER 

The undersigned is executing and delivering this Joinder pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement dated as of [], 2025 (as the same may hereafter
be amended, the Registration Rights Agreement), among Flowco Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), and the other person named as parties therein. 

By executing and delivering this Joinder to the Corporation, and upon acceptance hereof by the Corporation upon the execution of a counterpart hereof, the
undersigned hereby agrees to become a party to, to be bound by, and to comply with the provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder of Registrable Securities in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the
Registration Rights Agreement, and the undersigneds shares of Class A Common Stock shall be included as Registrable Securities under the Registration Rights Agreement to the extent provided therein. The Corporation is directed to add the
address below the undersigneds signature on this Joinder to the Schedule of Holders attached to the Registration Rights Agreement. 

Accordingly, the
undersigned has executed and delivered this Joinder as of the day of 20. 

Signature of Stockholder

Print Name of Stockholder

Its:

Address:

Agreed and Accepted as of , 20

Flowco Holdings Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Its:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>d857846dex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 

FLOWCO MERGECO LLC 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 

Dated as of January 17, 2025 

THE LIMITED
LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS REPRESENTED BY THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR UNDER ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS MAY NOT BE SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF AT ANY TIME WITHOUT EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT AND LAWS OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM, AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE OTHER SUBSTANTIAL RESTRICTIONS ON
TRANSFERABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN. 

THE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS REPRESENTED BY THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
AGREEMENT ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND REPURCHASE OPTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 2 

ARTICLE II ORGANIZATIONAL MATTERS 16 

Section 2.01 Formation of Company 16 

Section 2.02 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement 16 

Section 2.03 Name 16 

Section 2.04 Purpose; Powers 16 

Section 2.05 Principal Office; Registered Office 16 

Section 2.06 Term 16 

Section 2.07 No State-Law Partnership 17 

ARTICLE III MEMBERS; UNITS; CAPITALIZATION 17 

Section 3.01 Members 17 

Section 3.02 Units 18 

Section 3.03 Recapitalization; the Corporations Capital Contribution; the Corporations Purchase of Common Units; the IPO Unit Redemption 18 

Section 3.04 Authorization and Issuance of Additional Units 19 

Section 3.05 Repurchase or Redemption of Shares of Class A Common Stock 21 

Section 3.06 Certificates Representing Units; Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates; Registration and Transfer of Units 22 

Section 3.07 Negative Capital Accounts 22 

Section 3.08 No Withdrawal 22 

Section 3.09 Loans From Members 22 

Section 3.10 Corporate Stock Option Plans and Equity Plans 23 

Section 3.11 Dividend Reinvestment Plan, Cash Option Purchase Plan, Stock Incentive Plan or Other Plan 25 

ARTICLE IV DISTRIBUTIONS 25 

Section 4.01 Distributions 25 

ARTICLE V CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS; TAX MATTERS 26 

Section 5.01 Capital Accounts 26 

Section 5.02 Allocations 27 

Section 5.03 Regulatory Allocations 27 

Section 5.04 Final Allocations 29 

Section 5.05 Tax Allocations 29 

Section 5.06 Indemnification and Reimbursement for Payments on Behalf of a Member 30 

ARTICLE VI MANAGEMENT 31 

Section 6.01 Authority of Manager; Officer Delegation 31 

Section 6.02 Actions of the Manager 32 

Section 6.03 Resignation No Removal 32 

i 

Section 6.04 Vacancies 32 

Section 6.05 Transactions Between the Company and the Manager 32 

Section 6.06 Reimbursement for Expenses 33 

Section 6.07 Delegation of Authority 33 

Section 6.08 Limitation of Liability of Manager 34 

Section 6.09 Investment Company Act 35 

ARTICLE VII RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF MEMBERS AND MANAGER 35 

Section 7.01 Limitation of Liability and Duties of Members 35 

Section 7.02 Lack of Authority 36 

Section 7.03 No Right of Partition 36 

Section 7.04 Indemnification 36 

Section 7.05 Inspection Rights 37 

ARTICLE VIII BOOKS, RECORDS, ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS, AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 38 

Section 8.01 Records and Accounting 38 

Section 8.02 Fiscal Year 38 

ARTICLE IX TAX MATTERS 38 

Section 9.01 Preparation of Tax Returns 38 

Section 9.02 Tax Elections 38 

Section 9.03 Texas Margin Tax Sharing Arrangement 39 

Section 9.04 Tax Controversies 39 

ARTICLE X RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF UNITS; CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS 40 

Section 10.01 Transfers by Members 40 

Section 10.02 Permitted Transfers 40 

Section 10.03 Restricted Units Legend 41 

Section 10.04 Transfer 41 

Section 10.05 Assignees Rights 41 

Section 10.06 Assignors Rights and Obligations 42 

Section 10.07 Overriding Provisions 42 

Section 10.08 Spousal Consent 44 

Section 10.09 Certain Transactions with respect to the Corporation 44 

ARTICLE XI REDEMPTION AND DIRECT EXCHANGE RIGHTS 46 

Section 11.01 Redemption Right of a Member 46 

Section 11.02 Election and Contribution of the Corporation 50 

Section 11.03 Direct Exchange Right of the Corporation 50 

Section 11.04 Reservation of shares of Class A Common Stock; Listing; Certificate of the Corporation 51 

Section 11.05 Effect of Exercise of Redemption or Direct Exchange 52 

Section 11.06 Tax Treatment 52 

ARTICLE XII ADMISSION OF MEMBERS 54 

Section 12.01 Substituted Members 54 

Section 12.02 Additional Members 54 

ii 

ARTICLE XIII WITHDRAWAL AND RESIGNATION; TERMINATION OF RIGHTS 55 

Section 13.01 Withdrawal and Resignation of Members 55 

ARTICLE XIV DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION 55 

Section 14.01 Dissolution 55 

Section 14.02 Winding up 55 

Section 14.03 Deferment Distribution in Kind 56 

Section 14.04 Cancellation of Certificate 57 

Section 14.05 Reasonable Time for Winding Up 57 

Section 14.06 Return of Capital 57 

ARTICLE XV GENERAL PROVISIONS 57 

Section 15.01 Power of Attorney 57 

Section 15.02 Confidentiality 58 

Section 15.03 Amendments 59 

Section 15.04 Title to Company Assets 60 

Section 15.05 Addresses and Notices 60 

Section 15.06 Binding Effect; Intended Beneficiaries 61 

Section 15.07 Creditors 61 

Section 15.08 Waiver 61 

Section 15.09 Counterparts 61 

Section 15.10 Applicable Law 61 

Section 15.11 Severability 61 

Section 15.12 Further Action 62 

Section 15.13 Execution and Delivery Electronic Signature and Electronic Transmission 62 

Section 15.14 Right of Offset 62 

Section 15.15 Entire Agreement 62 

Section 15.16 Remedies 62 

Section 15.17 Descriptive Headings; Interpretation 63 

Schedules 

Schedule 1 Schedule of Pre-IPO Members

Schedule 2 Schedule of Members

Exhibits 

Exhibit A Form of Joinder Agreement

Exhibit B-1 Form of Agreement and Consent of Spouse

Exhibit B-2 Form of Spouses Confirmation of Separate Property

iii 

FLOWCO MERGECO LLC 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 

This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, this Agreement)of Flowco MergeCo LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company),dated as of January 17, 2025 (the
Effective Date),is entered into by and among the Company, Flowco Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation),as the managing member of the
Company, and each of the other Members (as defined herein). Unless the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used herein have the respective meaning ascribed to them in Article I. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the
Company was formed as a limited liability company with the name Flowco MergeCo LLC, pursuant to and in accordance with the Delaware Act by the filing of the Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to Section 18-201 of the Delaware Act on June 3, 2024; 

WHEREAS, prior to the IPO (as defined
below), the Company was governed by that certain Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company, dated as of June 20, 2024 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, together with all schedules, exhibits and annexes thereto, the Initial LLC Agreement),which the parties listed on Schedule 1 hereto executed in their capacity as members (including
pursuant to consents and joinders thereto) (collectively, the Initial Members);

WHEREAS, in connection
with the IPO, the Initial Members have effected liquidating distributions of their Original Units (as defined herein) to their members (such assignments, the IPO Liquidating Distributions), and, in accordance with the
Initial LLC Agreement, the Company immediately exercised its rights to repurchase and redeem all Original Units purported to be assigned to either (i) any Persons who are non-accredited investors and
(ii) any Persons who would own Original Units with a value of less than $500,000 based on the IPO initial price to public, less underwriting discounts in connection with the IPO (the IPO Unit Redemption, and such
redeemed Original Units, the IPO Redemption Units)), with such redemption payments to be funded from the IPO Net Proceeds contributed by the Corporation to the Company (as described below) and the remaining assignees were
admitted as Members of the Company, with the effect that such Members (collectively, the Pre-IPO Members) and their respective Original Units were as listed on Schedule 1;

WHEREAS, in connection with the IPO, the Company, the Corporation and the Pre-IPO Members desire to
(i) convert all of the Original Units (as defined below) into Common Units (as defined below) (collectively, the Recapitalization)as provided herein, and (ii) pursuant to the Master Reorganization
Agreement, issue to the Corporation the non-economic Manager interest the Company. 

WHEREAS, in connection with the IPO, pursuant to the Master Reorganization Agreement, the
parties thereto have agreed to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Master Reorganization Agreement and to take the other actions contemplated in the Master Reorganization Agreement, including the mergers pursuant to the Merger Agreement
(as defined in the Master Reorganization Agreement). 

WHEREAS, the Corporation will sell shares of its Class A Common Stock to public
investors in the IPO and will use the net proceeds received from the IPO (the IPO Net Proceeds)to purchase newly issued Common Units from the Company pursuant to the Master Reorganization Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Corporation may issue additional shares of Class A Common Stock in connection with the IPO as a result of the exercise by
the underwriters of their over-allotment option (the Over-Allotment Option)and, if the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in whole or in part, any additional net proceeds (the Over-Allotment
Option Net Proceeds)shall be used by the Corporation to purchase additional newly issued Common Units from the Company pursuant to the Master Reorganization Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, in connection with the foregoing matters, the Company and the Members desire to continue the Company without dissolution and amend
and restate the Initial LLC Agreement in its entirety as of the Effective Date to reflect, among other things, (a) the IPO Liquidating Distributions, (b) the Recapitalization, (c) the addition of the Corporation as a Member and its
designation as sole Manager of the Company and (d) the other rights and obligations of the Members, the Company, the Manager and the Corporation, in each case, as provided and agreed upon in the terms of this Agreement as of the Effective Date,
at which time the Initial LLC Agreement shall be superseded entirely by this Agreement and shall be of no further force or effect. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Initial LLC Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety
and the Company, the Corporation and the other Members, each intending to be legally bound, each hereby agrees as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

The following
definitions shall be applied to the terms used in this Agreement for all purposes, unless otherwise clearly indicated to the contrary. 

Additional Memberhas the meaning set forth in Section 12.02. 

Adjusted Capital Account Deficitmeans, with respect to the Capital Account of any Member as of the
end of any Taxable Year, the amount by which the balance in such Capital Account is less than zero. For this purpose, such Members Capital Account balance shall be: 

(a) reduced for any items described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4),
(5), and (6); and 

2 

(b) increased for any amount such Member is obligated to contribute or is treated as being
obligated to contribute to the Company pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c) (relating to partner liabilities to a partnership) or
1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i) (relating to minimum gain). 

Admission Datehas the meaning set forth in Section 10.06. 

Affiliate (and, with a correlative meaning, Affiliated) means, with respect to a specified
Person, each other Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, the Person specified. 

Agreementhas the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Allocable Margin Tax Liability has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03. 

Applicable Share has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03. 

Assignee means a Person to whom a Unit has been transferred but who has not become a Member pursuant to Article
XII. 

Assumed Tax Liability means, with respect to any Member, an amount equal to the product of
(i) the Assumed Tax Rate multipliedby (ii) the estimated or actual cumulative taxable income or gain of the Company, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, allocated to such Member for full or partial Fiscal
Years commencing on or after the Effective Date, less the estimated or actual cumulative taxable losses of the Company, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, allocated to such Member for full or partial Fiscal Years commencing on or
after the Effective Date, to the extent any such prior losses are available to reduce such income and have not been previously taken into account in the calculation of Assumed Tax Liability for any prior period commencing on or after the Effective
Date, in each case, as reasonably determined by the Manager; provided that, in the case of each Member, and for the avoidance of doubt, such Assumed Tax Liability shall take into account any Code Section 704(c) allocations (including
reverse 704(c) allocations) to the Member. 

Assumed Tax Rate means, for any Member for any Fiscal
Year, the highest marginal rate of U.S. federal, state and local income tax applicable to an individual, or, if higher, a corporation, resident in New York, New York, including any tax rate imposed under Section 1411 of the Code, determined by
applying the rates applicable to ordinary income (in cases where taxes are being determined on ordinary income allocated to a Member) and capital gains (in cases where taxes are being determined on capital gains allocated to a Member). 

Bankruptcy means, with respect to any Person, the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) the filing of
an application by such Person for, or a consent to, the appointment of a trustee or custodian of such Persons assets; (b) the filing by such Person of a voluntary petition in Bankruptcy or the seeking of relief under Title 11 of the
United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or the filing of a pleading in any court of record admitting in writing such Persons inability to pay its debts as they become due; (c) the failure of such Person to pay its
debts as such debts become due; (d) the making by such Person of a general 

3 

assignment for the benefit of creditors; (e) the filing by such Person of an answer admitting the material allegations of, or such Persons consenting to, or defaulting in answering, a
Bankruptcy petition filed against him in any Bankruptcy proceeding or petition seeking relief under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now constituted or as hereafter amended; or (f) the entry of an order, judgment or decree by any court of
competent jurisdiction adjudicating such Person a bankrupt or insolvent or for relief in respect of such Person or appointing a trustee or custodian of such Persons assets and the continuance of such order, judgment or decree unstayed and in
effect for a period of 60 consecutive calendar days. 

Base Rate means, on any date, a variable rate per annum
equal to the rate of interest most recently published by The Wall Street Journal as the prime rate at large U.S. money center banks. 

Book Value means, with respect to any property of the Company, the Companys adjusted basis for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, adjusted from time to time to reflect the adjustments required or permitted by Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(d)-(g). 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or day on which banks located in New York City, New York or
Houston, Texas are authorized or required by Law to close. 

Capital Account means the capital account maintained
for a Member in accordance with Section 5.01. 

Capital Contribution means, with
respect to any Member, the amount of any cash, cash equivalents, promissory obligations or the Fair Market Value of other property that such Member (or such Members predecessor) contributes (or is deemed to contribute) to the Company pursuant
to Article III hereof. 

Cash Settlement means immediately available funds in U.S. dollars in an
amount equal to the Redeemed Units Equivalent. 

Certificate means the Companys Certificate of Formation as
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, as amended or amended and restated from time to time. 

Change of
Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(1) any person or group
(within the meaning of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person and its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator
of any such plan, and excluding the Permitted Transferees) becomes the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act),
directly or indirectly, of shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, preferred stock and/or any other class or classes of capital stock of the Corporation (if any) representing in the aggregate more than fifty percent (50%) of
the voting power of all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote; 

4 

(2) there is consummated a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with
any other corporation or entity, and, immediately after the consummation of such merger or consolidation, the voting securities of the Corporation immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not continue to represent, or are not converted
into, more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Person resulting from such merger or consolidation or, if the surviving company is a Subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof; 

(3) the stockholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation or there is
consummated an agreement or series of related agreements for the sale or other disposition, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporations assets (including a sale of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company); or 

(4) the Corporation ceases to be the sole Manager of the Company. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any
transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the beneficial holders of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, preferred stock and/or any other class or classes of capital stock of the Corporation
immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in and voting control over, and own substantially all of the shares of, an entity which owns all or substantially all of
the assets of the Corporation immediately following such transaction or series of transactions. 

Change of Control
Datehas the meaning set forth in Section 10.09(a). 

Change of Control
Transaction means any Change of Control that was approved by the Corporate Board prior to such Change of Control. 

Class A Common Stock means the shares of Class A common stock, par value
$0.0001 per share, of the Corporation. 

Class B Common Stock means the shares
of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation. 

Code means the United States
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Unless the context requires otherwise, any reference herein to a specific section of the Code shall be deemed to include any corresponding provisions of future Law as in effect for the relevant taxable
period. 

Common Unit means a Unit designated as a Common Unit and having the rights and obligations
specified with respect to the Common Units in this Agreement. 

Common Unit Redemption Price means, (i) with
respect to any Redemption that occurs in connection with the closing of the IPO or with proceeds from any Secondary Offering, the Common Unit Redemption Price shall be equal to the price per share for which shares of Class A Common Stock are
sold to the public in the IPO or applicable Secondary Offering, as applicable, after taking into account the Discount (as defined below); and (ii) with respect to any 

5 

Redemption that occurs upon an exercise of the Company Redemption Right, the arithmetic average of the volume weighted average prices for a share of Class A Common Stock (or any class of
stock into which it has been converted) on the Stock Exchange, on the Trading Day immediately prior to the applicable Redemption Date, subject to appropriate and equitable adjustment for any stock splits, reverse splits, stock dividends or similar
events affecting the Class A Common Stock. If the Class A Common Stock no longer trades on the Stock Exchange or any other securities exchange or automated or electronic quotation system as of any particular Redemption Date, then the
Manager (through at least two (2) of its independent directors (within the meaning of the rules of the Stock Exchange), who are disinterested) shall determine the Common Unit Redemption Price in good faith. 

Common Unitholder means a Member who is the registered holder of Common Units. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Company Redemption Right has the meaning set forth in Section 11.07(c). 

Confidential Information has the meaning set forth in Section 15.02(a). 

Control means possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of management or
policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Corporate Board
means the board of directors of the Corporation. 

Corporate Incentive Award Plan means the Incentive Award Plan
of the Corporation, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Corporation has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement, together with its successors and assigns.

Corresponding Rights means any rights issued with respect to a share of Class A Common Stock or
Class B Common Stock pursuant to a poison pill or similar stockholder rights plan approved by the Corporate Board. 

Credit Agreements means any promissory note, mortgage, loan agreement, indenture or similar instrument or agreement
to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or becomes a borrower, as such instruments or agreements may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and including any one or more refinancing or replacements
thereof, in whole or in part, with any other debt facility or debt obligation, for as long as the payee or creditor to whom the Company or any of its Subsidiaries owes such obligation is not an Affiliate of the Company. 

Delaware Act means the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, 6 Del. C. 
18-101,et seq., as it may be amended from time to time, and any successor thereto. 

Direct Exchange has the meaning set forth in Section 11.03(a). 

6 

Discount has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.06. 

Distributable Cash means, as of any relevant date on which a
determination is being made by the Manager regarding a potential distribution pursuant to Section 4.01(a), the amount of cash that could be distributed by the Company for such purposes in accordance with the Credit
Agreements (and without otherwise violating any applicable provisions of any of the Credit Agreements). 

Distribution (and, with a correlative meaning, Distribute) means each distribution made by
the Company to a Member with respect to such Members Units, whether in cash, property or securities of the Company and whether by liquidating distribution or otherwise; provided, however, that none of the following shall be a
Distribution: any recapitalization that does not result in the distribution of cash or property to Members or any exchange of securities of the Company, and any subdivision (by Unit split or otherwise) or any combination (by reverse Unit split or
otherwise) of any outstanding Units. 

Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Election Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01(b). 

Equity Plan means any stock or equity purchase plan, restricted stock or equity plan or other similar equity
compensation plan now or hereafter adopted by the Company or the Corporation. 

Equity Securities means
(a) Units or other equity interests in the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (including other classes or groups thereof having such relative rights, powers and duties as may from time to time be established by the Manager pursuant to the
provisions of this Agreement, including rights, powers and/or duties senior to existing classes and groups of Units and other equity interests in the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company), (b) obligations, evidences of indebtedness or other
securities or interests convertible or exchangeable into Units or other equity interests in the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, and (c) warrants, options or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire Units or other equity interests
in the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company. 

Event of Withdrawal means the Bankruptcy or dissolution of a
Member or the occurrence of any other event that terminates the continued membership of a Member in the Company. Event of Withdrawal shall not include an event that (a) terminates the existence of a Member for income tax purposes
(including, without limitation, (i) a change in entity classification of a Member under Treasury Regulations Section 301.7701-3, (ii) a sale of assets by, or liquidation of, a Member pursuant to an
election under Code Sections 336 or 338, or (iii) merger, severance, or allocation within a trust or among sub-trusts of a trust that is a Member) but that (b) does not terminate the existence of
such Member under applicable state law (or, in the case of a trust that is a Member, does not terminate the trusteeship of the fiduciaries under such trust with respect to all the Units of such trust that is a Member). 

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any applicable rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, and any successor to such statute, rules or regulations. 

7 

Exchange Election Notice has the meaning set forth in
Section 11.03(b). 

Fair Market Value of a specific asset of the Company will mean the
amount which the Company would receive in an all-cash sale of such asset in an arms-length transaction with a willing unaffiliated third party, with neither party having any compulsion to buy or sell,
consummated on the day immediately preceding the date on which the event occurred which necessitated the determination of the Fair Market Value (and after giving effect to any transfer taxes payable in connection with such sale), as such amount is
determined by the Manager (or, if pursuant to Section 14.02, the Liquidators) in its good faith judgment using all factors, information and data it deems to be pertinent. 

Fiscal Period means any interim accounting period within a Taxable Year established by the Manager and which is
permitted or required by Section 706 of the Code. 

Fiscal Year means the Companys annual accounting
period established pursuant to Section 8.02. 

GEC means GEC Advisors LLC. 

Governmental Entity means (a) the United States of America, (b) any other sovereign nation, (c) any
state, province, district, territory or other political subdivision of (a) or (b) of this definition, including, but not limited to, any county, municipal or other local subdivision of the foregoing, or (d) any agency, arbitrator or
arbitral body, authority, board, body, bureau, commission, court, department, entity, instrumentality, organization or tribunal exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of government on behalf of (a), (b)
or (c) of this definition. 

Indemnified Person has the meaning set forth in
Section 7.04(a). 

LLC Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Investment Company Act means the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time. 

IPO means the initial underwritten public offering of shares of the Corporations Class A Common Stock.

IPO Common Unit Subscription has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(b). 

IPO Net Proceeds has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

IPO Unit Redemption has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Joinder means a joinder to this Agreement, in form and substance substantially similar to Exhibit A to this
Agreement. 

Law means all laws, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations of any Governmental Entity. 

8 

Liquidator has the meaning set forth in
Section 14.02. 

LLC Employee means an employee of, or other service provider
(including, without limitation, any management member whether or not treated as an employee for the purposes of U.S. federal income tax) to, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case acting in such capacity. 

Losses means items of loss or deduction of the Company determined according to
Section 5.01(b). 

Manager has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.01. 

Market Price means, with respect to a share of Class A Common
Stock as of a specified date, the last sale price per share of Class A Common Stock, regular way, or if no such sale took place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices per share of Class A Common Stock, regular way, in
either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the Stock Exchange or, if the Class A Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on the Stock
Exchange, as reported on the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading or, if the
Class A Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price, or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System or, if such system is no longer in use, the principal other automated quotation system
that may then be in use or, if the Class A Common Stock is not quoted by any such system, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in shares of Class A Common Stock
selected by the Corporate Board or, in the event that no trading price is available for the shares of Class A Common Stock, the fair market value of a share of Class A Common Stock, as determined in good faith by the Corporate Board. 

Master Reorganization Agreement means the Master Reorganization Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025, by and
among the Company, the Corporation and the Persons listed on the signature pages thereto, as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

Member means, as of any date of determination, (a) each of the members named on the Schedule of Members and
(b) any Person admitted to the Company as a Substituted Member or Additional Member in accordance with Article XII, but in each case only so long as such Person is shown on the Companys books and records as the owner of one or more
Units, each in its capacity as a member of the Company. 

Minimum Gain means partnership minimum
gain determined pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(d).

Net Loss means, with respect to a Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period, the excess if any, of Losses for such Taxable
Year or other Fiscal Period over Profits for such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period (excluding Profits and Losses specially allocated pursuant to Section 5.03 and Section 5.04). 

9 

Net Profit means, with respect to a Taxable Year or other Fiscal
Period, the excess if any, of Profits for such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period over Losses for such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period (excluding Profits and Losses specially allocated pursuant to Section 5.03 and
Section 5.04). 

Officer has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.01(b). 

Optionee means a Person to whom a stock option is granted under any
Stock Option Plan. 

Original Units means Series A Units (as defined in Section 3.2 of the Initial LLC
Agreement) of the Company. 

Other Agreements has the meaning set forth in
Section 10.04. 

Over-Allotment Contribution has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.03(b). 

Over-Allotment Option has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Over-Allotment Option Net Proceeds has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Partnership Tax Audit Rules means Code Sections 6221 through 6241, as amended by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015,
together with any guidance issued thereunder or successor provisions and any similar provision of state or local tax laws. 

Partnership Representative has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03. 

Percentage Interest means, as among an individual class of Units and with respect to a Member at a particular time,
such Members percentage interest in the Company determined by dividing the number of such Members Units of such class by the total number of Units of all Members of such class at such time. The Percentage Interests of the Members, in the
aggregate, shall always equal exactly 100.0000%. The Managing Member may make adjustments, as necessary, to ensure that the Percentage Interest of each Member equals exactly 100.0000%. 

Permitted Redemption Event means any of the following events, which has or is occurring, or is otherwise satisfied,
as of the Redemption Date: 

(i) the Redemption is part of one or more Redemptions by a Member and any related persons (within the meaning
of Section 267(b) or 707(b)(1) of the Code) that is part of a block transfer within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(e)(2) (for this purpose, treating the Corporation
as a general partner within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(k)(1));

(ii) the Redemption is in connection with a Pubco Offer; provided, that any such Redemption pursuant to this clause (ii) shall be
effective immediately prior to the consummation of the closing of the Pubco Offer date (and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be effective if such Pubco Offer is not consummated); or 

10 

(iii) the Redemption is permitted by the Corporation, in its sole discretion, in connection
with circumstances not otherwise set forth herein, if the Corporation determines, after consultation with Tax Counsel, that the Company would not reasonably be expected to be treated as a publicly traded partnership under
Section 7704 of the Code (or any successor or similar provision) as a result of or in connection with such Redemption. 

Permitted Transfer has the meaning set forth in Section 10.02. 

Permitted Transferee has the meaning set forth in Section 10.02. 

Person means an individual or any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated
organization, association, joint venture or any other organization or entity, whether or not a legal entity. 

Pre-IPO Members has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 

Private Placement Safe Harbor means the private placement safe harbor set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(1).

Pro rata, pro rata
portion, according to their interests, ratably, proportionately, proportional, in proportion to,
based on the number of Units held, based upon the percentage of Units held, based upon the number of Units outstanding, and other terms with similar meanings, when used in
the context of a number of Units of the Company relative to other Units, means as amongst an individual class of Units, pro rata based upon the number of such Units within such class of Units. 

Profits means items of income and gain of the Company determined according to Section 5.01
(b). 

Pubco Offer has the meaning set forth in Section 10.09(b). 

Quarterly Redemption Date means, either (x) for each fiscal quarter during any period in which the Company does
not reasonably expect to satisfy the requirements of the Private Placement Safe Harbor, the first Business Day occurring after the 60th day after the expiration of the applicable Quarterly Redemption Notice Period, beginning with the first
applicable Quarterly Redemption Date that will fall on or after the waiver or expiration of any contractual lock-up period relating to the shares of the Corporation that may be applicable to a Member,
(y) for each fiscal quarter during any period in which the Company reasonably expects to satisfy the requirements of the Private Placement Safe Harbor, the first Business Day following the end of the Redemption
Black-Out Period applicable after the Quarterly Redemption Notice Period or (z) such other date as the Corporation shall determine in its sole discretion; provided, that with respect to clause
(x) above, (i) such date is at least 60 days after the expiration of the Quarterly Redemption Notice Period (unless the Corporation is advised by Tax Counsel that a date that is less than 60 days after the expiration of the Quarterly Redemption
Notice Period would not reasonably be expected (at a should or higher level of confidence) to cause the Company to be 

11 

treated as a publicly traded partnership under Section 7704 of the Code), (ii) the Corporation shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that at least one Quarterly
Redemption Date occurs each fiscal quarter and (iii) the Corporation shall not permit more than four Quarterly Redemption Dates to occur in a fiscal year unless advised by Tax Counsel that each Quarterly Redemption Date after the fourth
Quarterly Redemption Date in a fiscal year would not reasonably be expected (at a should or higher level of confidence) to cause the Company to be treated as a publicly traded partnership under Section 7704 of the Code.

Quarterly Redemption Notice Period means, for each fiscal quarter, (i) during any period in which the
Company does not reasonably expect to satisfy the requirements of the Private Placement Safe Harbor the period commencing on the third (3rd) Business Day after the day on which the Corporation releases its earnings for the prior fiscal period,
beginning with the first such date that falls on or after the waiver or expiration of any contractual lock-up period relating to the shares of the Corporation that may be applicable to a Member (or such other
date within such quarter as the Corporation shall determine in its sole discretion) and ending five (5) Business Days thereafter, or (ii) during any period in which the Company reasonably expects to satisfy the requirements of the Private
Placement Safe Harbor, the period commencing on the tenth (10th) Business Day prior to the last Business Day of each fiscal quarter and ending on the last Business Day of each fiscal quarter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation may change
the definition of Quarterly Redemption Notice Period with respect to any Quarterly Redemption Notice Period scheduled to occur in a calendar quarter subsequent to the then-current calendar quarter if (x) the revised definition provides for a
Quarterly Redemption Notice Period occurring at least once in each calendar quarter, (y) the first Quarterly Redemption Notice Period pursuant to the revised definition will occur no less than 10 Business Days from the date written notice of
such change is sent to each Member (other than the Corporation) and (z) the revised definition, together with the revised Quarterly Redemption Date resulting therefrom, do not materially adversely affect the ability of Members to exercise their
Redemption rights pursuant to this Agreement. 

Recapitalization has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Redeemed Units has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01(a). 

Redeemed Units Equivalent means the product of (a) the applicable number of Redeemed Units, multipliedby (b) the Common Unit Redemption Price. 

Redeeming Member has the meaning set forth in
Section 11.01(a). 

Redemption has the meaning set forth in
Section 11.01(a). 

Redemption Black-Out Period
means (i) any black-out or similar period under the Corporations policies covering trading in the Corporations securities to which the applicable Redeeming Member is subject (or
will be subject at such time as it owns Class A Common Stock), which period restricts the ability of such Redeeming Member to immediately resell shares of Class A Common Stock to be delivered to such Redeeming Member in connection with a
Share Settlement and (ii) the period of time commencing on (x) the date of the declaration of a dividend by the Corporation and ending on the first day following (y) the record date determined by the Board with respect to such
dividend declared pursuant to clause (x), which period of time shall be no longer than 10 Business Days; provided that in no event shall an Redemption Black-Out Period which respect to clause (ii) of the
definition hereof occur more than four times per calendar year. 

12 

Redemption Date means, (i) in the case of an Unrestricted
Redemption, a date specified by the Redeeming Member in the Redemption Notice, which shall not be less than (5) Business Days after delivery of such Redemption Notice (unless and to the extent that the Manager in its sole discretion agrees in
writing to waive such time periods) or, if no such date is specified, a date determined by the Manager which shall not be less than (5) Business Days nor more than ten (10) Business Days after delivery of such Redemption Notice, on which
the exercise of the Redemption Right shall be completed, (ii) in the case of a Redemption pursuant to a Company Redemption Right, a date, not less than three (3) Business Days nor more than ten (10) Business Days after delivery of
such Company Redemption Notice, on which exercise of the Company Redemption Right shall be completed and (iii) in any other case, the Quarterly Redemption Date; provided, that if the Redemption Date for any Redemption with respect to
which the Corporation elects to make a Share Settlement would otherwise fall within any Redemption Black-Out Period, then the Redemption Date shall occur on the next Business Day following the end of such
Redemption Black-Out Period. 

Redemption Notice has the meaning set
forth in Section 11.01(a). 

Redemption Right has the meaning set forth in
Section 11.01(a). 

Registration Rights Agreement means that certain Registration
Rights Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, by and among the Corporation, certain of the Members as of the Effective Date and certain other Persons whose signatures are affixed thereto (together with any joinder thereto from time to time by
any successor or assign to any party to such agreement) (as it may be amended from time to time in accordance with its terms). 

Restricted Retraction Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01(c). 

Retraction Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01(c). 

Schedule of Members has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b). 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including any governmental body or agency succeeding to the
functions thereof. 

Secondary Offering means a follow-on or secondary
public offering of shares of Class A Common Stock by the Corporation following the IPO. 

Securities Act
means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and applicable rules and regulations thereunder, and any successor to such statute, rules or regulations. Any reference herein to a specific section, rule or regulation of the Securities Act shall
be deemed to include any corresponding provisions of future Law. 

13 

Share Settlement means a number of shares of Class A Common
Stock (together with any Corresponding Rights) equal to the number of Redeemed Units. 

Stand-Alone Margin Tax
Liability has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03. 

Stock Exchange
means the New York Stock Exchange. 

Stock Option Plan means any stock option plan now or hereafter adopted by
the Company or by the Corporation, including the Corporate Incentive Award Plan. 

Stockholders Agreement means
that certain stockholders agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025, by and among the Corporation and the other Persons party thereto (as it may be amended from time to time in accordance with its terms). 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association
or business entity of which (a) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of shares of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at
the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, or (b) if a limited liability company, partnership, association or other business entity
(other than a corporation), a majority of the voting interests thereof are at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof, references to
a Subsidiary of the Company shall be given effect only at such times that the Company has one or more Subsidiaries, and, unless otherwise indicated, the term Subsidiary refers to a Subsidiary of the Company.

Substituted Member means a Person that is admitted as a Member to the Company pursuant to
Section 12.01. 

Supplemental Tax Distribution has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.01(b)(ii). 

Tax Counsel means a nationally recognized law or accounting firm. 

Tax Distributions has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(b)(i). 

Tax Distribution Date means April 15th, June 15th, September 15th, December 15th and January 15th (or such other
dates for which individuals or corporations are required to make quarterly estimated tax payments for U.S. federal income tax purposes). 

Tax Receivable Agreement means that certain Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, by and among
the Corporation, the Company, the TRA Party Representative and the TRA Parties (as such terms are defined in the Tax Receivable Agreement) (together with any joinder thereto from time to time by any successor or assign to any party to such
agreement), as it may be amended from time to time in accordance with its terms. 

Taxable Year means the
Companys accounting period for U.S. federal income tax purposes determined pursuant to Section 9.02. 

14 

Total Separate Company Margin Tax Liability has the meaning set
forth in Section 9.03. 

Trading Day means a day on which the Stock Exchange or such
other principal United States securities exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading is open for the transaction of business (unless such trading shall have been suspended for the entire day). 

Transfer (and, with a correlative meaning, Transferring) means any sale, transfer,
assignment, redemption, pledge, encumbrance or other disposition of (whether directly or indirectly, whether with or without consideration and whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of Law) (a) any interest (legal or beneficial)
in any Equity Securities or (b) any equity or other interest (legal or beneficial) in any Member if substantially all of the assets of such Member consist solely of Units. 

Treasury Regulations means the final, temporary and (to the extent they can be relied upon) proposed regulations
under the Code, as promulgated from time to time (including corresponding provisions and succeeding provisions) as in effect for the relevant taxable period. 

Underwriting Agreement means the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025, by and among the
Corporation, the Company and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC and Piper Sandler & Co., as representatives of the several underwriters listed therein. 

Unit means the fractional interest of a Member in Profits, Losses and Distributions of the Company, and otherwise
having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Units in this Agreement; provided, however, that any class or group of Units issued shall have the relative rights, powers and duties set forth in this Agreement
applicable to such class or group of Units. 

Unrestricted Redemptions means any Redemption that is (i) in
connection with a Permitted Redemption Event or (ii) that occurs during a taxable year in which the Company reasonably expects to satisfy the requirements of the Private Placement Safe Harbor and such Redemption is for an amount equal to at
least 416,667 Common Units. 

Unvested Corporate Shares means shares of Class A Common Stock issuable
pursuant to awards granted under the Corporate Incentive Award Plan that are not Vested Corporate Shares. 

Value
means (a) for any Stock Option Plan, the Market Price for the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of exercise of a stock option under such Stock Option Plan and (b) for any Equity Plan other than a Stock Option Plan, the Market
Price for the Trading Day immediately preceding the Vesting Date. 

Vested Corporate Shares means the shares of
Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to awards granted under the Corporate Incentive Award Plan that are vested pursuant to the terms thereof or any award or similar agreement relating thereto. 

Vesting Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.10(c)(ii). 

White Deer means White Deer Management LLC. 

15 

ARTICLE II 

ORGANIZATIONAL MATTERS 

Section 2.01 Formation ofCompany. The Company was formed on June 3, 2024 pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware
Act. The filing of the Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. 

Section 2.02 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement. The Members hereby execute this Agreement for the
purpose of amending, restating and superseding the Initial Agreement in its entirety and otherwise establishing the affairs of the Company and the conduct of its business in accordance with the provisions of the Delaware Act. The Members hereby
agree that during the term of the Company set forth in Section 2.06 the rights and obligations of the Members with respect to the Company will be determined in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
the Delaware Act. No provision of this Agreement shall be in violation of the Delaware Act and to the extent any provision of this Agreement is in violation of the Delaware Act, such provision shall be void and of no effect to the extent of such
violation without affecting the validity of the other provisions of this Agreement. Neither any Member nor the Manager nor any other Person shall have appraisal rights with respect to any Units. 

Section 2.03 Name. The name of the Company is Flowco MergeCo LLC. The Manager in its sole discretion may change the
name of the Company at any time and from time to time. Notification of any such change shall be given to all of the Members. The Companys business may be conducted under its name and/or any other name or names deemed advisable by the Manager.

Section 2.04 Purpose; Powers. The primary business and purpose of the Company shall be to engage in such activities as are
permitted under the Delaware Act and determined from time to time by the Manager in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Company shall have the power and authority to take (directly or indirectly through its Subsidiaries)
any and all actions and engage in any and all activities necessary, appropriate, desirable, advisable, ancillary or incidental to accomplish the foregoing purpose. 

Section 2.05 Principal Office; Registered Office. The principal office of the Company shall be located at such place or places as
the Manager may from time to time designate, each of which may be within or outside the State of Delaware. The address of the registered office of the Company in the State of Delaware and the registered agent for service of process on the Company in
the State of Delaware shall be the office and registered agent named in the Certificate. The Manager may from time to time change the Companys registered agent and registered office in the State of Delaware. 

Section 2.06 Term. The term of the Company commenced upon the filing of the Certificate in accordance with the Delaware Act and
shall continue in perpetuity unless dissolved in accordance with the provisions of Article XIV. 

16 

Section 2.07 No State-Law Partnership.
The Members intend that the Company not be a partnership (including, without limitation, a limited partnership) or joint venture, and that no Member be a partner or joint venturer of any other Member by virtue of this Agreement, for any purposes
other than as set forth in the last sentence of this Section 2.07, and neither this Agreement nor any other document entered into by the Company or any Member relating to the subject matter hereof shall be construed to
suggest otherwise. The Members intend that the Company shall be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and, if applicable, state or local income tax purposes, and that each Member and the Company shall file all tax returns and shall otherwise
take all tax and financial reporting positions in a manner consistent with such treatment. 

ARTICLE III 

MEMBERS; UNITS; CAPITALIZATION 

Section 3.01 Members. 

(a) (i) In connection with and following the IPO Liquidating Distributions, the Company admitted the
Pre-IPO Members as Members and (ii) in connection with the Master Reorganization Agreement, (A) the Corporation acquired the non-economic Manager interest and
Common Units, and was admitted as a Member and (B) the Corporation may acquire additional Common Units (including in connection with the IPO and from Members in connection with the mergers under the Blocker Merger Agreements (as defined in the
Master Reorganization Agreement)). 

(b) The Company shall maintain a schedule setting forth: (i) the name and address of each Member
and (ii) the aggregate number of outstanding Units and the number and class of Units held by each Member (such schedule, the Schedule of Members). The applicable Schedule of Members in effect as of the
Effective Date and after giving effect to the Recapitalization and the other transactions occurring in connection with the IPO is set forth as Schedule 2 to this Agreement. The Company shall also maintain a record of (1) the aggregate
amount of cash Capital Contributions that has been made by the Members with respect to their Units and (2) the Fair Market Value of any property other than cash contributed by the Members with respect to their Units (including, if applicable, a
description and the amount of any liability assumed by the Company or to which contributed property is subject) in its books and records. The Schedule of Members may be updated by the Manager in the Companys books and records from time to
time, and as so updated, it shall be the definitive record of ownership of each Unit of the Company and all relevant information with respect to each Member. The Company shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a Person registered on
its records as the owner of Units for all purposes and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in Units on the part of any other Person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as
otherwise provided by the Delaware Act. 

(c) No Member shall be required or, except as approved by the Manager pursuant to
Section 6.01 and in accordance with the other provisions of this Agreement, permitted to (i) loan any money or property to the Company, (ii) borrow any money or property from the Company or (iii) make any
additional Capital Contributions. 

17 

(d) Each Member (or transferee thereof) that is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes
as a partnership, S-corporation or grantor trust (or if the Member is a disregarded entity and the Person treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the owner of the Member is a partnership, S-corporation, or grantor trust, such partnership, S-corporation or grantor trust), upon receipt of Common Units, represents that such Member was not formed or used for the
principal purpose or as one of its principal purposes to permit the Company to satisfy the Private Placement Safe Harbor (as described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)).

Section 3.02 Units. 

(a) Interests in theCompany shall be represented by Units, or such other securities of the Company, in each case as the Manager
may establish in its discretion in accordance with the terms and subject to the restrictions hereof. At the Effective Date, the Units will be comprised of a single class of Common Units. 

(b) Subject to Section 3.04(a) the Manager may (i) issue additional Common Units at any time in its sole
discretion and (ii) create one or more classes or series of Units or preferred Units solely to the extent such new class or series of Units or preferred Units are substantially economically equivalent to a class of common or other stock of the
Corporation or class or series of preferred stock of the Corporation, respectively; provided, that as long as there are any Members (other than the Corporation and its Subsidiaries) (i) no such new class or series of Units may deprive
such Members of, or dilute or reduce, the allocations and distributions they would have received, and the other rights and benefits to which they would have been entitled, in respect of their Units if such new class or series of Units had not been
created and (ii) no such new class or series of Units may be issued, in each case, except to the extent (and solely to the extent) the Company actually receives cash in an aggregate amount, or other property with a Fair Market Value in an
aggregate amount, equal to the aggregate distributions that would be made in respect of such new class or series of Units if the Company were liquidated immediately after the issuance of such new class or series of Units. 

(c) Subject to Sections 15.03(b) and Section 15.03(c), the Manager may amend this Agreement, without the
consent of any Member or any other Person, in connection with the creation and issuance of such classes or series of Units, pursuant to Sections 3.02(b), 3.04(a) or 3.10. 

Section 3.03 Recapitalization; the Corporations Capital Contribution; the Corporations
Purchase of Common Units; the IPO Unit Redemption. 

(a) To reflect the assignments and admission of new Members in connection with the
IPO Liquidating Distributions, the number of Original Units that were issued and outstanding and held by the Pre-IPO Members prior to the Effective Date are as set forth opposite the respective Pre-IPO Member in Schedule 1 (net of all Original Units redeemed pursuant to the IPO Unit Redemption). In order to effect the Recapitalization, the number of Original Units that were issued and outstanding
and held by such Pre-IPO Members prior to the Effective Date as set forth opposite the respective Pre-IPO Member in Schedule 1 are hereby converted, as of the
Effective Date, and after giving effect to such conversion and the other transactions related to the Recapitalization (including the mergers pursuant to the Merger 

18 

Agreement), into the number of Common Units set forth opposite the name of the respective Member on the Schedule of Members attached hereto as Schedule 2 (provided, for the avoidance of
doubt, that the number of Common Units set forth on Schedule 2 shall include the Common Units issued to the Corporation pursuant to the Master Reorganization Agreement), and such Common Units are hereby issued and outstanding as of the
Effective Date and the holders of such Common Units are Members hereunder. 

(b) Following the Recapitalization, the Company shall issue to
the Corporation, and the Corporation will acquire pursuant to the Master Reorganization Agreement, a number of newly issued Common Units in exchange for the IPO Net Proceeds payable to the Company upon consummation of the IPO (the IPO
Common Unit Subscription).In addition, to the extent the underwriters in the IPO exercise the Over-Allotment Option in whole or in part, upon the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the Corporation will contribute the
Over-Allotment Option Net Proceeds to the Company in exchange for newly issued Common Units pursuant to the Master Reorganization Agreement, and such issuance of additional Common Units shall be reflected on the Schedule of Members (the
Over-Allotment Contribution).The number of Common Units issued in the Over-Allotment Contribution, in the aggregate, shall be equal to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued by the
Corporation in such exercise of the Over-Allotment Option. The Company shall use a portion of the IPO Net Proceeds received pursuant to the Master Reorganization Agreement to effect the IPO Unit Redemption. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Corporation shall be admitted as a Member with respect to all Common Units it holds from time to time. 

Section 3.04 Authorization
and Issuance of Additional Units. 

(a) Except as otherwise determined by the Manager in good faith to be fair and reasonable to the
shareholders and other equityholders of the Corporation and to the Members to preserve the intended economic effect of this Section 3.04, Section 11.01 and the other provisions hereof: 

(i) the Company and the Corporation shall undertake all actions, including, without limitation, an issuance, reclassification,
distribution, division or recapitalization, with respect to the Common Units and the Class A Common Stock or Class BCommon Stock, as applicable, to maintain at all times (i) a one-to-one ratio between the number of Common Units owned by the Corporation, directly or indirectly, and the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii) a one-to-one ratio between the number of Common Units owned by Members (other than the Corporation and its wholly owned Subsidiaries), directly or indirectly, and the number of
outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock owned by such Members, directly or indirectly, in each case, disregarding, for purposes of maintaining the one-to-one
ratio, (A) Unvested Corporate Shares, (B) treasury stock or (C) preferred stock or other debt or equity securities (including, without limitation, warrants, options or rights) issued by the Corporation that are convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (except to the extent the net proceeds from such other securities, including any exercise or purchase price payable upon conversion, exercise or exchange thereof,
has been contributed by the Corporation to the equity capital of the Company); 

19 

(ii) in the event the Corporation issues, transfers or delivers from
treasury stock or repurchases Class A Common Stock, the Manager and the Corporation shall take all actions such that, after giving effect to all such issuances, transfers, deliveries or repurchases, the number of outstanding Common Units owned,
directly or indirectly, by the Corporation will equal on a one-for-one basis the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock; 

(iii) in the event the Corporation issues, transfers or delivers from treasury stock or repurchases or redeems the
Corporations preferred stock, the Manager and the Corporation shall take all actions such that, after giving effect to all such issuances, transfers, deliveries, repurchases or redemptions, the Corporation, directly or indirectly, holds (in
the case of any issuance, transfer or delivery) or ceases to hold (in the case of any repurchase or redemption) equity interests in the Company which (in the good faith determination by the Manager) are in the aggregate substantially economically
equivalent to the outstanding preferred stock of the Corporation so issued, transferred, delivered, repurchased or redeemed; and 

(iv) the Company and the Corporation shall not undertake any subdivision (by any Common Unit split, stock split, Common Unit
distribution, stock distribution, reclassification, division, recapitalization or similar event) or combination (by reverse Common Unit split, reverse stock split, reclassification, division, recapitalization or similar event) of the Common Units,
Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, as applicable, that is not accompanied by an identical subdivision or combination of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Common Units, respectively, to maintain at all times
(x) a one-to-one ratio between the number of Common Units owned, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation and the number of outstanding shares of Class A
Common Stock or (y) a one-to-one ratio between the number of Common Units owned by Members (other than the Corporation and its Subsidiaries) and the number of
outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, in each case, unless such action is necessary to maintain at all times a one-to-one ratio between either the number of
Common Units owned, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation and the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock or the number of Common Units owned by Members (other than the Corporation and its Subsidiaries) and the number of
outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock as contemplated by the first sentence of this Section 3.04(a). 

(b) The Company shall only be permitted to issue additional Common Units, and/or establish other classes or series of Units or other Equity
Securities in the Company to the Persons and on the terms and conditions provided for in Section 3.02, this Section 3.04, Section 3.10 and
Section 3.11. Subject to the foregoing, the Manager may cause the Company to issue additional Common Units authorized under this Agreement and/or establish other classes or series of Units or other Equity Securities in the
Company at such times and upon such terms as the Manager shall determine and the Manager shall amend this Agreement as necessary in connection with the issuance of additional Common Units and admission of additional Members under this
Section 3.04 without the requirement of any consent or acknowledgement of any other Member. 

20 

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (including Section 3.04(a),
if the Corporation acquires or holds any material amount of cash in excess of any monetary obligations it reasonably anticipates, the Corporation may, in its sole discretion: 

(i) contribute (or cause to be contributed) such excess cash amount to the Company in exchange for a number of Common Units or
other Equity Securities of the Company determined in its sole discretion, and distribute to the holders of Class A Common Stock shares of Class A Common Stock (if the Company issues Common Units to the Corporation) or such other equity
securities of the Corporation (if the Company issues Equity Securities of the Company other than Common Units to the Corporation) corresponding to the Equity Securities issued by the Company and with substantially the same rights to dividends and
distributions (including distributions upon liquidation, but taking into account differences resulting from any tax or other liabilities borne by the Corporation) and other economic rights as those of such Equity Securities of the Company issued; or

(ii) use such excess cash amount in such other manner, and make such other adjustments to or take such other actions with
respect to the capitalization of the Corporation and the Company and to the one-to-one exchange ratio between Common Units and Class A Common Stock, as the
Corporation in good faith determines to be fair and reasonable to the shareholders and other equityholders of the Corporation and to the Members to preserve the intended economic effect of this Section 3.04,
Section 11.01 and the other provisions hereof. 

Section 3.05 Repurchase or Redemption of Shares of
Class A Common Stock. Except as otherwise determined by the Manager in connection with the use of cash or other assets held by the Corporation, if at any time, any shares of Class A Common Stock are repurchased or
redeemed (whether by exercise of a put or call, automatically or by means of another arrangement) by the Corporation for cash, then the Manager shall cause the Company, immediately prior to such repurchase or redemption of Class A Common Stock,
to redeem a corresponding number of Common Units held (directly or indirectly) by the Corporation, at an aggregate redemption price equal to the aggregate purchase or redemption price of the shares of Class A Common Stock being repurchased or
redeemed by the Corporation (plus any expenses related thereto) and upon such other terms as are the same for the shares of Class A Common Stock being repurchased or redeemed by the Corporation; provided, if the Corporation uses the net
proceeds from an issuance of Class A Common Stock (solely to the extent such net proceeds were not contributed to the Company and an equal number of Common Units were issued in connection with such issuance of Class A Common Stock in
accordance with this Agreement) to fund such repurchase or redemption, then the Company shall not redeem or cancel a corresponding number of Common Units held (directly or indirectly) by the Corporation. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, the Company shall not make any repurchase or redemption if such repurchase or redemption would violate any applicable Law. 

21 

Section 3.06 Certificates Representing Units; Lost, Stolen or Destroyed
Certificates; Registration and Transfer of Units. 

(a) Units shall not be certificated unless otherwise determined by the Manager. If
the Manager determines that one or more Units shall be certificated, each such certificate shall be signed by or in the name of the Company, by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Secretary or any other officer
designated by the Manager, representing the number of Units held by such holder. Such certificate shall be in such form (and shall contain such legends) as the Manager may determine. Any or all of such signatures on any certificate representing one
or more Units may be a facsimile, engraved or printed, to the extent permitted by applicable Law. No Units shall be treated as a security within the meaning of Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code unless all Units then outstanding
are certificated; notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, including Section 15.03, the Manager is authorized to amend this Agreement in order for the Company to opt-in to the
provisions of Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code without the consent or approval of any Member of any other Person. 

(b) If Units
are certificated, the Manager may direct that a new certificate representing one or more Units be issued in place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Company alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon delivery to the Manager of an
affidavit of the owner or owners of such certificate, setting forth such allegation. The Manager may require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owners legal representative, to give the Company a bond sufficient to
indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of any such new certificate. 

(c) To the extent Units are certificated, upon surrender to the Company or the transfer agent of the Company, if any, of a certificate for one
or more Units, duly endorsed or accompanied by appropriate evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer, in compliance with the provisions hereof, the Company shall issue a new certificate representing one or more Units to the Person
entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Manager may prescribe such additional rules and regulations as it may deem appropriate relating to the issue,
Transfer and registration of Units. 

Section 3.07 Negative Capital Accounts. No Member shall be required to pay to any other
Member or the Company any deficit or negative balance which may exist from time to time in such Members Capital Account (including upon and after dissolution of the Company). 

Section 3.08 No Withdrawal. No Person shall be entitled to withdraw any part of such Persons Capital Contribution or Capital
Account or to receive any Distribution from the Company, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. 

Section 3.09 Loans From
Members. Loans by Members to the Company shall not be considered Capital Contributions. Subject to the provisions of Section 3.01(c), the amount of any such advances shall be a debt of the Company to such Member and
shall be payable or collectible in accordance with the terms and conditions upon which such advances are made. 

22 

Section 3.10 Corporate Stock Option Plans and Equity Plans. 

(a) Options Granted to Persons other than LLC Employees. If at any time or from time to time, in connection with any Stock Option Plan,
a stock option granted over shares of Class A Common Stock to a Person other than an LLC Employee is duly exercised: 

(i) The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such exercise, make a Capital Contribution to the Company in an amount
equal to the exercise price paid to the Corporation by such exercising Person in connection with the exercise of such stock option. 

(ii) Notwithstanding the amount of the Capital Contribution actually made pursuant to
Section 3.10(a)(i), the Corporation shall be deemed to have contributed to the Company as a Capital Contribution, in lieu of the Capital Contribution actually made and in consideration of additional Common Units, an amount
equal to the Value of a share of Class A Common Stock as of the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of shares of Class A Common Stock then being issued by the Corporation in connection with the exercise of such stock option.

(iii) The Corporation shall receive in exchange for such Capital Contributions (as deemed made under
Section 3.10(a)(ii)), a number of Common Units equal to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock for which such option was exercised. 

(b) Options Granted to LLC Employees. If at any time or from time to time, in connection with any Stock Option Plan, a stock option
granted over shares of Class A Common Stock to an LLC Employee is duly exercised: 

(i) The Corporation shall sell to
the Optionee, and the Optionee shall purchase from the Corporation, for a cash price per share equal to the Value of a share of Class A Common Stock at the time of the exercise, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the
quotient of (x) the exercise price payable by the Optionee in connection with the exercise of such stock option divided by (y) the Value of a share of Class A Common Stock at the time of such exercise. 

(ii) The Corporation shall sell to the Company (or if the Optionee is an employee of, or other service provider to, a
Subsidiary, the Corporation shall sell to such Subsidiary), and the Company (or such Subsidiary, as applicable) shall purchase from the Corporation, a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the difference between (x) the number
of shares of Class A Common Stock as to which such stock option is being exercised minus (y) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock sold pursuant to Section 3.10(b)(i) hereof. The purchase price per
share of Class A Common Stock for such sale of shares of Class A Common Stock to the Company (or such Subsidiary) shall be the Value of a share of Class A Common Stock as of the date of exercise of such stock option. 

23 

(iii) The Company shall transfer to the Optionee (or if the Optionee is an
employee of, or other service provider to, a Subsidiary, the Subsidiary shall transfer to the Optionee) at no additional cost to such LLC Employee and as additional compensation (and not a distribution) to such LLC Employee, the number of shares of
Class A Common Stock described in Section 3.10(b)(ii). 

(iv) The Corporation shall, as soon
as practicable after such exercise, make a Capital Contribution to the Company in an amount equal to all proceeds received (from whatever source, but excluding any payment in respect of payroll taxes or other withholdings) by the Corporation in
connection with the exercise of such stock option. The Corporation shall receive for such Capital Contribution, a number of Common Units equal to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock for which such option was exercised. 

(c) Restricted Stock Granted to LLC Employees. If at any time or from time to time, in connection with any Equity Plan (other than a
Stock Option Plan), any shares of Class A Common Stock are issued to an LLC Employee (including any shares of Class A Common Stock that are subject to forfeiture in the event such LLC Employee terminates his or her employment with the
Company or any Subsidiary) in consideration for services performed for the Company or any Subsidiary: 

(i) The Corporation
shall issue such number of shares of Class A Common Stock as are to be issued to such LLC Employee in accordance with the Equity Plan; 

(ii) On the date (such date, the VestingDate)that the Value of
such shares is includible in taxable income of such LLC Employee, the following events will be deemed to have occurred: (1) the Corporation shall be deemed to have sold such shares of Class A Common Stock to the Company (or if such LLC
Employee is an employee of, or other service provider to, a Subsidiary, to such Subsidiary) for a purchase price equal to the Value of such shares of Class A Common Stock, (2) the Company (or such Subsidiary) shall be deemed to have
delivered such shares of Class A Common Stock to such LLC Employee, (3) the Corporation shall be deemed to have contributed the purchase price for such shares of Class A Common Stock to the Company as a Capital Contribution, and
(4) in the case where such LLC Employee is an employee of a Subsidiary, the Company shall be deemed to have contributed such amount to the capital of the Subsidiary; and 

(iii) The Company shall issue to the Corporation on the Vesting Date a number of Common Units equal to the number of shares of
Class A Common Stock issued under Section 3.10(c)(i) in consideration for a Capital Contribution that the Corporation is deemed to make to the Company pursuant to clause (3) of
Section 3.10(c)(ii) above. 

(d) Future Stock Incentive Plans. Nothing in this Agreement shall be
construed or applied to preclude or restrain the Corporation from adopting, modifying or terminating stock incentive plans for the benefit of employees, directors or other business associates of the Corporation, the Company or any of their
respective Affiliates. The Members acknowledge and agree that, in the event that any such plan is adopted, modified or terminated by the Corporation, amendments to this Section 3.10 may become necessary or advisable and
that any approval or consent to any such amendments requested by the Corporation shall be deemed granted by the Manager and the Members, as applicable, without the requirement of any further consent or acknowledgement of any other Member. 

24 

(e) Anti-dilution adjustments. For all purposes of this
Section 3.10, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and the corresponding number of Common Units shall be determined after giving effect to all anti-dilution or similar adjustments that are applicable, as of the
date of exercise or vesting, to the option, warrant, restricted stock or other equity interest that is being exercised or becomes vested under the applicable Stock Option Plan or other Equity Plan and applicable award or grant documentation. 

Section 3.11 Dividend Reinvestment Plan, Cash Option Purchase Plan, Stock Incentive Plan or Other Plan. Except as may otherwise be
provided in this Article III, all amounts received or deemed received by the Corporation in respect of any dividend reinvestment plan, cash option purchase plan, stock incentive or other stock or subscription plan or agreement, either (a) shall
be utilized by the Corporation to effect open market purchases of shares of Class A Common Stock, or (b) if the Corporation elects instead to issue new shares of Class A Common Stock with respect to such amounts, shall be contributed
by the Corporation to the Company in exchange for additional Common Units. Upon such contribution, the Company will issue to the Corporation a number of Common Units equal to the number of new shares of Class A Common Stock so issued. 

ARTICLE IV 

DISTRIBUTIONS 

Section 4.01 Distributions. 

(a) Distributable Cash; Other Distributions. To the extent permitted by applicable Law and hereunder, Distributions to Members may be
declared by the Manager out of Distributable Cash or other funds or property legally available therefor in such amounts, at such time and on such terms (including the payment dates of such Distributions) as the Manager in its sole discretion shall
determine using such record date as the Manager may designate. All Distributions made under this Section 4.01 shall be made to the Members as of the close of business on such record date on a pro rata basis in
accordance with each Members Percentage Interest; provided, however, that the Manager shall have the obligation to make Distributions as set forth in Sections 4.01(b) and 14.02; provided, further, that
notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, no Distributions shall be made to any Member to the extent such Distribution would render the Company insolvent or violate the Delaware Act. For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
insolvency means the inability of the Company to meet its payment obligations when due. 

(b) Tax Distributions. 

(i) With respect to each Fiscal Year, the Company shall, to the extent permitted by (A) applicable Law and (B) by the
terms of any Credit Agreement, make cash distributions (Tax Distributions)to each Member, pro rata, in accordance with each Members Percentage Interest at such times and in such amounts as necessary for
the Corporation to timely (x) satisfy all of its U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. tax liabilities, and (y) meet its obligations pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

25 

(ii) If a Member (other than the Corporation) has an Assumed Tax Liability
at a Tax Distribution Date in excess of the sum of the amount of distributions made to such Member under Section 4.01(b)(i), the Company may make distributions to such Member up to an amount equal to such excess (a
Supplemental Tax Distribution). To the extent a Member otherwise would be entitled to receive less than its Percentage Interest of the aggregate Supplemental Tax Distributions to be paid pursuant to this
Section 4.01(b)(ii) on any given date, the Supplemental Tax Distributions to such Member shall be increased to ensure that all distributions made pursuant to this Section 4.01(b)(ii) are made
pro rata in accordance with the Members respective Percentage Interests. If, on the date of a Supplemental Tax Distribution, there are insufficient funds on hand to distribute to the Members the full amount of the Supplemental Tax
Distributions to which such Members are otherwise entitled, Supplemental Tax Distributions pursuant to this Section 4.01(b)(ii) shall be made to the Members to the extent of available funds in accordance with their
Percentage Interests and the Company may make future Supplemental Tax Distributions as soon as funds become available sufficient to pay the remaining portion of the Supplemental Tax Distributions to which such Members are otherwise entitled. 

(iii) If all or a portion of a Members Units are transferred, sold or otherwise disposed, then the transferor shall have
no further right to receive any further Distributions in respect of such transferred Units and any subsequent distributions to the transferee shall be determined with regard to amounts previously distributed to the transferor. 

ARTICLE V 

CAPITAL ACCOUNTS;
ALLOCATIONS; TAX MATTERS 

Section 5.01 Capital Accounts. 

(a) The Company shall maintain a separate Capital Account for each Member according to the rules of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv). For this purpose, the Company may (in the discretion of the Manager), upon the occurrence of the events specified in Treasury Regulation
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f), increase or decrease the Capital Accounts in accordance with the rules of such Treasury Regulation and Treasury Regulation
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g) to reflect a revaluation of the Companys property. 

(b)
For purposes of computing the amount of any item of income, gain, loss or deduction with respect to the Company to be allocated pursuant to this Article V and to be reflected in the Capital Accounts of the Members, the determination,
recognition and classification of any such item shall be the same as its determination, recognition and classification for U.S. federal income tax purposes (including any method of depreciation, cost recovery or amortization used for this purpose);
provided, however, that: 

26 

(i) The computation of all items of income, gain, loss and deduction shall
include those items described in Code Section 705(a)(1)(B) or Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) and Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i), without regard to the fact that such items are not
includible in gross income or are not deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

(ii) If the Book Value of any
property of the Company is adjusted pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(e) or (1), the amount of such adjustment shall be taken into account as gain or loss from the disposition of
such property. 

(iii) Items of income, gain, loss or deduction attributable to the disposition of property of the Company
having a Book Value that differs from its adjusted basis for tax purposes shall be computed by reference to the Book Value of such property. 

(iv) Items of depreciation, amortization and other cost recovery deductions with respect to property of the Company having a
Book Value that differs from its adjusted basis for tax purposes shall be computed by reference to the propertys Book Value in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g).

(v) To the extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any asset of the Company pursuant to Code Sections 732(d), 734(b)
or 743(b) is required, pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m), to be taken into account in determining Capital Accounts, the amount of such adjustment to the Capital Accounts shall
be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment decreases such basis). 

Section 5.02 Allocations. Except as otherwise provided in Section 5.03 and
Section 5.04, Net Profits and Net Losses for any Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period (and to the extent determined necessary and appropriate by the Manager to achieve the resulting Capital Account balances described below,
any allocable items of gross income, gain, loss and expense includable in the computation of Profits and Losses) shall be allocated among the Members in a manner such that, after giving effect to the special allocations set forth in
Section 5.03 and all Distributions through the end of such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period, the Capital Account balances of the Members are, as nearly as possible, pro rata in accordance with their respective Percentage Interests. 

Section 5.03 Regulatory Allocations. 

(a) Losses attributable to partner nonrecourse debt (as defined in Treasury Regulation
Section 1.704-2(b)(4)) shall be allocated in the manner required by Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i). If there is a net decrease during a Taxable Year or
other Fiscal Period in partner nonrecourse debt minimum gain (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(3)), Profits for such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period (and, if necessary, for
subsequent Taxable Years or other Fiscal Periods) shall be allocated to the Members in the amounts and of such character as determined according to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(4).

27 

(b) Nonrecourse deductions (as determined according to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(b)(4)) for any Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period shall be allocated pro rata among the Members in accordance with their Percentage Interests. Except as otherwise provided in
Section 5.03(a), if there is a net decrease in the Minimum Gain during any Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period, each Member shall be allocated Profits for such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period (and, if necessary, for
subsequent Taxable Years or other Fiscal Periods) in the amounts and of such character as determined according to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f). This Section 5.03(b) is
intended to be a minimum gain chargeback provision that complies with the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f), and shall be interpreted in a manner consistent therewith. 

(c) If any Member that unexpectedly receives an adjustment, allocation or Distribution described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6) has an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit as of the end of any Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period, computed after the application of Sections 5.03(a) and
5.03(b) but before the application of any other provision of this Article V, then Profits for such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period shall be allocated to such Member in proportion to, and to the extent of, such Adjusted Capital
Account Deficit. This Section 5.03(c) is intended to be a qualified income offset provision as described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be
interpreted in a manner consistent therewith. 

(d) If the allocation of Net Losses to a Member as provided in
Section 5.02 would create or increase an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit, there shall be allocated to such Member only that amount of Losses as will not create or increase an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit. The Net
Losses that would, absent the application of the preceding sentence, otherwise be allocated to such Member shall be allocated to the other Members in accordance with their relative Percentage Interests, subject to this
Section 5.03(d). 

(e) Profits and Losses described in Section 5.01)(b)(v) shall be
allocated in a manner consistent with the manner that the adjustments to the Capital Accounts are required to be made pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(j), (k) and (m). 

(f) The allocations set forth in Section 5.03(a) through and including Section 5.03(e)
(the Regulatory Allocations)are intended to comply with certain requirements of Sections 1.704-1(b) and 1.704-2 of the Treasury
Regulations. The Regulatory Allocations may not be consistent with the manner in which the Members intend to allocate Profit and Loss of the Company or make Distributions. Accordingly, notwithstanding the other provisions of this Article V,
but subject to the Regulatory Allocations, income, gain, deduction and loss with respect to the Company shall be reallocated among the Members so as to eliminate the effect of the Regulatory Allocations and thereby cause the respective Capital
Accounts of the Members to be in the amounts (or as close thereto as possible) they would have been if Profit and Loss (and such other items of income, gain, deduction and loss) had been allocated without reference to the Regulatory Allocations. In
general, the Members anticipate that this will be accomplished by specially allocating other Profit and Loss (and such other items of income, gain, deduction and 

28 

loss) among the Members so that the net amount of the Regulatory Allocations and such special allocations to each such Member is zero. In addition, if in any Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period
there is a decrease in partnership minimum gain, or in partner nonrecourse debt minimum gain, and application of the minimum gain chargeback requirements set forth in Section 5.03(a) or
Section 5.03(b) would cause a distortion in the economic arrangement among the Members, the Members may, if they do not expect that the Company will have sufficient other income to correct such distortion, request the
Internal Revenue Service to waive either or both of such minimum gain chargeback requirements. If such request is granted, this Agreement shall be applied in such instance as if it did not contain such minimum gain chargeback requirement. 

Section 5.04 Final Allocations. 

(a) Notwithstanding any contrary provision in this Agreement except Section 5.03, the Manager shall make appropriate
adjustments to allocations of Profits and Losses to (or, if necessary, allocate items of gross income, gain, loss or deduction of the Company among) the Members upon the liquidation of the Company (within the meaning of Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g) of the Treasury Regulations), the transfer of substantially all the Units (whether by sale or exchange or merger) or sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Company, such
that, to the maximum extent possible, the Capital Accounts of the Members are proportionate to their Percentage Interests. In each case, such adjustments or allocations shall occur, to the maximum extent possible, in the Taxable Year of the event
requiring such adjustments or allocations. 

Section 5.05 Tax Allocations. 

(a) Except as provided in Section 5.05(b), Section 5.05(c) and
Section 5.05(d), the income, gains, losses, deductions and credits of the Company will be allocated, for U.S. federal, state and local income tax purposes, among the Members in accordance with the allocation of such income,
gains, losses, deductions and credits among the Members for computing their Capital Accounts; provided that if any such allocation is not permitted by the Code or other applicable Law, the Companys subsequent income, gains, losses,
deductions and credits will be allocated among the Members so as to reflect as nearly as possible the allocation set forth herein in computing their Capital Accounts. 

(b) Items of taxable income, gain, loss and deduction of the Company with respect to any property contributed to the capital of the Company
shall be allocated among the Members in accordance with Code Section 704(c) so as to take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such property to the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes and its Book Value using the
traditional method with curative allocations set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-3(c), with the curative allocations applied only to gain from the sale of assets of the Company, and otherwise
using any reasonable method permissible under the Treasury Regulations as selected by the Company. 

29 

(c) If the Book Value of any asset of the Company is adjusted pursuant to
Section 5.01(b), including adjustments to the Book Value of any asset of the Company in connection with the execution of this Agreement, subsequent allocations of items of taxable income, gain, loss and deduction with
respect to such asset shall take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes and its Book Value using the traditional method with curative allocations as set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-3(c), with the curative allocations applied only to gain from the sale of assets of the Company, and otherwise using any reasonable method permissible under the Treasury Regulations as selected by
the Company. 

(d) Allocations of tax credits, tax credit recapture, and any items related thereto shall be allocated to the Members as
determined by the Manager taking into account the principles of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(4)(ii).

(e) For purposes of determining a Members share of the Companys excess nonrecourse liabilities within the meaning of
Treasury Regulation Section 1.752-3(a)(3), each Members interest in income and gain shall be determined pursuant to any proper method, as reasonably determined by the Manager; provided, that
each year the Manager shall use its reasonable best efforts (using in all instances any proper method, including without limitation the additional method described in Treasury Regulation
Section 1.752-3(a)(3)) to allocate a sufficient amount of the excess nonrecourse liabilities to those Members who would have at the end of the applicable Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period, but
for such allocation, taxable income due to the deemed distribution of money to such Member pursuant to Section 752(b) of the Code that is in excess of such Members adjusted tax basis in its Units. 

(f) Allocations pursuant to this Section 5.05 are solely for purposes of U.S. federal, state and local taxes and
shall not affect, or in any way be taken into account in computing, any Members Capital Account or share of Profits, Losses, Distributions or other items of the Company pursuant to any provision of this Agreement. 

Section 5.06 Indemnification and Reimbursement for Payments on Behalf of a Member. If the Company is obligated to pay any amount
to a Governmental Entity (or otherwise makes a payment to a Governmental Entity) that is specifically attributable to a Member or a Members status as such (including U.S. federal income taxes, additions to tax, interest and penalties as a
result of obligations of the Company pursuant to the Partnership Tax Audit Rules, U.S. federal withholding taxes, state personal property taxes and state unincorporated business taxes, but excluding payments such as payroll taxes, withholding taxes,
benefits or professional association fees and the like required to be made or made voluntarily by the Company on behalf of any Member based upon such Members status as an employee of the Company), then such Member shall indemnify the Company
in full for the entire amount paid (including interest, penalties and related expenses). The Manager may offset Distributions to which a Member is otherwise entitled under this Agreement against such Members obligation to indemnify the Company
under this Section 5.06 and such Member shall be treated as receiving the full amount of such offset or withholding for the purposes of this Agreement. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, each Member
agrees that any Cash Settlement such Member is entitled to receive pursuant to Article XI may be offset by an amount equal to such Members obligation to indemnify the Company under this Section 5.06 and that
such Member shall be treated as receiving the full amount of such Cash Settlement and paying to the Company an amount equal to such obligation. A Members obligation to make payments to the Company under this
Section 5.06 shall survive the transfer or termination of any Members interest in any Units of the Company, the termination of this Agreement and the dissolution, liquidation, winding up and

30 

termination of the Company. In the event that the Company has been terminated prior to the date such payment is due, such Member shall make such payment to the Manager (or its designee), which
shall distribute such funds in accordance with this Agreement. The Company may pursue and enforce all rights and remedies it may have against each Member under this Section 5.06, including instituting a lawsuit to collect
such contribution with interest calculated at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Base Rate plus 300 basis points (but not in excess of the highest rate per annum permitted by Law). Each Member hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable
efforts to furnish to the Company such information and forms as required or reasonably requested in order to comply with any Laws and regulations governing withholding of tax or in order to claim any reduced rate of, or exemption from, withholding
to which the Member is legally entitled. The Company may withhold any amount that it determines is required to be withheld from any amount otherwise payable to any Member hereunder, and any such withheld amount shall be deemed to have been paid to
such Member for purposes of this Agreement. 

ARTICLE VI 

MANAGEMENT 

Section 6.01
Authority of Manager; Officer Delegation. 

(a) Except for situations in which the approval of any Member(s) is specifically
required by this Agreement, (i) all management powers over the business and affairs of the Company shall be exclusively vested in the Corporation, as the sole managing member of the Company (the Corporation, in such capacity, the
Manager),(ii) the Manager shall conduct, direct and exercise full control over all activities of the Company and (iii) no other Member shall have any right, authority or power to vote, consent or
approve any matter, whether under the Delaware Act, this Agreement or otherwise. The Manager shall be the manager of the Company for the purposes of the Delaware Act. Except as otherwise expressly provided for herein and subject to the
other provisions of this Agreement, the Members hereby consent to the exercise by the Manager of all such powers and rights conferred on the Members by the Delaware Act with respect to the management and control of the Company. Any vacancies in the
position of Manager shall be filled in accordance with Section 6.04.

(b) Without limiting the authority of the
Manager to act on behalf of the Company, the day-to-day business and operations of the Company shall be overseen and implemented by officers of the Company (each, an
Officerand collectively, the Officers),subject to the limitations imposed by the Manager. An Officer may, but need not, be a Member. Each Officer shall be
appointed by the Manager and shall hold office until his or her successor shall be duly designated and shall qualify or until his or her death or until he or she shall resign or shall have been removed in the manner hereinafter provided. Any one
Person may hold more than one office. Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement (including in Section 6.07 below), the salaries or other compensation, if any, of the Officers of the Company shall be fixed from time
to time by the Manager. The authority and responsibility of the Officers shall be limited to such duties as the Manager may, from time to time, delegate to them. Unless the Manager decides otherwise, if the title is one commonly used for officers of
a business corporation formed under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the assignment of such title shall constitute the delegation to such person of the authorities and duties that are normally associated with that office. All
Officers shall be, and shall be deemed to be, officers and employees of the Company. An Officer may also perform one or more roles as an officer of the Manager. Any Officer may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Manager. 

31 

(c) Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the Manager shall have the power and
authority to effectuate the sale, lease, transfer, exchange or other disposition of any, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (including the exercise or grant of any conversion, option, privilege or subscription right or any other
right available in connection with any assets at any time held by the Company) or the merger, consolidation, conversion, division, reorganization or other combination of the Company with or into another entity, for the avoidance of doubt, without
the prior consent of any Member or any other Person being required. 

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, neither
the Manager nor any Officer authorized by the Manager shall have the authority, on behalf of the Company, either directly or indirectly, without the prior approval of the Manager and the holders of a majority of the Common Units then outstanding
(excluding all Common Units held directly or indirectly by the Corporation), to take any action that would result in the failure of the Company to be taxable as a partnership for purposes of U.S. federal income tax, or take any position inconsistent
with treating the Company as a partnership for purposes of U.S. federal income tax, except as required by Law. 

Section 6.02
Actions of the Manager. The Manager may act through any Officer or through any other Person or Persons to whom authority and duties have been delegated pursuant to Section 6.07. 

Section 6.03 Resignation; No Removal. The Manager may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Members. Unless otherwise
specified in the notice, the resignation shall take effect upon receipt thereof by the Members, and the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. For the avoidance of doubt, the Members have no right under this
Agreement to remove or replace the Manager. 

Section 6.04 Vacancies. Vacancies in the position of Manager occurring for any
reason shall be filled by the Corporation (or, if the Corporation has ceased to exist without any successor or assign, then by the holders of a majority in interest of the voting capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior to such cessation).
For the avoidance of doubt, the Members (other than the Corporation) have no right under this Agreement to fill any vacancy in the position of Manager. 

Section 6.05 Transactions Between the Company and the Manager. The Manager may cause the Company to contract and deal with the
Manager, or any Affiliate of the Manager, provided, that such contracts and dealings (other than contracts and dealings between the Company and its Subsidiaries) are on terms comparable to and competitive with those available to the Company
from others dealing at arms length or are approved by the Members and otherwise are permitted by the Credit Agreements; provided that the foregoing shall in no way limit the Managers rights under Sections 3.02, 3.04,
3.05 or 3.10. The Members hereby approve each of the contracts or agreements between or among the Manager, the Company and their respective Affiliates entered into on or prior to the date of this Agreement in accordance with the
Initial LLC Agreement or that the board of managers of the Company or the Corporate Board has approved in connection with the IPO Liquidating Distributions, the IPO Unit Redemption, the Recapitalization or the IPO as of the date of this Agreement,
including, but not limited to, the Master Reorganization Agreement. 

32 

Section 6.06 Reimbursement for Expenses. The Manager shall not be compensated
for its services as Manager of the Company except as expressly provided in this Agreement. The Members acknowledge and agree that, upon consummation of the IPO, the Managers Class A Common Stock will be publicly traded and, therefore, the
Manager will have access to the public capital markets and that such status and the services performed by the Manager will inure to the benefit of the Company and all Members; therefore, the Manager shall be reimbursed by the Company for any
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred on behalf of the Company, including without limitation all fees, expenses and costs associated with the IPO and all fees,
expenses and costs of being a public company (including without limitation public reporting obligations, proxy statements, stockholder meetings, stock repurchase excise taxes, Stock Exchange (or such other principal United States securities exchange
on which the Class A Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading) fees, transfer agent fees, legal fees (including, but not limited to, reasonable and documented legal fees of any Initial Member in connection with the IPO and the transactions
related thereto (not to exceed $400,000 per any Initial Member without the prior written approval of the Company), which each of the Members agree shall be paid by either the Company or the Manager on behalf of such Initial Members), SEC and FINRA
filing fees and offering expenses) and maintaining its corporate existence. In the event that shares of Class A Common Stock are sold to underwriters in the IPO (or in any Secondary Offering) at a price per share that is lower than the price
per share for which such shares of Class A Common Stock are sold to the public in the IPO (or in such Secondary Offering, as applicable) after taking into account underwriters discounts or commissions and brokers fees or commissions
(such difference, the Discount)(i) the Manager shall be deemed to have contributed to the Company in exchange for newly issued Common Units the full amount for which such shares of Class A Common Stock were
sold to the public and (ii) the Company shall be deemed to have paid the Discount as an expense. To the extent practicable, expenses incurred by the Manager on behalf of or for the benefit of the Company shall be billed directly to and paid by
the Company and, if and to the extent any reimbursements to the Manager or any of its Affiliates by the Company pursuant to this Section 6.06 constitute gross income to such Person (as opposed to the repayment of advances
made by such Person on behalf of the Company), such amounts shall be treated as guaranteed payments within the meaning of Code Section 707(c) and shall not be treated as distributions for purposes of computing the Members
Capital Accounts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not bear any income tax obligations of the Manager or any payments made pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

Section 6.07 Delegation of Authority. The Manager (a) may, from time to time, delegate to one or more Persons such authority
and duties as the Manager may deem advisable, and (b) may assign titles (including, without limitation, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, chief operating officer, general counsel, senior vice president, vice
president, secretary, assistant secretary, treasurer or assistant treasurer) and delegate certain authority and duties to such Persons which may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. Any number of titles may be held by the
same individual. The salaries or other compensation, if any, of such agents of the Company shall be fixed from time to time by the Manager, subject to the other provisions in this Agreement. 

33 

Section 6.08 Limitation of Liability of Manager. 

(a) Except as otherwise provided herein or in an agreement entered into by such Person and the Company, neither the Manager nor any of the
Managers Affiliates or Managers officers, employees or other agents shall be liable to the Company, to any Member that is not the Manager or to any other Person bound by this Agreement for any act or omission performed or omitted by the
Manager in its capacity as the sole managing member of the Company pursuant to authority granted to the Manager by this Agreement; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided herein, such limitation of liability shall not apply to
the extent the act or omission was attributable to the Managers willful misconduct or knowing violation of Law or for any present or future material breaches of any representations, warranties or covenants by the Manager or its Affiliates
contained herein or in the Other Agreements with the Company. The Manager may exercise any of the powers granted to it by this Agreement and perform any of the duties imposed upon it hereunder either directly or by or through its agents, and shall
not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such agent (so long as such agent was selected in good faith and with reasonable care). The Manager shall be entitled to rely upon the advice of legal counsel, independent public
accountants and other experts, including financial advisors, and any act of or failure to act by the Manager in good faith reliance on such advice shall in no event subject the Manager to liability to the Company or any Member that is not the
Manager. 

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, whenever this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated herein
provides that the Manager shall act in a manner which is, or provide terms which are, fair and reasonable to the Company or any Member that is not the Manager, the Manager shall determine such appropriate action or provide such terms
considering, in each case, the relative interests of each party to such agreement, transaction or situation and the benefits and burdens relating to such interests, any customary or accepted industry practices, and any applicable United States
generally accepted accounting practices or principles, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or in any agreement contemplated herein or applicable provisions of Law or equity or otherwise. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or in any agreement
contemplated herein or applicable provisions of Law or equity or otherwise, whenever in this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated herein, the Manager is permitted or required to take any action or to make a decision in its sole
discretion or discretion, with complete discretion or under a grant of similar authority or latitude, the Manager shall be entitled to consider such interests and factors as it desires, including its own interests, and
shall have no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting the Company, other Members or any other Person. 

(d) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or in any agreement
contemplated herein or applicable provisions of law or equity or otherwise, whenever in this Agreement the Manager is permitted or required to take any action or to make a decision in its good faith or under another express standard, the
Manager shall act under such express standard and shall not be subject to any other or different standards imposed by this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated herein, 

34 

notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or duty otherwise, existing at Law or in equity, and, notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, so long as the Manager acts in
good faith or in accordance with such other express standard, the resolution, action or terms so made, taken or provided by the Manager shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement or impose liability upon the Manager or any of the Managers
Affiliates and shall be deemed approved by all Members. 

Section 6.09 Investment Company Act. The Manager shall use its best
efforts to ensure that the Company shall not be subject to registration as an investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act. 

ARTICLE VII 

RIGHTS AND
OBLIGATIONS OF MEMBERS AND MANAGER 

Section 7.01 Limitation of Liability and Duties of Members. 

(a) Except as provided in this Agreement or in the Delaware Act, the debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company, whether arising in
contract, tort or otherwise, shall be solely the debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company and no Member or Manager shall be obligated personally for any such debts, obligations, contracts or liabilities of the Company solely by reason of
being a Member or the Manager (except to the extent and under the circumstances set forth in any non-waivable provision of the Delaware Act). Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the failure of the Company to observe any formalities or requirements relating to the exercise of its powers or management of its business and affairs under this Agreement or the Delaware Act shall not be
grounds for imposing personal liability on the Members for liabilities of the Company. 

(b) In accordance with the Delaware Act and the
laws of the State of Delaware, a Member may, under certain circumstances, be required to return amounts previously distributed to such Member. It is the intent of the Members that no Distribution to any Member pursuant to Articles IV or shall
be deemed a return of money or other property paid or distributed in violation of the Delaware Act. The payment of any such money or Distribution of any such property to a Member shall be deemed to be a compromise within the meaning of Section 18-502(b) of the Delaware Act, and, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, any Member receiving any such money or property shall not be required to return any such money or property to the Company or
any other Person, unless such distribution was made by the Company to its Members in clerical error. However, if any court of competent jurisdiction holds that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement, any Member is obligated to make any
such payment, such obligation shall be the obligation of such Member and not of any other Member. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable Law, including Section 18-1101(c) of the Delaware Act, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (but subject, and without limitation, to Section 6.08
with respect to the Manager) or in any agreement contemplated herein or applicable provisions of Law or equity or otherwise, the parties hereto hereby agree that to the extent that any Member (other than the Manager in its capacity as such) (or any
Members Affiliate or any manager, managing member, general partner, director, officer, 

35 

employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of any Member or of any Affiliate of a Member) has duties (including fiduciary duties) to the Company, to the Manager, to another Member, to any Person who
acquires an interest in a Unit or to any other Person bound by this Agreement, all such duties (including fiduciary duties) are hereby eliminated, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and replaced with the duties or standards expressly set forth
herein, if any; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not eliminate the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The elimination of duties (including fiduciary duties) to the Company, the Manager, each of the Members, each
other Person who acquires an interest in a Unit and each other Person bound by this Agreement and replacement thereof with the duties or standards expressly set forth herein, if any, are approved by the Company, the Manager, each of the Members,
each other Person who acquires an interest in a Unit and each other Person bound by this Agreement. 

Section 7.02 Lack of
Authority. No Member, other than the Manager or a duly appointed Officer, in each case in its capacity as such, has the authority or power to act for or on behalf of the Company, to do any act that would be binding on the Company or to make any
expenditure on behalf of the Company. The Members hereby consent to the exercise by the Manager of the powers conferred on them by Law and this Agreement. 

Section 7.03 No Right of Partition. No Member, other than the Manager, shall have the right to seek or obtain partition by court
decree or operation of Law of any property of the Company, or the right to own or use particular or individual assets of the Company. 

Section 7.04 Indemnification. 

(a) Subject to Section 5.06, the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless any Person (each an
Indemnified Person)to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law, as the same now exists or may hereafter be amended, substituted or replaced (but, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in the case
of any such amendment, substitution or replacement only to the extent that such amendment, substitution or replacement permits the Company to provide broader indemnification rights than the Company is providing immediately prior to such amendment),
against all expenses, liabilities and losses (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, excise taxes or penalties) reasonably incurred or suffered by such Person (or one or more of such Persons Affiliates) by reason of the fact that
such Person is or was a Member or an Affiliate thereof (other than as a result of an ownership interest in the Corporation) or is or was serving as the Manager or a director, officer, employee or other agent of the Manager, or a director, manager,
Officer, employee or other agent of the Company or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a manager, officer, director, principal, member, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company,
trust or other enterprise; provided, however, that no Indemnified Person shall be indemnified for any expenses, liabilities and losses suffered that are attributable to such Indemnified Persons or its Affiliates willful misconduct
or knowing violation of Law or for any present or future breaches of any representations, warranties or covenants by such Indemnified Person or its Affiliates contained herein or in Other Agreements with the Company. Reasonable expenses, including out-of-pocket attorneys fees, incurred by any such Indemnified Person in defending a proceeding shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such
proceeding, including any appeal therefrom, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such Indemnified Person is not entitled to be indemnified by the
Company. 

36 

(b) The right to indemnification and the advancement of expenses conferred in this
Section 7.04 shall not be exclusive of any other right which any Person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, agreement, bylaw, action by the Manager or otherwise. 

(c) The Company shall maintain directors and officers liability insurance, or substantially equivalent insurance, at its expense,
to protect any Indemnified Person against any expense, liability or loss described in Section 7.04(a) whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such Indemnified Person against such expense, liability or
loss under the provisions of this Section 7.04. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to purchase and maintain property, casualty and liability insurance in types and at levels customary for companies of
similar size engaged in similar lines of business, as determined in good faith by the Manager, and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to purchase directors and officers liability insurance (including employment
practices coverage) with a carrier and in an amount determined necessary or desirable as determined in good faith by the Manager. 

(d) The
indemnification and advancement of expenses provided for in this Section 7.04 shall be provided out of and to the extent of Company assets only. No Member (unless such Member otherwise agrees in writing or is found in a non-appealable decision by a court of competent jurisdiction to have personal liability on account thereof) shall have personal liability on account thereof or shall be required to make additional Capital
Contributions to help satisfy such indemnity of the Company. The Company (i) shall be the primary indemnitor of first resort for such Indemnified Person pursuant to this Section 7.04 and (ii) shall be fully
responsible for the advancement of all expenses and the payment of all damages or liabilities with respect to such Indemnified Person which are addressed by this Section 7.04.

(e) If this Section 7.04 or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent
jurisdiction, then the Company shall nevertheless indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Person pursuant to this Section 7.04 to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this
Section 7.04 that shall not have been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law. 

Section 7.05 Inspection Rights. Any Member holding at least five (5) percent of the Units or any of their respective
designated representatives, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose any of the foregoing books or records;
provided, that for purposes of this sentence, a proper purpose shall mean any purpose reasonably related to such Persons interest as a Member. In every instance where an attorney or other agent shall be the Person who seeks the right to
inspection, the demand shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the Member. The demand shall be directed to the Company at its registered office in the State
of Delaware or at its principal place of business. 

37 

ARTICLE VIII 

BOOKS, RECORDS, ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS, AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Section 8.01 Records and Accounting. The Company shall keep, or cause to be kept, appropriate books and records with respect to
the Companys business, including all books and records necessary to provide any information, lists and copies of documents required pursuant to applicable Laws. All matters concerning (a) the determination of the relative amount of
allocations and Distributions among the Members pursuant to Articles IV and V and (b) accounting procedures and determinations, and other determinations not specifically and expressly provided for by the terms of this Agreement,
shall be determined by the Manager, whose determination shall be final and conclusive as to all of the Members absent manifest clerical error. 

Section 8.02 Fiscal Year. The Fiscal Year of the Company shall end on December 31 of each year or such other date as may be
established by the Manager. 

ARTICLE IX 

TAX MATTERS 

Section 9.01
Preparation of Tax Returns. The Manager shall arrange for the preparation and timely filing of all tax returns required to be filed by the Company. The Manager shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and deliver (or cause to be
prepared and delivered) to each Member an estimated K-1, including reasonable quarterly estimates of such Members taxable income, gains, losses, deductions or credits for such Fiscal
Year for U.S. federal, and applicable state and local, income tax reporting purposes, at least five (5) days prior to the corporate quarterly estimate payment deadline for U.S. federal income taxes for calendar year filers. The Manager shall
use reasonable efforts to furnish, within one hundred and eighty (180) days of the close of each Taxable Year, to each Member a completed IRS Schedule K-1 (and any comparable state income tax form) and
such other information as is reasonably requested by such Member relating to the Company that is necessary for such Member to comply with its tax reporting obligations. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, in its capacity as Partnership Representative, the Corporation shall have the authority to prepare the tax returns of the Company using such permissible methods and elections as it determines in its reasonable discretion,
including without limitation the use of any permissible method under Section 706 of the Code for purposes of determining the varying Units of its Members. 

Section 9.02 Tax Elections. The Taxable Year shall be the Fiscal Year set forth in Section 8.02, unless
otherwise required by Section 706 of the Code. The Manager shall cause the Company and each of its Subsidiaries that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes to have in effect an election pursuant to Section 754 of
the Code (or any similar provisions of applicable state, local or foreign tax Law) for each Taxable Year. The Manager shall take commercially reasonable efforts to cause each Person in which the Company owns a direct or indirect equity interest
(other than a Subsidiary) that is so treated as a partnership to have in effect any such election for each Taxable Year. Each Member will upon request supply any information reasonably necessary to give proper effect to any such elections. 

38 

Section 9.03 Texas Margin Tax Sharing Arrangement. If applicable Law requires
(a) a Member and (b) the Company to participate in the filing of a Texas margin tax combined group report, the Members agree that the Company shall be responsible for the Companys Texas margin tax liability as determined prior to the
application of any tax credits or similar tax assets generated by and available to any entity included in the combined group that is other than the Company (the Allocable Margin Tax Liability). The Companys Allocable
Margin Tax Liability shall be equal to (i) the Companys Texas margin tax liability determined on a separate company basis (the Stand-Alone Margin Tax Liability), adjusted upward (if a positive number) or downward
(if a negative number) by (ii) the Companys Applicable Share, multiplied by the difference between (A) the sum of the Texas margin tax liability (determined on a separate company basis) of each separate company in the combined group
(the Total Separate Company Margin Tax Liability) and (B) the combined groups Texas margin tax liability; provided, that the Company shall not receive any downward adjustment to its Stand-Alone Margin Tax
Liability for any tax credits or similar tax assets generated by and available to any entity included in the combined group that is other than the Company. For purposes of this Section 9.03, the term Applicable
Share means the proportion, expressed as a percentage, that the Companys Stand-Alone Margin Tax Liability bears to the Total Separate Company Margin Tax Liability. 

Section 9.04 Tax Controversies. The Manager shall cause the Company to take all necessary actions required by Law to designate the
Corporation as the partnership representative of the Company as provided in Section 6223(a) of the Code with respect to any Taxable Year of the Company, and the Corporation is hereby authorized to designate an individual to be the
sole individual through which such entity partnership representative will act (in such capacities, collectively, the Partnership Representative). The Company and the Members shall cooperate fully
with each other and shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the Corporation (or its designated individual, as applicable) to become the Partnership Representative with respect to any taxable period of the Company with respect to which the statute
of limitations has not yet expired (and causing any partnership representative or designated individual designated prior to the Effective Date to resign, be revoked or replaced, as applicable), including (as applicable) by filing certifications
pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 301.6223-1(e)(1) and completing IRS Form 8979. The Partnership Representative shall have the right and obligation to take all actions authorized and required, by
the Code for the Partnership Representative and is authorized and required to represent the Company (at the Companys expense) in connection with all examinations of the Companys affairs by tax authorities, including any resulting
administrative and judicial proceedings, and to expend Company funds for professional services reasonably incurred in connection therewith. Each Member agrees to cooperate with the Company and the Partnership Representative and to do or refrain from
doing any or all things reasonably requested by the Company or the Partnership Representative with respect to the conduct of such proceedings. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, with respect to any audit or other proceeding, the
Partnership Representative shall be entitled to cause the Company (and any of its Subsidiaries) to make any available elections pursuant to Section 6226 of the Code (and similar provisions of state, local and other Law), and the Members shall
cooperate to the extent reasonably requested by the Company in connection therewith. The Company shall reimburse the Partnership Representative for all reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Partnership Representative, including reasonable fees of any professional attorneys, in carrying out its duties as the Partnership

39 

Representative. The provisions of this Section 9.03 and Section 5.06 shall survive the transfer or termination of any Members interest in any Units of the
Company, the termination of this Agreement and the termination of the Company, and shall remain binding on each Member for the period of time necessary to resolve all tax matters relating to the Company, and shall be subject to the provisions of the
Tax Receivable Agreement, as applicable. 

ARTICLE X 

RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF UNITS; CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS 

Section 10.01 Transfers by Members. No holder of Units shall Transfer any interest in any Units, except Transfers
(a) pursuant to and in accordance with Sections 10.02 and 10.09 or (b) approved in advance and in writing by the Manager, in the case of Transfers by any Member other than the Manager, or (c) in the case of Transfers by
the Manager, to any Person who succeeds to the Manager in accordance with Section 6.04. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Transfer shall not include (i) an event that terminates the existence of a Member for
income tax purposes (including, without limitation, a change in entity classification of a Member under Treasury Regulations Section 301.7701-3, a sale of assets by, or liquidation of, a Member pursuant
to an election under Code Sections 336 or 338, or merger, severance, or allocation within a trust or among sub-trusts of a trust that is a Member), but that does not terminate the existence of such Member
under applicable state Law (or, in the case of a trust that is a Member, does not terminate the trusteeship of the fiduciaries under such trust with respect to all the Units of such trust that is a Member) or (ii) any indirect Transfer of Units
held by the Manager by virtue of any Transfer of Equity Securities in the Corporation. 

Section 10.02 Permitted Transfers. The
restrictions contained in Section 10.01 shall not apply to any of the following Transfers (each, a Permitted Transferand each transferee in a Permitted Transfer, a
Permitted Transferee): (i)(A) a Transfer pursuant to a Redemption or Direct Exchange in accordance with Article XI hereof or (B) a Transfer by a Member to the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries or
(ii) a Transfer to an Affiliate of such Member; provided, however, that (x) the restrictions contained in this Agreement will continue to apply to Units after any Permitted Transfer of such Units, and (y) in the case of the
foregoing clause (ii), the Permitted Transferees of the Units so Transferred shall agree in writing to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement, and prior to such Transfer the transferor will deliver a written notice to the Company and the
Members, which notice will disclose in reasonable detail the identity of the proposed Permitted Transferee. In the case of a Permitted Transfer of any Common Units by any Member that is authorized to hold Class B Common Stock in accordance with
the Corporations certificate of incorporation to a Permitted Transferee in accordance with this Section 10.02, such Member (or any subsequent Permitted Transferee of such Member) shall also transfer a number of shares
of Class B Common Stock equal to the number of Common Units that were transferred by such Member (or subsequent Permitted Transferee) in the transaction to such Permitted Transferee. All Permitted Transfers are subject to the additional
limitations set forth in Section 10.07.

40 

Section 10.03 Restricted Units Legend. The Units have not been registered under
the Securities Act and, therefore, in addition to the other restrictions on Transfer contained in this Agreement, cannot be sold unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or if an exemption from such registration is then available with
respect to such sale. To the extent such Units have been certificated, each certificate evidencing Units and each certificate issued in exchange for or upon the Transfer of any Units shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend in
substantially the following form: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE WERE ISSUED ON [____], 20[__], AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT), AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION THEREUNDER. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SPECIFIED IN THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF FLOWCO MERGECO LLC, AS IT MAY BE AMENDED, RESTATED, AMENDED AND RESTATED, OR OTHERWISE MODIFIED
FROM TIME TO TIME, AND FLOWCO MERGECO LLC RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REFUSE THE TRANSFER OF SUCH SECURITIES UNTIL SUCH CONDITIONS HAVE BEEN FULFILLED WITH RESPECT TO ANY TRANSFER. A COPY OF SUCH CONDITIONS SHALL BE FURNISHED BY FLOWCO MERGECO LLC TO THE
HOLDER HEREOF UPON WRITTEN REQUEST AND WITHOUT CHARGE. 

The Company shall imprint such legend on certificates (if any) evidencing Units. The legend
set forth above shall be removed from the certificates (if any) evidencing any Units which cease to be Units in accordance with the definition thereof. 

Section 10.04 Transfer. Prior to Transferring any Units, the Transferring holder of Units shall cause the prospective Permitted
Transferee to be bound by this Agreement and any other agreements executed by the holders of Units and relating to such Units in the aggregate to which the transferor was a party, including without limitation the Stockholders Agreement to the extent
required thereunder (collectively, the Other Agreements),by executing and delivering to the Company counterparts of this Agreement and any applicable Other Agreements. 

Section 10.05 Assignees Rights.

(a) The Transfer of a Unit in accordance with this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of such Transfer (assuming compliance with all
of the conditions to such Transfer set forth herein), and such Transfer shall be shown on the books and records of the Company. Profits, Losses and other items of the Company shall be allocated between the transferor and the transferee according to
Code Section 706, using any permissible method as determined in the reasonable discretion of the Manager. Distributions made before the effective date of such Transfer shall be paid to the transferor, and Distributions made on or after such
date shall be paid to the Assignee. 

(b) Unless and until an Assignee becomes a Member pursuant to Article XII, the Assignee shall
not be entitled to any of the rights granted to a Member hereunder or under applicable Law, other than the rights granted specifically to Assignees pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that, without relieving the Transferring Member
from any such limitations or obligations as more fully described in Section 10.06, such Assignee shall be bound by any limitations and obligations of a Member contained herein by which a Member would be bound on account of
the Assignees Units (including the obligation to make Capital Contributions on account of such Units). 

41 

Section 10.06 Assignors Rights and Obligations. Any Member
who shall Transfer any Unit in a manner in accordance with this Agreement shall cease to be a Member with respect to such Units and shall no longer have any rights or privileges, or, except as set forth in this
Section 10.06, duties, liabilities or obligations, of a Member with respect to such Units or other interest (it being understood, however, that the applicable provisions of Sections 6.08 and 7.04 shall
continue to inure to such Persons benefit), except that unless and until the Assignee (if not already a Member) is admitted as a Substituted Member in accordance with the provisions of Article XII (the Admission
Date),(i) such Transferring Member shall retain all of the duties, liabilities and obligations of a Member with respect to such Units, and (ii) the Manager may, in its sole discretion, reinstate all or any
portion of the rights and privileges of such Member with respect to such Units for any period of time prior to the Admission Date. Nothing contained herein shall relieve any Member who Transfers any Units in the Company from any liability of such
Member to the Company with respect to such Units that may exist as of the Admission Date or that is otherwise specified in the Delaware Act or for any liability to the Company or any other Person for any materially false statement made by such
Member (in its capacity as such) or for any present or future breaches of any representations, warranties or covenants by such Member (in its capacity as such) contained herein or in the Other Agreements with the Company. 

Section 10.07 Overriding Provisions. 

(a) Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any Units in violation of this Agreement (including any prohibited indirect Transfers) shall be, to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, null and void ab initio, and the provisions of Sections 10.05 and 10.06 shall not apply to any such Transfers. For the avoidance of doubt, any Person to whom a Transfer is made or
attempted in violation of this Agreement shall not become a Member and shall not have any other rights in or with respect to any rights of a Member of the Company with respect to the applicable Units. The approval of any Transfer in any one or more
instances shall not limit or waive the requirement for such approval in any other or future instance. The Manager shall promptly amend the Schedule of Members to reflect any Permitted Transfer pursuant to this Article X.

(b) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of
Section 10.01, Section 10.02 and Article XI and Article XII), in no event shall any Member Transfer any Units to the extent such Transfer would: 

(i) result in the violation of the Securities Act, or any other applicable federal, state or foreign Laws; 

(ii) cause an assignment under the Investment Company Act; 

(iii) in the reasonable determination of the Manager, be a violation of or a default (or an event that, with notice or the
lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in an acceleration of any obligation under any Credit Agreement to which the Company or the Manager is a party; provided that the payee or creditor to whom the Company or the
Manager owes such obligation is not an Affiliate of the Company or the Manager; 

42 

(iv) be a Transfer to a Person who is not legally competent or who has not
achieved his or her majority of age under applicable Law (excluding trusts for the benefit of minors); 

(v) cause the
Company to be treated as a publicly traded partnership or to be taxed as a corporation pursuant to Section 7704 of the Code or any successor provision thereto under the Code; 

(vi) result in the Company having more than one hundred (100) partners, within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(1) (determined pursuant to the rules of Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)); or 

(vii) unless approved in advance and in writing by the Manager: (A) in the case of Transfers by any Member controlled,
directly or indirectly, by GEC Advisors LLC, result in such Members controlled, directly or indirectly, by GEC Advisors LLC and their Permitted Transferees (other than the Corporation and its Subsidiaries), in the aggregate, representing more than
fourteen (14) partners of the Company for purposes of the Private Placement Safe Harbor (taking into consideration the anti-abuse rule set forth in Treasury Regulations
Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)); (B) in the case of Transfers by any Member controlled, directly or indirectly, by White Deer Management LLC, result in such Members controlled, directly or indirectly, by White
Deer Management LLC and their Permitted Transferees (other than the Corporation and its Subsidiaries), in the aggregate, representing more than six (6) partners of the Company for purposes of the Private Placement Safe Harbor (taking
into consideration the anti-abuse rule set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)); and (C) in the case of Transfers by any other Member (other than the Corporation and its wholly owned
Subsidiaries or any Member described in the foregoing clauses (A) and (B)), result in a net increase in the number of partners of the Company for purposes of the Private Placement Safe Harbor (taking into consideration the
anti-abuse rule set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)).

(c)
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, in no event shall any Member that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code Transfer any Units, unless such Member and the
transferee have delivered to the Company, in respect of the relevant Transfer, written evidence that all required withholding under Section 1446(f) of the Code will have been done and duly remitted to the applicable taxing authority or duly
executed certifications (prepared in accordance with the applicable Treasury Regulations or other authorities) of an exemption from such withholding; provided, that the Company shall cooperate in the manner set forth in
Section 11.06(a) with any reasonable requests from such Member for certifications or other information from the Company in connection with satisfying this Section 10.07(c) prior to the relevant
Transfer (or Redemption or Direct Exchange, as applicable). 

43 

Section 10.08 Spousal Consent. In connection with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement, any Member who is a natural person will deliver to the Company an executed consent from such Members spouse (if any) in the form of Exhibit B-1 attached hereto or a Members
spouse confirmation of separate property in the form of Exhibit B-2 attached hereto. If, at any time subsequent to the date of this Agreement such Member becomes legally married (whether in the first
instance or to a different spouse), such Member shall cause his or her spouse to execute and deliver to the Company a consent in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit
B-2 attached hereto. Such Members non-delivery to the Company of an executed consent in the form of Exhibit B-1
or Exhibit B-2 at any time shall constitute such Members continuing representation and warranty that such Member is not legally married as of such date. 

Section 10.09 Certain Transactions with respect to the Corporation. 

(a) In connection with a Change of Control Transaction, the Manager shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to require each Member to
effect a Redemption of all or a portion of such Members Units, together with the cancellation of an equal number of shares of Class B Common Stock, pursuant to which such Units will be exchanged for shares of Class A Common Stock (or
economically equivalent cash or securities of a successor entity), mutatis mutandis, in accordance with the Redemption provisions of Article XI (applied for this purpose as if the Corporation had delivered an Election Notice that
specified a Share Settlement with respect to such Redemption) and otherwise in accordance with this Section 10.09(a). Any such Redemption pursuant to this Section 10.09(a) shall be effective
immediately prior to the consummation of such Change of Control Transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be contingent upon the consummation of such Change of Control Transaction and shall not be effective if such Change of Control
Transaction is not consummated) (the date of such Redemption pursuant to this Section 10.09(a), the Change of Control Date). From and after the Change of Control Date, (i) the Units and
any shares of Class B Common Stock subject to such Redemption shall be deemed to be transferred to the Corporation on the Change of Control Date and (ii) each such Member shall cease to have any rights with respect to the Units and any
shares of Class B Common Stock subject to such Redemption (other than the right to receive shares of Class A Common Stock (or economically equivalent cash or equity securities in a successor entity) pursuant to such Redemption). In the
event the Manager desires to initiate the provisions of this Section 10.09, the Manager shall provide written notice of an expected Change of Control Transaction to all Members within the earlier of (x) five (5)
Business Days following the execution of an agreement with respect to such Change of Control Transaction and (y) ten (10) Business Days before the proposed date upon which the contemplated Change of Control Transaction is to be effected,
including in such notice such information as may reasonably describe the Change of Control Transaction, subject to Law, including the date of execution of such agreement or such proposed effective date, as applicable, the amount and types of
consideration to be paid for shares of Class A Common Stock in the Change of Control Transaction and any election with respect to types of consideration that a holder of shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable, shall be entitled to
make in connection with a Change of Control Transaction (which election shall be available to each Member on the same terms as holders of shares of Class A Common Stock). Following delivery of such notice and on or prior to the Change of
Control Date, the Members shall take all actions reasonably requested by the Corporation to effect such Redemption in accordance with the terms of Article XI, including taking any action and delivering any document required pursuant to this
Section 10.09(a) to effect such Redemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Manager requires the Members to exchange less than all of their outstanding Units (and to surrender a corresponding number of
shares of Class B Common Stock for cancellation), each Members participation in the Change of Control Transaction shall be reduced prorata.

44 

(b) In the event that a tender offer, share exchange offer, issuer bid, take-over bid,
recapitalization, or similar transaction with respect to Class A Common Stock (a Pubco Offer)is proposed by the Corporation or is proposed to the Corporation or its stockholders and approved by the
Corporate Board or is otherwise effected or to be effected with the consent or approval of the Corporate Board, the Manager shall provide written notice of the Pubco Offer to all Members within the earlier of (i) five (5) Business Days
following the execution of an agreement (if applicable) with respect to, or the commencement of (if applicable), such Pubco Offer and (ii) ten (10) Business Days before the proposed date upon which the Pubco Offer is to be effected, including
in such notice such information as may reasonably describe the Pubco Offer, subject to Law, including the date of execution of such agreement (if applicable) or of such commencement (if applicable), the material terms of such Pubco Offer, including
the amount and types of consideration to be received by holders of shares of Class A Common Stock in the Pubco Offer, any election with respect to types of consideration that a holder of shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable, shall
be entitled to make in connection with such Pubco Offer, and the number of Units (and the corresponding shares of Class B Common Stock) held by such Member that is applicable to such Pubco Offer. The Members (other than the Manager) shall be
permitted to participate in such Pubco Offer by delivering a written notice of participation that is effective immediately prior to the consummation of such Pubco Offer (and that is contingent upon consummation of such offer), and shall include such
information necessary for consummation of such offer as requested by the Corporation. In the case of any Pubco Offer that was initially proposed by the Corporation, the Corporation shall use reasonable best efforts to enable and permit the Members
(other than the Manager) to participate in such transaction to the same extent or on an economically equivalent basis as the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock, and to enable such Members to participate in such transaction without being
required to exchange Units or shares of Class B Common Stock prior to the consummation of such transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall Common Unitholders be entitled to receive in such Pubco Offer aggregate consideration for
each Common Unit that is greater than the consideration payable in respect of each share of Class A Common Stock in connection with a Pubco Offer (it being understood that payments under or in respect of the Tax Receivable Agreement shall not
be considered part of any such consideration). 

(c) In the event that a transaction or proposed transaction constitutes both a Change of
Control Transaction and a Pubco Offer, the provisions of Section 10.09(a) shall take precedence over the provisions of Section 10.09(b) with respect to such transaction, and the provisions of
Section 10.09(b) shall be subordinate to provisions of Section 10.09(a), and may only be triggered if the Manager elects to waive the provisions of Section 10.09(a). 

45 

ARTICLE XI 

REDEMPTION AND DIRECT EXCHANGE RIGHTS 

Section 11.01 Redemption Right of a Member. 

(a) Each Member (other than the Corporation and its Subsidiaries) shall be entitled to cause the Company to redeem (a
Redemption)all or any portion of its Common Units in whole or in part (the Redemption Right) (i) with respect to an Unrestricted Redemption, at any time and from time to time
following the waiver or expiration of any contractual lock-up period relating to the shares of the Corporation that may be applicable to such Member and (ii) in any other case, during the Quarterly
Redemption Notice Period preceding the desired Redemption Date; provided, (x) with respect to any Redemption, a Member shall be required to redeem at least 41,667 Common Units if a Redemption is for less than all of a Members remaining
Common Units and (y) with respect to any Unrestricted Redemption, other than an Unrestricted Redemption that is in connection with a Permitted Redemption Event, a Member shall not be entitled to request more than one Redemption in any 45-day period or more than five (5) Redemptions in any 12-month period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Member may exercise its Redemption Right with respect to any of
the then-held Common Units of such Member if such Redemption Right is exercised in connection with the valid exercise of such Members rights to have the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable in connection with such Redemption
participate in an offering of securities by the Corporation or any other Member (i.e., piggyback rights) pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement. A Member desiring to exercise its Redemption Right (each, a Redeeming
Member)shall exercise such right by giving written notice (the Redemption Notice)to the Company with a copy to the Corporation. The Redemption Notice shall specify the number of
Common Units (the Redeemed Units)that the Redeeming Member intends to have the Company redeem and the applicable Redemption Date;provided, that the Company, the Corporation and
the Redeeming Member may change the number of Redeemed Units and/or the Redemption Date specified in such Redemption Notice to another number and/or date by mutual agreement signed in writing by each of them; provided, further that in the
event the Corporation elects a Share Settlement in connection with an Unrestricted Redemption, the Unrestricted Redemption may be conditioned (including as to timing) by the Redeeming Member on the closing of a purchase by another Person (whether in
an underwritten offering, tender or exchange offer, or otherwise) of the shares of Class A Common Stock that may be issued in connection with such proposed Unrestricted Redemption. Subject to Section 11.03 and unless
the Redeeming Member timely has delivered a Retraction Notice as provided in Section 11.01(c) or has revoked or delayed a Redemption as provided in Section 11.01(d), on the Redemption Date (to be
effective immediately prior to the close of business on the Redemption Date): 

(i) the Redeeming Member shall Transfer and
surrender, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances (x) the Redeemed Units to the Company (including any certificates representing the Redeemed Units if they are certificated), and (y) a number of shares of Class B Common Stock
(together with any Corresponding Rights) equal to the number of Redeemed Units to the Corporation, to the extent applicable; 

(ii) the Company shall (x) cancel the Redeemed Units, (y) transfer to the Redeeming Member the consideration to which
the Redeeming Member is entitled under Section 11.01(b), and (z) if the Units are certificated, issue to the Redeeming Member a certificate for a number of Common Units equal to the difference (if any) between the
number of Common Units evidenced by the certificate surrendered by the Redeeming Member pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 11.01(a) and the Redeemed Units; and 

(iii) the Corporation shall cancel and retire for no consideration the shares of Class B Common Stock (together with any
Corresponding Rights) that were Transferred to the Corporation pursuant to Section 11.01(a)(i)(y) above. 

46 

(b) The Corporation shall have the option (as determined by at least two (2) of its
independent directors (within the meaning of the rules of the Stock Exchange) who are disinterested), as provided in Section 11.02, to elect to have the Redeemed Units be redeemed in consideration for either a Share
Settlement or a Cash Settlement; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Corporation may elect to have the Redeemed Units be redeemed in consideration for a Cash Settlement only to the extent that the Corporation has cash available in
an amount equal to at least the Redeemed Units Equivalent, which cash was received from a Secondary Offering or, in the case of a Redemption occurring in connection with the closing of the IPO, the IPO. The Corporation shall give written notice (the
Election Notice)to the Company (with a copy to the applicable Redeeming Member) of such election within two (2) Business Days of receiving the Redemption Notice; provided, that if the Corporation
does not timely deliver an Election Notice, the Corporation shall be deemed to have elected the Share Settlement method. If the Corporation elects a Share Settlement (including in connection with a Direct Exchange pursuant to
Section 11.03), the Corporation shall deliver or cause to be delivered the number of shares of Class A Common Stock deliverable upon such Share Settlement as promptly as practicable (but not later than three
(3) Business Days) after the Redemption Date, at the offices of the then-acting registrar and transfer agent of the shares of Class A Common Stock (or, if there is no then-acting registrar and transfer agent of Class A Common Stock,
at the principal executive offices of the Corporation), registered in the name of the relevant Redeeming Member (or in such other name as is requested in writing by the Redeeming Member), in certificated or uncertificated form, as determined by the
Corporation; provided, that to the extent the shares of Class A Common Stock are settled through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company, upon the written instruction of the Redeeming Member set forth in the Redemption Notice, the
Corporation shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to deliver the shares of Class A Common Stock deliverable to such Redeeming Member through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company, to the account of the participant of The
Depository Trust Company designated by such Redeeming Member by no later than the close of business on the Business Day immediately following the Redemption Date. 

(c) In the event the Corporation elects the Cash Settlement in connection with any Unrestricted Redemption, the Redeeming Member may retract
its Redemption Notice by giving written notice (the Retraction Notice)to the Company (with a copy to the Corporation) within three (3) Business Days of delivery of the Election Notice. Subject to the
last two sentences of this Section 11.01(c), if, in the case of a Redemption that is not an Unrestricted Redemption, the Class A Common Stock Value (determined by treating the last full Trading Day that is three Business Days immediately
prior to the applicable Exchange Date as the final measurement date of such five-day period used to calculate the Class A Common Stock Value) decreases by more than 10% from the Class A Common Stock
Value (determined by treating the last full Trading Day that is immediately prior to the date of delivery the applicable Notice of Exchange as the final measurement date of such five-day period used to
calculate the Class A Common Stock Value), the Redeeming Member may elect to retract its Notice by giving written notice of such election (a Restricted Retraction Notice) to the Corporation and the Company no later
than three Business Days prior to the Redemption Date. The timely delivery of a 

47 

Retraction Notice or Restricted Retraction Notice, as applicable, shall terminate all of the Redeeming Members, the Companys and the Corporations rights and obligations under
this Section 11.01 arising from the applicable Redemption Notice or Restricted Retraction Notice (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, from any Redemption Notice or Restricted Retraction Notice not retracted or that may be
delivered in the future). A Redeeming Member may deliver a Restricted Retraction Notice only once in every 12-month period (and any additional Restricted Retraction Notice delivered by such Redeeming Member
within such 12-month period shall be deemed null and void ab initio and ineffective with respect to the revocation of the Exchange specified therein). A Redeeming Member who revokes a Redemption pursuant to a
Restricted Retraction Notice may not participate in the Redemption to occur on the next Quarterly Redemption Date immediately following the Quarterly Redemption Date with respect to which the Restricted Retraction Notice pertains. 

(d) In the event the Corporation elects a Share Settlement in connection with a Redemption, a Redeeming Member shall be entitled to revoke its
Redemption Notice or Restricted Retraction Notice or delay the consummation of a Redemption if any of the following conditions exists: 

(i) any registration statement pursuant to which the resale of the Class A Common Stock to be registered for such
Redeeming Member at or immediately following the consummation of the Redemption shall have ceased to be effective pursuant to any action or inaction by the SEC or no such resale registration statement has yet become effective; 

(ii) the Corporation shall have failed to cause any related prospectus to be supplemented by any required prospectus supplement
necessary to effect such Redemption; 

(iii) the Corporation shall have exercised its right to defer, delay or suspend the
filing or effectiveness of a registration statement and such deferral, delay or suspension shall affect the ability of such Redeeming Member to have its Class A Common Stock registered at or immediately following the consummation of the
Redemption; 

(iv) the Redeeming Member is in possession of any material non-public
information concerning the Corporation, the receipt of which results in such Redeeming Member being prohibited or restricted from selling Class A Common Stock at or immediately following the Redemption without disclosure of such information
(and the Corporation does not permit disclosure of such information); 

(v) any stop order relating to the registration
statement pursuant to which the Class A Common Stock was to be registered by such Redeeming Member at or immediately following the Redemption shall have been issued by the SEC; 

(vi) there shall have occurred a material disruption in the securities markets generally or in the market or markets in which
the Class A Common Stock is then traded; 

48 

(vii) there shall be in effect an injunction, a restraining order or a
decree of any nature of any Governmental Entity that restrains or prohibits the Redemption; 

(viii) the Corporation shall
have failed to comply in all material respects with its obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement, and such failure shall have affected the ability of such Redeeming Member to consummate the resale of Class A Common Stock to be
received upon such Redemption pursuant to an effective registration statement; or 

(ix) the Redemption Date would occur
three (3) Business Days or less prior to, or during, a Redemption Black-Out Period. 

If a
Redeeming Member delays the consummation of a Redemption pursuant to this Section 11.01(d), the Redemption Date shall occur on the fifth (5th) Business Day following the date on which the condition(s) giving rise to such
delay cease to exist (or such earlier day as the Corporation, the Company and such Redeeming Member may agree in writing). 

(e) The number
of shares of Class A Common Stock (or Redeemed Units Equivalent, if applicable) (together with any Corresponding Rights) applicable to any Share Settlement or Cash Settlement shall not be adjusted on account of any Distributions previously made
with respect to the Redeemed Units or dividends previously paid with respect to Class A Common Stock; provided, however, that if a Redeeming Member causes the Company to redeem Redeemed Units and the Redemption Date occurs subsequent to
the record date for any Distribution with respect to the Redeemed Units but prior to payment of such Distribution, the Redeeming Member shall be entitled to receive such Distribution with respect to the Redeemed Units on the date that it is made
notwithstanding that the Redeeming Member Transferred and surrendered the Redeemed Units to the Company prior to such date. 

(f) In the
case of a Share Settlement, in the event a reclassification or other similar transaction occurs following delivery of a Redemption Notice, but prior to the Redemption Date, as a result of which shares of Class A Common Stock are converted into
another security, then a Redeeming Member shall be entitled to receive the amount of such other security (and, if applicable, any Corresponding Rights) that the Redeeming Member would have received if such Redemption Right had been exercised and the
Redemption Date had occurred immediately prior to the record date of such reclassification or other similar transaction. 

(g)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Redemption shall be permitted (and, if attempted, shall be void ab initio) if, in the good faith determination of the Company or of the Corporation, such Redemption would have the effect set forth
in Section 10.01(b)(v) and (vi), or otherwise pose a material risk that the Company would be a publicly traded partnership under Section 7704 of the Code, and the Company or the Corporation may
impose additional restrictions on Redemptions during such taxable year as the Company or the Corporation may determine to be necessary or advisable so that the Company is not treated as a publicly traded partnership under
Section 7704 of the Code. 

49 

(h) For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a
Member shall not be entitled to redeem Redeemed Units to the extent the Corporation determines that such Redemption (i) would be prohibited by law or regulation (including, without limitation, the unavailability of any requisite registration
statement filed under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended) or (ii) would not be permitted under any other agreements with the Corporation or its subsidiaries to which such Member may be party or any written policies of the Corporation
related to unlawful or improper trading (including, without limitation, the policies of the Corporation relating to insider trading). 

Section 11.02 Election and Contribution of the Corporation. Unless the Redeeming Member has timely delivered a Retraction Notice
or Restricted Retraction Notice as provided in Section 11.01(c), or has revoked or delayed a Redemption as provided in Section 11.01(d), subject to Section 11.03 on the
Redemption Date (to be effective immediately prior to the close of business on the Redemption Date) (i) the Corporation shall make a Capital Contribution to the Company (in the form of the Share Settlement or the Cash Settlement, as determined
by the Corporation in accordance with Section 11.01(b)), and (ii) except in connection with a Direct Exchange pursuant to Section 11.03, the Company shall issue to the Corporation a number of
Common Units equal to the number of Redeemed Units surrendered by the Redeeming Member. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, but subject to Section 11.03, in the event that the Corporation
elects a Cash Settlement, the Corporation shall only be obligated to contribute to the Company an amount in respect of such Cash Settlement equal to the Redeemed Units Equivalent with respect to such Cash Settlement, which in no event shall exceed
the amount actually paid by the Company to the Redeeming Member as the Cash Settlement. The timely delivery of a Retraction Notice or Restricted Retraction Notice shall terminate all of the Companys and the Corporations rights and
obligations under this Section 11.02 arising from the Redemption Notice or Restricted Retraction Notice. 

Section 11.03 Direct Exchange Right of the Corporation. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article XI (save for the limitations set forth in
Section 11.01(b) regarding the Corporations option to select the Share Settlement or the Cash Settlement, and without limitation to the rights of the Members under Section 11.01, including
the right to revoke a Redemption Notice), the Corporation may, in its sole and absolute discretion (as determined by at least two (2) of its independent directors (within the meaning of the rules of the Stock Exchange) who are disinterested)
(subject to the timing limitations set forth on such discretion in Section 11.01(b)), elect to effect on the Redemption Date the exchange of Redeemed Units for the Share Settlement or the Cash Settlement, as the case may
be, through a direct exchange of such Redeemed Units and the Share Settlement or the Cash Settlement, as applicable, between the Redeeming Member and the Corporation (a Direct Exchange)(rather than
contributing the Share Settlement or the Cash Settlement, as the case may be, to the Company in accordance with Section 11.02 for purposes of the Company redeeming the Redeemed Units from the Redeeming Member in
consideration of the Share Settlement or the Cash Settlement, as applicable). Upon such Direct Exchange pursuant to this Section 11.03, the Corporation shall acquire the Redeemed Units and shall be treated for all purposes
of this Agreement as the owner of such Units. 

50 

(b) The Corporation may, at any time prior to a Redemption Date (including after delivery of
an Election Notice pursuant to Section 11.01(b)), deliver written notice (an Exchange Election Notice)to the Company and the Redeeming Member setting forth its election to exercise
its right to consummate a Direct Exchange; provided, that such election is subject to the limitations set forth in Section 11.01(b) and does not unreasonably prejudice the ability of the parties to consummate a
Redemption or Direct Exchange on the Redemption Date. An Exchange Election Notice may be revoked by the Corporation at any time; provided, that any such revocation does not unreasonably prejudice the ability of the parties to consummate a
Redemption or Direct Exchange on the Redemption Date. The right to consummate a Direct Exchange in all events shall be exercisable for all of the Redeemed Units that would have otherwise been subject to a Redemption. 

(c) Except as otherwise provided by this Section 11.03, a Direct Exchange shall be consummated pursuant to the same
timeframe as the relevant Redemption would have been consummated if the Corporation had not delivered an Exchange Election Notice and as follows: 

(i) the Redeeming Member shall transfer and surrender, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances (x) the Redeemed Units
and (y) a number of shares of Class B Common Stock (together with any Corresponding Rights) equal to the number of Redeemed Units, to the extent applicable, in each case, to the Corporation; 

(ii) the Corporation shall (x) pay to the Redeeming Member the Share Settlement or the Cash Settlement, as applicable, and
(y) cancel and retire for no consideration the shares of Class B Common Stock (together with any Corresponding Rights) that were Transferred to the Corporation pursuant to Section 11.03(c)(i)(y) above; and 

(iii) the Company shall (x) register the Corporation as the owner of the Redeemed Units and (y) if the Units are
certificated, issue to the Redeeming Member a certificate for a number of Common Units equal to the difference (if any) between the number of Common Units evidenced by the certificate surrendered by the Redeeming Member pursuant to
Section 11.03(c)(i)(x) and the Redeemed Units, and issue to the Corporation a certificate for the number of Redeemed Units. 

Section 11.04 Reservation of shares of Class A Common Stock; Listing; Certificate of the Corporation.

(a) At all times the Corporation shall reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued Class A Common Stock, solely for the
purpose of issuance upon a Share Settlement in connection with a Redemption or Direct Exchange, such number of shares of Class A Common Stock as shall be issuable upon any such Share Settlement pursuant to a Redemption or Direct Exchange;
provided that nothing contained herein shall be construed to preclude the Corporation from satisfying its obligations in respect of any such Share Settlement pursuant to a Redemption or Direct Exchange by delivery of purchased Class A
Common Stock (which may or may not be held in the treasury of the Corporation) or by way of Cash Settlement. The Corporation shall deliver Class A Common Stock that has been registered under the Securities Act with respect to any Share
Settlement pursuant to a Redemption or Direct Exchange to the extent a registration statement is effective and available with respect to such shares; provided, all such unregistered shares of Class A Common Stock (if any) shall be
entitled to the registration 

51 

rights set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement if the holders thereof are party to the Registration Rights Agreement and have such rights thereunder. The Corporation shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to list the Class A Common Stock required to be delivered upon any such Share Settlement pursuant to a Redemption or Direct Exchange prior to such delivery upon each national securities exchange upon which the
outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock are listed at the time of such Share Settlement pursuant to a Redemption or Direct Exchange (it being understood that any such shares may be subject to transfer restrictions under applicable securities
Laws). The Corporation covenants that all shares of Class A Common Stock issued in connection with a Share Settlement pursuant to a Redemption or Direct Exchange will, upon issuance, be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The provisions of this Article XI shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with any corresponding provisions of the Corporations certificate of incorporation (if any).

(b) Prior to any Redemption or Direct Exchange effected pursuant to this Agreement, the Corporation shall take all such steps as may be
required to cause to qualify for exemption under Rule 16b-3(d) or (e), as applicable, under the Exchange Act, and to be exempt for purposes of Section 16(b) under the Exchange Act, any acquisitions from,
or dispositions to, the Corporation of equity securities of Corporation (including derivative securities with respect thereto) and any securities that may be deemed to be equity securities or derivative securities of the Corporation for such
purposes that result from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, by each officer or director of the Corporation, including any director by deputization. The authorizing resolutions shall be approved by either the Corporate Board or a
committee thereof composed solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors (as defined in Rule 16b-3) of the Corporation (with the authorizing resolutions specifying the
name of each such director whose acquisition or disposition of securities is to be exempted and the number of securities that may be acquired and disposed of by each such Person pursuant to this Agreement). 

Section 11.05 Effect of Exercise of Redemption or Direct Exchange. This Agreement shall continue notwithstanding the consummation
of a Redemption or Direct Exchange by a Member and all rights set forth herein shall continue in effect with respect to the remaining Members and, to the extent the Redeeming Member has a remaining Unit following such Redemption or Direct Exchange,
the Redeeming Member. No Redemption or Direct Exchange shall relieve a Redeeming Member, the Company or the Corporation of any prior breach of this Agreement by such Redeeming Member, the Company or the Corporation. 

Section 11.06 Tax Treatment. 

(a) In connection with any Redemption or Direct Exchange, the Redeeming Member shall to the extent it is legally entitled to deliver such
form, deliver to the Manager or the Company, as applicable, a certificate, dated as of the Redemption Date, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Manager or the Company, as applicable, certifying as to such Redeeming Members taxpayer
identification number and that such Redeeming Member is a not a foreign person for purposes of Section 1445 and Section 1446(f) of the Code (which certificate may be an IRS Form W-9 if then
sufficient for such purposes under applicable Law) (such certificate a Non-Foreign Person Certificate). If a Redeeming Member is unable to provide a
Non-Foreign Person Certificate in connection with a Redemption or a Direct Exchange, then (i) such Redeeming Member and the Company shall cooperate to provide any other certification or

52 

determination described in Treasury Regulations Sections 1.1446(f)-2(b) and 1.1446(f)-2(c) or otherwise permitted
under applicable Law at the time of such Redemption or Direct Exchange, and the Manager or the Company, as applicable, shall be permitted to withhold on the amount realized by such Redeeming Member in respect of such Redemption or Direct Exchange to
the extent required under in Section 1446(f) of the Code and Treasury Regulations thereunder after taking into account the certificate or other determination provided pursuant this sentence and (ii) upon request and to the extent permitted
under applicable Law, the Company shall deliver a certificate pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1445-11T(d)(2) certifying that fifty percent (50%) or more of the value of the gross assets of the
Company does not consist of U.S. real property interests (as used in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1445-11T), or that ninety percent (90%) or more of the value of the gross assets of the
Company does not consist of U.S. real property interests plus cash or cash equivalents (as used in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1445-11T);provided, that if the Company is
not legally entitled to provide the certificate described in clause (ii), the Corporation shall be permitted to withhold on the amount realized by such Redeeming Member in respect of such Redemption or Direct Exchange to the extent required under in
Section 1445 of the Code and Treasury Regulations. 

(b) Unless otherwise required by applicable Law, the parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that a Redemption or a Direct Exchange, as the case may be, shall be treated as a direct exchange between the Corporation and the Redeeming Member for U.S. federal and applicable state and local income tax purposes. 

Section 11.07 Company Exchange and Redemption Right. At the discretion of the Corporation, and provided that the Class A
Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading on the Stock Exchange, the Common Units are subject to mandatory Redemption in each of the following circumstances: 

(a) if the Corporation/Company has obtained the consent of each of (i) the holders of a majority of the Common Units then outstanding
(excluding all Common Units held directly or indirectly by the Corporation), (ii) if GEC and its Affiliates collectively then hold, directly or indirectly, more than 5% of the outstanding Common Units in the aggregate, GEC and (iii) if White
Deer and its Affiliates collectively then hold, directly or indirectly, more than 5% of the outstanding Common Units in the aggregate, White Deer, then all Members will be required to redeem all outstanding Common Units then held by the Members;

(b) if (i) the Members (other than the Corporation and its direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiaries) hold less than 10% of the
then-outstanding Common Units and (ii) GEC, White Deer and their respective Affiliates collectively hold, directly or indirectly, less than 5% of the outstanding Common Units in the aggregate, then all Members will be required to redeem all
outstanding Common Units then held by the Members; and 

(c) if at any time either (i) (x) GEC and its Affiliates own less than 5% of
the then outstanding Common Units and (y) White Deer and its Affiliates own less than 5% of the then outstanding Common Units, or (ii) the Company has more than 85 partners, within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(1) (determined pursuant to the rules of Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)), then any or all Members who hold less than 1% of the Common
Units then outstanding (excluding all Common Units held directly or indirectly by the Corporation) will be required to redeem all of their Common Units then held by such Member(s) (the foregoing clauses (a), (b) and (c), a Company
Redemption Right). 

53 

The Company shall exercise the Company Redemption Right by delivering written notice to each Member subject
of the Redemption (the Company Redemption Notice) not later than five (5) Business Days prior to the proposed Redemption Date, which notice shall specify the Redemption Date and whether the redemption shall be effected
through a Cash Settlement, a Share Settlement or a Direct Exchange. The Member whose Common Units are the subject of the Company Redemption Notice shall not have the right to deliver a Retraction Notice or otherwise cancel or reverse the
Companys decision to proceed with the Redemption. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 11.07, the Company Redemption Right shall be settled in accordance with the provisions of this Article XI. Notwithstanding
anything in this Article XI, the Companys right to cause a Redemption and/or Exchange under this Section 11.07 shall apply to any and all Common Units (including those Common Units that are subject to vesting
conditions held by a Member and its Affiliates), and any Shares received in exchange or redemption of any such Common Units which are subject to vesting conditions shall be subject to the same vesting conditions and in the same proportions as such
Common Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Common Units shall in no event be subject to a Company Redemption Right unless, in the event of a Share Settlement of such Company Redemption Right, (x) there is an active shelf registration
statement in effect with respect to all of the Common Units that would be subject to Redemption and (y) the Class A Common Stock issuable in connection with such Redemption shall not be subject to any lockup or other restrictions on
Transfer. 

ARTICLE XII 

ADMISSION OF MEMBERS 

Section 12.01 Substituted Members. Subject to the provisions of Article X hereof, in connection with the Permitted Transfer
of a Unit hereunder, the Permitted Transferee shall become a Substituted Member on the effective date of such Transfer, which effective date shall not be earlier than the date of compliance with the conditions to such Transfer, and such admission
shall be shown on the books and records of the Company, including the Schedule of Members. 

Section 12.02 Additional Members.
Subject to the provisions of Article X hereof, any Person that is not a Member as of the Effective Date may be admitted to the Company as an additional Member (any such Person, an Additional Member)only upon furnishing to the Manager (a) duly executed Joinder and counterparts to any applicable Other Agreements and (b) such other documents or instruments as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to effect such
Persons admission as aMember (including entering into such documents as may reasonably be requested by the Manager). Such admission shall become effective on the date on which the Manager determines in its sole discretion that
such conditions have been satisfied and when any such admission is shown on the books and records of the Company, including the Schedule of Members. 

54 

ARTICLE XIII 

WITHDRAWAL AND RESIGNATION; TERMINATION OF RIGHTS 

Section 13.01 Withdrawal and Resignation of Members. Except in the event of Transfers pursuant to
Section 10.06 and the Managers right to resign pursuant to Section 6.03, no Member shall have the power or right to withdraw or otherwise resign as a Member from the Company prior to the
dissolution and winding up of the Company pursuant to Article XIV. Any Member, however, that attempts to withdraw or otherwise resign as a Member from the Company without the prior written consent of the Manager upon or following the
dissolution and winding up of the Company pursuant to Article XIV, but prior to such Member receiving the full amount of Distributions from the Company to which such Member is entitled pursuant to Article XIV, shall be liable to the
Company for all damages (including all lost profits and special, indirect and consequential damages) directly or indirectly caused by the withdrawal or resignation of such Member. Upon a Transfer of all of a Members Units in a Transfer
permitted by this Agreement, subject to the provisions of Section 10.06, such Member shall cease to be a Member. 

ARTICLE XIV 

DISSOLUTION AND
LIQUIDATION 

Section 14.01 Dissolution. The Company shall not be dissolved by the admission of Additional Members or
Substituted Members or the attempted withdrawal, removal, dissolution, Bankruptcy or resignation of a Member. The Company shall dissolve, and its affairs shall be wound up, upon: 

(a) the decision of the Manager together with the written approval of the Common Unitholders holding a majority of the Common Units to dissolve
the Company (excluding for purposes of such calculation the Corporation and all Common Units held directly or indirectly by it); 

(b) a
dissolution of the Company under Section 18-801(4) of the Delaware Act, unless the Company is continued without dissolution pursuant thereto; or 

(c) the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution of the Company under Section 18-802 of the
Delaware Act. 

Except as otherwise set forth in this Article XIV, the Company is intended to have perpetual existence. An Event of Withdrawal shall
not in and of itself cause a dissolution of the Company and the Company shall continue in existence subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

Section 14.02 Winding up. Subject to Section 14.05, on dissolution of the Company, the Manager shall act
as liquidating trustee or may appoint one or more Persons as liquidating trustee (each such Person, a Liquidator). The Liquidators shall proceed diligently to wind up the affairs of the Company and make final
distributions as provided herein and in the Delaware Act. The costs of liquidation shall be borne as an expense of the Company. Until final distribution, the Liquidators shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, continue to operate
the properties of the Company with all of the power and authority of the Manager. The steps to be accomplished by the Liquidators are as follows: 

(a) as promptly as possible after dissolution and again after final liquidation, the Liquidators shall cause a proper accounting to be made by
a recognized firm of certified public accountants of the Companys assets, liabilities and operations through the last day of the calendar month in which the dissolution occurs or the final liquidation is completed, as applicable; 

55 

(b) the Liquidators shall pay, satisfy or discharge from the Companys funds, or
otherwise make adequate provision for payment and discharge thereof (including, without limitation, the establishment of a cash fund for contingent, conditional and unmatured liabilities in such amount and for such term as the liquidators may
reasonably determine) the following: first, all of the debts, liabilities and obligations of the Company owed to creditors other than the Members in satisfaction of the liabilities of the Company (whether by payment or the making of reasonable
provision for payment thereof), including all expenses incurred in connection with the liquidations; and second, all of the debts, liabilities and obligations of the Company owed to the Members (other than any payments or distributions owed to such
Members in their capacity as Members pursuant to this Agreement); and 

(c) following any payments pursuant to the foregoing
Section 14.02(b), all remaining assets of the Company shall be distributed to the Members in accordance with Section 4.01(a) by the end of the Taxable Year during which the liquidation of the
Company occurs (or, if later, by ninety (90) days after the date of the liquidation). 

The distribution of cash and/or property to
the Members in accordance with the provisions of this Section 14.02 and Section 14.03 below shall constitute a complete return to the Members of their Capital Contributions, a complete distribution
to the Members of their interest in the Company and all of the Companys property and shall constitute a compromise to which all Members have consented within the meaning of the Delaware Act. To the extent that a Member returns funds to the
Company, it has no claim against any other Member for those funds. 

Section 14.03 Deferment Distribution in Kind.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 14.02, but subject to the order of priorities set forth therein, if upon dissolution of the Company the Liquidators determine that an immediate sale of part or all of the
Companys assets would be impractical or would cause undue loss (or would otherwise not be beneficial) to the Members, the Liquidators may, in their sole discretion and the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, defer for a reasonable time
the liquidation of any assets except those necessary to satisfy the Companys liabilities (other than loans to the Company by any Member(s)) and reserves. Subject to the order of priorities set forth in Section 14.02,
the Liquidators may, in their sole discretion, distribute to the Members, in lieu of cash, either (a) all or any portion of such remaining assets in-kind of the Company in accordance with the provisions
of Section 14.02(c), (b) as tenants in common and in accordance with the provisions of Section 14.02(c), undivided interests in all or any portion of such assets of the Company or (c) a
combination of the foregoing. Any such Distributions in-kind shall be subject to (y) such conditions relating to the disposition and management of such assets as the Liquidators deem reasonable and
equitable and (z) the terms and conditions of any agreements governing such assets (or the operation thereof or the holders thereof) at such time. Any assets of the Company distributed in kind will first be written up or down to their Fair
Market Value, thus creating Profit or Loss (if any), which shall be allocated in accordance with Article V. The Liquidators shall determine the Fair Market Value of any property distributed. 

56 

Section 14.04 Cancellation of Certificate. On completion of the winding up of
the Company as provided herein, the Manager (or such other Person or Persons as the Delaware Act may require or permit) shall file a certificate of cancellation of the Certificate with the Secretary of State of Delaware, cancel any other filings
made pursuant to this Agreement that should be canceled and take such other actions as may be necessary to terminate the existence of the Company. The Company shall continue in existence for all purposes of this Agreement until it is terminated
pursuant to this Section 14.04. 

Section 14.05 Reasonable Time for Winding Up. A reasonable time
shall be allowed for the orderly winding up of the business and affairs of the Company and the liquidation of its assets pursuant to Sections 14.02 and 14.03 in order to minimize any losses otherwise attendant upon such winding up.

Section 14.06 Return of Capital. The Liquidators shall not be personally liable for the return of Capital Contributions or
any portion thereof to the Members (it being understood that any such return shall be made solely from assets of the Company). 

ARTICLE XV

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

Section 15.01 Power of Attorney. 

(a) Each Member hereby constitutes and appoints the Manager (or the Liquidator, if applicable) with full power of substitution, as his or her
true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact, with full power and authority in his, her or its name, place and stead, to: 

(i) execute, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file and record in the appropriate public offices (A) this Agreement, all
certificates and other instruments and all amendments thereof which the Manager deems appropriate or necessary to form, qualify, or continue the qualification of, the Company as a limited liability company in the State of Delaware and in all other
jurisdictions in which the Company may conduct business or own property; (B) all instruments which the Manager deems appropriate or necessary to reflect any amendment, change, modification or restatement of this Agreement in accordance with its
terms; (C) all conveyances and other instruments or documents which the Manager deems appropriate or necessary to reflect the dissolution, winding up and termination of the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including a
certificate of cancellation; and (D) all instruments relating to the admission, substitution or resignation of any Member pursuant to Article XII or XIII; and 

(ii) sign, execute, swear to and acknowledge all ballots, consents, approvals, waivers, certificates and other instruments
appropriate or necessary, in the reasonable judgment of the Manager, to evidence, confirm or ratify any vote, consent, approval, agreement or other action which is made or given by the Members hereunder or is consistent with the terms of this
Agreement, in the reasonable judgment of the Manager, to effectuate the terms of this Agreement. 

(b) The foregoing power of attorney is
irrevocable and coupled with an interest, and shall survive the death, disability, incapacity, dissolution, Bankruptcy, insolvency or termination of any Member and the transfer of all or any portion of his, her or its Units and shall extend to such
Members heirs, successors, assigns and personal representatives. 

57 

Section 15.02 Confidentiality.

(a) Each of the Members (other than the Corporation) agrees to hold the Companys Confidential Information in confidence and may not
disclose or use such information except as otherwise authorized separately in writing by the Manager. Confidential Informationas used herein includes all non-public
information concerning the Company or its Subsidiaries including, but not limited to, ideas, financial product structuring, business strategies, innovations and materials, all aspects of the Companys business plan, proposed operation and
products, corporate structure, financial and organizational information, analyses, proposed partners, software code and system and product designs, employees and their identities, equity ownership, the methods and means by which the Company plans to
conduct its business, all trade secrets, trademarks, tradenames and all intellectual property associated with the Companys business. With respect to each Member, Confidential Information does not include information or material that:
(a) is rightfully in the possession of such Member at the time of disclosure by the Company; (b) before or after it has been disclosed to such Member by the Company, becomes part of public knowledge, not as a result of any action or
inaction of such Member in violation of this Agreement; (c) is approved for release by written authorization of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or General Counsel of the Company or of the Corporation, or any other officer
designated by the Manager; (d) is disclosed to such Member or their representatives by a third party not, to the knowledge of such Member, in violation of any obligation of confidentiality owed to the Company with respect to such information;
or (e) is or becomes independently developed by such Member or their respective representatives without use of or reference to the Confidential Information. 

(b) Solely to the extent it is reasonably necessary or appropriate to fulfill its obligations or to exercise its rights under this Agreement,
each of the Members may disclose Confidential Information to its Subsidiaries, Affiliates, partners, directors, officers, employees, counsel, advisers, consultants, outside contractors and other agents, on the condition that such Persons keep the
Confidential Information confidential to the same extent as such Member is required to keep the Confidential Information confidential; provided, that such Member shall remain liable with respect to any breach of this
Section 15.02 by any such Subsidiaries, Affiliates, partners, directors, officers, employees, counsel, advisers, consultants, outside contractors and other agents (as if such Persons were party to this Agreement for
purposes of this Section 15.02).

(c) Notwithstanding Section 15.02(a) or
Section 15.02(b), each of the Members may disclose Confidential Information (i) to the extent that such Member is required by Law (by oral questions, interrogatories, request for information or documents, subpoena,
civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any of the Confidential Information, (ii) for purposes of reporting to its stockholders and direct and indirect equity holders (each of whom are bound by customary confidentiality
obligations) the performance of the Company and its Subsidiaries and for purposes of including applicable information in its financial statements to the extent required by applicable Law or applicable accounting standards; or (iii) to any
bona fide prospective purchaser of the equity or assets of a Member, or the Common Units held by 

58 

such Member (provided, in each case, that such Member determines in good faith that such prospective purchaser would be a Permitted Transferee), or a prospective merger partner of such
Member (provided, that (i) such Persons will be informed by such Member of the confidential nature of such information and shall agree in writing to keep such information confidential in accordance with the contents of this Agreement and
(ii) each Member will be liable for any breaches of this Section 15.02 by any such Persons (as if such Persons were party to this Agreement for purposes of this Section 15.02)).
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, nothing in this Section 15.02 will restrict in any manner the ability of the Corporation to comply with its disclosure obligations under Law, and the extent to which any Confidential
Information is necessary or desirable to disclose. 

Section 15.03 Amendments. Except as otherwise contemplated by this
Agreement, this Agreement may be amended or modified upon the written consent of the Manager, together with the written consent of the holders of a majority of the Common Units then outstanding (excluding all Common Units held directly or indirectly
by the Corporation). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment or modification: 

(a) to this Section 15.03 may
be made without the prior written consent of the Manager and each of the Members; 

(b) to any of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement which terms and conditions expressly require the approval or action of certain Persons may be made without obtaining the consent of the requisite number or specified percentage of such Persons who are entitled to approve or take action on
such matter; and 

(c) to any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement which would (A) reduce the amounts distributable to a
Member pursuant to Articles IV and XIV in a manner that is not pro rata with respect to all Members, (B) increase the liabilities of such Member hereunder, (C) otherwise materially and adversely affect a holder of
Units (with respect to such Units) in a manner materially disproportionate to any other holder of Units of the same class or series (with respect to such Units) (other than amendments, modifications and waivers necessary to implement the provisions
of Article XII) or (D) materially and adversely affect the rights of any Member under Section 3.04, Section 3.05, Section 7.01,
Section 7.04, Article X or Article XI, shall be effective against such affected Member or holder of Units, as the case may be, without the prior written consent of such Member or holder of Units, as the
case may be. 

Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the Manager may make any amendment (i) of an administrative nature that is
necessary in order to implement the substantive provisions hereof, without the consent of any other Member; provided, that any such amendment does not adversely change the rights of the Members hereunder in any respect, or (ii) to
reflect any changes to the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock or the issuance of any other capital stock of the Corporation. 

59 

Section 15.04 Title to Company Assets. Company assets shall be owned by the
Company as an entity, and no Member, individually or collectively, shall have any ownership interest in such assets of the Company or any portion thereof. The Company shall hold title to all of its property in the name of the Company and not in the
name of any Member. All assets of the Company shall be recorded as the property of the Company on its books and records, irrespective of the name in which legal title to such assets is held. The Companys credit and assets shall be used solely
for the benefit of the Company, and no asset of the Company shall be transferred or encumbered for, or in payment of, any individual obligation of any Member. 

Section 15.05 Addresses and Notices. All notices and other communications to be given to any party hereunder shall be sufficiently
given for all purposes hereunder if in writing and delivered by hand, courier or overnight delivery service, or when received in the form of an electronic transmission (receipt confirmation requested), and shall be directed to the address set forth,
or at such address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by prior written notice to the Company or the sending party. 

To the Company: 

Flowco MergeCo
LLC 

c/o Flowco Holdings Inc. 

1300 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 450 

Houston, Texas 77056 

Attn:
Joseph R. Edwards, CEO 

Email: joebob.edwards@flowco-inc.com

with a copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to: 

Sidley Austin LLP 

1000 Louisiana
Street, Suite 5900 

Houston, Texas 77002 

Attn: David C. Buck, John W. Stribling 

E-mail: dbuck@sidley.com; john.stribling@sidley.com; 

To the Corporation: 

Flowco
Holdings Inc. 

1300 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 450 

Houston, Texas 77056 

Attn:
Joseph R. Edwards, CEO 

Email: joebob.edwards@flowco-inc.com

with a copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to: 

Sidley Austin LLP 

1000 Louisiana
Street, Suite 5900 

Houston, Texas 77002 

Attn: David C. Buck, John W. Stribling 

E-mail: dbuck@sidley.com; john.stribling@sidley.com; 

To the Members, as set forth on Schedule 2. 

60 

Section 15.06 Binding Effect; Intended Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns. 

Section 15.07 Creditors. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit of or enforceable by any creditors of
the Company or any of its Affiliates, and no creditor who makes a loan to the Company or any of its Affiliates may have or acquire (except pursuant to the terms of a separate agreement executed by the Company in favor of such creditor) at any time
as a result of making the loan any direct or indirect interest in Profits, Losses, Distributions, capital or property of the Company other than as a secured creditor. 

Section 15.08 Waiver. No failure by any party to insist upon the strict performance of any covenant, duty, agreement or condition
of this Agreement or to exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach thereof shall constitute a waiver of any such breach or any other covenant, duty, agreement or condition. 

Section 15.09 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which will be an original and all of
which together shall constitute one and the same agreement binding on all the parties hereto. 

Section 15.10 Applicable Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. Any suit, dispute, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this
Agreement shall be heard in the state or federal courts of the State of Delaware, and the parties hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court (and of the appropriate appellate courts) in any such suit, action or proceeding and waives
any objection to venue laid therein. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, PROCESS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE SERVED ON ANY PARTY ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD, WHETHER WITHIN OR WITHOUT THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT
(INCLUDING BY PREPAID CERTIFIED MAIL WITH A VALIDATED PROOF OF MAILING RECEIPT) AND SHALL HAVE THE SAME LEGAL FORCE AND EFFECT AS IF SERVED UPON SUCH PARTY PERSONALLY WITHIN THE STATE OF DELAWARE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON SUCH PARTY AT THE ADDRESS REFERRED TO IN SECTION 15.05 (INCLUDING BY PREPAID CERTIFIED MAIL WITH A VALIDATED PROOF OF MAILING RECEIPT), TOGETHER WITH WRITTEN NOTICE OF
SUCH SERVICE TO SUCH PARTY, SHALL BE DEEMED EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON SUCH PARTY. 

Section 15.11 Severability.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable Law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any
applicable Law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or the effectiveness or validity of any provision in any other jurisdiction, and this Agreement will be reformed,
construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 

61 

Section 15.12 Further Action. The parties shall execute and deliver all
documents, provide all information and take or refrain from taking such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the purposes of this Agreement. 

Section 15.13 Execution and Delivery Electronic Signature and Electronic Transmission. This Agreement and any signed agreement or
instrument entered into in connection with this Agreement or contemplated hereby or entered into by the Company in accordance herewith, and any amendments hereto or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by means of an electronic signature
and/or electronic transmission, including by a facsimile machine or via email, shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the
original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument, each other party hereto or thereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and
deliver them to all other parties. No party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the use of electronic signature or electronic transmission to execute and/or deliver a document or the fact that any signature or agreement or
instrument was transmitted or communicated through such electronic transmission as a defense to the formation of a contract and each such party forever waives any such defense. 

Section 15.14 Right of Offset. Whenever the Company or the Corporation is to pay any sum (other than pursuant to Article
IV) to any Member, any amounts that such Member owes to the Company or the Corporation which are not the subject of a good faith dispute may be deducted from that sum before payment. For the avoidance of doubt, the distribution of Units to the
Corporation shall not be subject to this Section 15.14. 

Section 15.15 Entire Agreement. This
Agreement, those documents expressly referred to herein (including the Stockholders Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Tax Receivable Agreement), any indemnity agreements entered into in connection with the Initial LLC Agreement
with any member of the board of directors at that time and other documents of even date herewith embody the complete agreement and understanding among the parties and supersede and preempt any prior understandings, agreements or representations by
or among the parties, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way. For the avoidance of doubt, the Initial LLC Agreement is superseded by this Agreement as of the Effective Date and shall be of no further force
and effect thereafter. 

Section 15.16 Remedies. Each Member shall have all rights and remedies set forth in this Agreement and
all rights and remedies which such Person has been granted at any time under any other agreement or contract and all of the rights which such Person has under any Law. Any Person having any rights under any provision of this Agreement or any other
agreements contemplated hereby shall be entitled to enforce such rights specifically (without posting a bond or other security), to recover damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to exercise all other rights granted
by Law. 

62 

Section 15.17 Descriptive Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings of
this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive part of this Agreement. Whenever required by the context, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms,
and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation. Reference to any agreement, document or
instrument means such agreement, document or instrument as amended or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, and if applicable hereof. Without limiting the generality of the immediately preceding sentence, no
amendment or other modification to any agreement, document or instrument that requires the consent of any Person pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement will be given effect hereunder unless such Person has consented in
writing to such amendment or modification. Wherever required by the context, references to a Fiscal Year shall refer to a portion thereof. The use of the words or, either and any shall not be exclusive. The
parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and
no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 

63 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed or caused to be executed on their behalf
this Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY:

FLOWCO MERGECO LLC

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CORPORATION:

FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC.

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Each of the Flogistix Holders as listed in Schedule II

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Attorney in Fact

[Signature Page to
Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement]

MEMBERS:

Each of the GEC Estis Holders as listed in Schedule II

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Attorney in Fact

Each of the GEC FPS Holders as listed in Schedule II

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Attorney in Fact

[Signature Page to
Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement]

WDE FLOGISTIX AGGREGATE LLC

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its Manager

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to
Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement]

SCHEDULE 1 

SCHEDULE OF PRE-IPO MEMBERS 

Member 

Original Units

GEC Estis Co-invest II LLC 2,762,897

GEC Partners III-B LP 1,153,071

GEC III-B GI Estis Blocker Corp 57,431

Genesis Park II, LP 637,106

John Gatlin 130,095

Chad Roberts 129,298

Christopher D. Courtney 77,101

Will Nelle 48,215

Steve Schwin 14,465

Ryan Reynolds 9,643

Michael Carnes 9,643

Matt Langford 9,643

Joni Rice 9,643

Kelby Danes 9,643

William G. Elmer and Cynthia P. Elmer 7,964

Eric McClure 6,027

GEC Partners III LP 1,307,587

GEC III-GI FPS Blocker Corp 64,901

Max Lift, LLC 230,354

UT GEC Flowco CI LLC 153,564

Forge4 Trust 109,832

Charles Jones 78,991

MSH Trust 70,516

LEH Trust 70,516

Private Advisors Real Assets Fund II, LP 38,363

Reed Collins 36,212

Buddy Davis 33,596

Daniel Isbell 30,299

Terry Tremel 29,164

Cant Touch This, LLC (M. Harlow) 27,566

Hersheys Pot of Gold, LLC (L. May) 27,566

Sean Ratzlaff 22,529

Matt Young 18,140

Charlie Stevens 18,140

Clint Bell 16,798

Tommy Hunt 15,089

Grant Marcoux 14,472

David Dahlgren 13,891

Garrett Boyd 13,125

Joe Irvin 12,771

Darrel Boyd 11,665

Garrett Winford 10,882

John Lee 10,882

Susan Horton 7,616

JD Spencer 7,255

Brandon Dobbs 7,254

Dean Lehner 5,342

Brian McCole 3,246

WDE Flogistix Aggregate LLC 1,571,571

WDE Thunder CV Parallel Intermediate LLC 468,371

Brooks Mims Talton, III 157,396

James A. Merrill 20,664

Drake Andarakes 14,537

Aaron Baker 10,733

Jason Fortner 9,869

Charles Crenshaw 6,230

Kevin Pollard 5,181

Larry W. Brickman 3,824

Denis Mark Baker 3,824

Jonathan David Waggoner 3,824

Shawn Radcliff 3,639

SCHEDULE 2 

SCHEDULE OF MEMBERS 

Member 

Number of

MergeCo

Common

Units 

Address

GEC Estis Co-invest II LLC 19,616,559 

GEC Partners III-B LP 8,186,804 

GEC Partners III-B GI LP 407,760 

Genesis Park II, LP 4,523,453 

John Gatlin 923,675 

Chad Roberts 918,016 

Christopher D. Courtney 547,417 

Will Nelle 342,327 

Steve Schwin 102,702 

Ryan Reynolds 68,465 

Michael Carnes 68,465 

Matt Langford 68,465 

Joni Rice 68,465 

Kelby Danes 68,465 

William G. Elmer and Cynthia P. Elmer 56,544 

Eric McClure 42,792 

GEC Partners III LP 9,283,868 

GEC Partners III GI LP 460,797 

Max Lift, LLC 1,635,513 

UT GEC Flowco CI LLC 1,090,304 

Forge4 Trust 779,807 

Charles Jones 560,836 

MSH Trust 500,664 

LEH Trust 500,664 

Private Advisors Real Assets Fund II, LP 272,377 

Reed Collins 257,105 

Buddy Davis 238,532 

Daniel Isbell 215,123 

Terry Tremel 207,064 

Cant Touch This, LLC (M. Harlow) 195,719 

Hersheys Pot of Gold, LLC (L. May) 195,719 

Sean Ratzlaff 159,956 

Matt Young 128,794 

Charlie Stevens 128,794 

Clint Bell 119,266 

Tommy Hunt 107,132 

David Dahlgren 98,626 

Grant Marcoux 102,751 

Garrett Boyd 93,188 

Joe Irvin 90,674 

Darrel Boyd 82,822 

Garrett Winford 77,262 

John Lee 77,262 

Susan Horton 54,074 

JD Spencer 51,511 

Brandon Dobbs 51,503 

Dean Lehner 37,928 

Brian McCole 23,047 

WDE Flogistix Aggregate LLC 14,483,588 

Brooks Mims Talton, III 1,117,512 

James A. Merrill 146,714 

Drake Andarakes 103,213 

Aaron Baker 76,204 

Jason Fortner 70,070 

Charles Crenshaw 44,233 

Kevin Pollard 36,785 

Denis Mark Baker 27,150 

Jonathan David Waggoner 27,150 

Larry W. Brickman 27,150 

Shawn Radcliff 25,837 

Flowco Holdings Inc. 24,663,991 

Exhibit A 

FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT 

This JOINDER AGREEMENT, dated as of [], 20[] (this Joinder), is delivered pursuant to that certain Second
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of [], 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the LLC Agreement) of Flowco MergeCo LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (the Company), by and among the Company, Flowco Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation and the managing member of the Company (the Corporation), and each of the Members from
time to time party thereto. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the LLC Agreement. 

1. 

Joinder to the LLC Agreement. Upon the execution of this Joinder by the undersigned and delivery hereof
to the Corporation, the undersigned hereby is admitted as and hereafter will be a Member under the LLC Agreement and a party thereto, with all the rights, privileges and responsibilities of a Member thereunder. The undersigned hereby agrees that it
shall comply with and be fully bound by the terms of the LLC Agreement as if it had been a signatory thereto as of the date thereof. 

2. 

Incorporation by Reference. All terms and conditions of the LLC Agreement are hereby incorporated by
reference in this Joinder as if set forth herein in full. 

3. 

Address. All notices under the LLC Agreement to the undersigned shall be direct to:

[Name] 

[Address] 

[City, State, Zip
Code] 

Attn: 

Facsimile:

E-mail:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed and delivered this Joinder as of the day and year first above written. 

[NAME OF NEW MEMBER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Acknowledged and agreed 

as of the date first set forth above: 

FLOWCO MERGECO LLC

By: FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC., its Managing Member

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit B-1 

FORM OF AGREEMENT AND CONSENT OF SPOUSE 

The undersigned spouse of [] (the Member), a party to that certain Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
Agreement, dated as of [], 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement) of Flowco MergeCo LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
Company), by and among the Company, Flowco Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation and the managing member of the Company, and each of the Members from time to time party thereto (capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined
herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Agreement), acknowledges on his or her own behalf that: 

I have read the Agreement and
understand its contents. I acknowledge and understand that under the Agreement, any interest I may have, community property or otherwise, in the Units owned by the Member is subject to the terms of the Agreement which include certain restrictions on
Transfer. 

I hereby consent to and approve the Agreement. I agree that said Units and any interest I may have, community property or
otherwise, in such Units are subject to the provisions of the Agreement and that I will take no action at any time to hinder operation of the Agreement on said Units or any interest I may have, community property or otherwise, in said Units. 

I hereby acknowledge that the meaning and legal consequences of the Agreement have been explained fully to me and are understood by me, and
that I am signing this Agreement and consent without any duress and of free will. 

Dated: []

[NAME OF SPOUSE]

By: 

Name: 

Exhibit B-2

FORM OF SPOUSES CONFIRMATION OF SEPARATE PROPERTY 

I, the undersigned, the spouse of [] (the Member), who is a party to that certain Second Amended and Restated Limited
Liability Company Agreement, dated as of [], 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement) of Flowco MergeCo LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the Company), by and among the Company, Flowco Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation and the managing member of the Company, and each of the Members from time to time party thereto (capitalized terms used but not otherwise
defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Agreement), acknowledge and confirm on that the Units owned by said Member are the sole and separate property of said Member, and I hereby disclaim any interest in same. 

I hereby acknowledge that the meaning and legal consequences of this Members spouses confirmation of separate property have been
fully explained to me and are understood by me, and that I am signing this Members spouses confirmation of separate property without any duress and of free will. 

Dated: []

[NAME OF SPOUSE]

By: 

Name:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>d857846dex105.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.5
<TEXT>
EX-10.5

Exhibit 10.5 

STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT 

OF 

FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC.

THIS STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT, dated as of January 17, 2025 (as it may be amended, amended and restated or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, this Agreement), is entered into by and among Flowco Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), GEC Advisors LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (GEC and the Persons (as defined below) listed on Schedule A hereto, together with GEC, the GEC Parties), and White Deer Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
(White Deer and the Persons (as defined below) listed on Schedule B hereto, together with White Deer, the White Deer Parties and, together with the GEC Parties, the Original
Members). Certain terms used in this Agreement are defined in Section 9. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, each Original Member owns, directly or indirectly, outstanding limited liability company interests in Flowco MergeCo LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (Flowco LLC), which limited liability company interests constitute and are defined as Common Units pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
Agreement of Flowco LLC, dated as of the date hereof, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the LLC Agreement, and such limited
liability company interests, the Common Units); 

WHEREAS, the Corporation is contemplating an offering and sale
of the shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation (the Class A Common Stock) in an underwritten initial public offering (the IPO) and using a portion
of the net proceeds received from the IPO to purchase Common Units; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Common Unit Subscription
Agreement by and between the Corporation and Flowco LLC, dated as of the date hereof (the Common Unit Subscription Agreement), the Corporation will hold Common Units; 

WHEREAS, upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Common Unit Subscription Agreement, it is contemplated that the
Corporation will be admitted as a member, and appointed as the sole managing member, of Flowco LLC; 

WHEREAS, in connection with, and prior to, the consummation of the IPO, it is
anticipated that the Original Members, the Corporation, Flowco LLC and certain of their respective affiliates will enter into a series of related transactions pursuant to which, among other things, the Original Members will become holders of
Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation (the Class B Common Stock); 

WHEREAS, immediately following the consummation of the IPO, certain of the Original Members will be the record holders of shares of
Class B Common Stock; and 

WHEREAS, in order to induce the Original Members (x) to approve the sale and issuance of
Common Units by Flowco LLC to the Corporation and the appointment of the Corporation as the sole managing member of Flowco LLC in connection with the IPO and (y) to take such other actions as shall be necessary to effectuate the transactions
related to the IPO, the parties hereto desire to set forth their agreement with respect to the matters set forth herein in connection with their respective investments in the Corporation. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Corporation and the Original Members agree as follows: 

AGREEMENT 

Section 1. Election of the Board of Directors. 

(a) Subject to the other provisions of this Section 1, the number of Directors constituting the full Board shall
initially be fixed at seven (7); provided, with the consent of GEC, the initial number of directors constituting the full Board may be fixed at eight (8). 

(b) Subject to this Section 1(b), (i) for so long as the GEC Parties and their Affiliates (the GEC
Affiliates) beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate at least twenty percent (20%) of the Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares, GEC shall be entitled to designate for nomination by the Board in any applicable election
that number of individuals, which, assuming all such individuals are successfully elected to the Board, when taken together with any incumbent GEC Director not standing for election in such election, would result in there being two (2) GEC
Directors on the Board and (ii) if at any time, the GEC Affiliates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate less than twenty percent (20%) but at least ten percent (10%) of the Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares, GEC shall
be entitled to designate for nomination by the Board in any applicable election that number of individuals, which, assuming all such individuals 

2 

are successfully elected to the Board, when taken together with any incumbent GEC Director not standing for election in such election, would result in there being one (1) GEC Director on the
Board. The GEC Directors shall be apportioned in Class II and Class III of the three (3) classes of Directors, or if the number of GEC Directors is decreased to one (1) GEC Director, to the applicable class of the remaining GEC
Director after giving effect to the resignation of removal of the other GEC Director in accordance with Section 2. GEC shall not be entitled to designate any individuals in accordance with this
Section 1(b) if at any time the GEC Affiliates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, less than ten percent (10%) of the Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares. Affiliate means any person, directly or
indirectly, controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such other person. 

(c) Subject to this
Section 1(c), (i) for so long as the White Deer Parties and their Affiliates (the White Deer Affiliates) beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate at least ten percent (10%) of the Deemed
Outstanding Class A Shares, White Deer shall be entitled to designate for nomination by the Board in any applicable election that number of individuals, which, assuming all such individuals are successfully elected to the Board, when taken
together with any incumbent White Deer Director not standing for election in such election, would result in there being one (1) White Deer Director on the Board. The initial White Deer Director and any successor shall be apportioned in the
Class III of the three (3) classes of Directors, representing the initial latest year of the separate classes. White Deer shall not be entitled to designate any White Deer Directors in accordance with this
Section 1(c) if at any time the White Deer Affiliates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, less than ten percent (10%) of the Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares. 

(d) Subject to this Section 1(d), (i) for so long as the GEC Affiliates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in
the aggregate at least thirty percent (30%) of the Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares, GEC shall be entitled to designate for nomination by the Board in any applicable election, that number of individuals who satisfy the Independence
Requirements, which, assuming all such individuals are successfully elected to the Board, when taken together with any incumbent GEC-Designated Independent Director not standing for election in such election,
would result in there being at least three (3) Independent Directors on the Board (and to designate for nomination by the Board in any applicable election any other directors intended to qualify as Independent Directors), and (ii) if at
any time, the GEC Affiliates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate less than thirty percent (30%) but at least twenty percent (20%) of the Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares, GEC shall be entitled to designate for nomination
by the Board in any applicable election that number of individuals who each satisfy the Independence Requirements, which, assuming all such individuals are successfully elected to the Board, when 

3 

taken together with any incumbent Independent Director not standing for election in such election, would result in there being two (2) Independent Directors serving on the Board; provided,
at least one of such Independent Directors on the Board or so designated for nomination shall be an audit committee financial expert within the meaning under Regulation S-K under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. For the avoidance of doubt, individuals designated pursuant to this Section 1(d) shall not be counted against the number of GEC Directors that may be designated pursuant to
Section 1(b). GEC shall not be entitled to designate any individuals in accordance with this Section 1(d) if at any time the GEC Affiliates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, less than
twenty percent (20%) of the Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares. 

(e) Subject to the foregoing Sections 1(b), (c), and (d), each
of the Original Members (and any of their respective Permitted Transferees) hereby agrees to vote, or cause to be voted, all outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Class B Common Stock, as applicable, held by such Original
Members (or any of their respective Permitted Transferees) at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation at which Directors of the Corporation are to be elected or removed, or to take all Necessary Action to cause the election
or removal of the GEC Directors, White Deer Directors and Independent Directors as Directors, as provided herein. 

Section 2.
Vacancies and Replacements. 

(a) If the number of Directors that GEC or White Deer have the right to designate to the Board is
decreased pursuant to Section 1(b), Section 1(c), or Section 1(d) (each such occurrence, a Decrease in Designation Rights), the
then-applicable GEC Director(s) or White Deer Director shall be entitled to continue to serve as a director until the end of their applicable term subject to earlier removal by the Board in accordance with the Companys certificate of
incorporation and bylaws and with applicable law, or removal in accordance with Section 1(b). 

(b) Each of GEC
and White Deer shall have the sole right to request that one or more of their respective designated Directors (excluding, for purposes of clarification, any initial Independent Directors during their initial term, but including, for purposes of
clarification, any Independent Directors appointed pursuant to Section 1(d) including, if applicable, any initial Independent Directors so appointed pursuant to Section 1(d) during any subsequent
term), as applicable, tender their resignations as Directors of the Board, in each case, with or without cause at any time, by sending a written notice to such Director and the Corporations Secretary stating the name of the Director or
Directors whose resignation from the Board is requested (the Removal Notice). If the Director subject to such Removal Notice does not resign within thirty (30) days from receipt thereof by such Director, the GEC Parties and
White Deer, as holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, the Corporation and the Board, to the fullest extent 

4 

permitted by law and, with respect to the Board, subject to its fiduciary duties to the Corporations stockholders, shall thereafter take all Necessary Action, including voting in accordance
with Section 1(e) to cause the removal of such Director from the Board (and such Director shall only be removed by the parties to this Agreement in such manner as provided herein). 

(c) Each of GEC and White Deer, as applicable, shall have the exclusive right to designate a replacement Director for nomination or election
by the Board to fill vacancies created as a result of not designating their respective Directors initially or by death, disability, retirement, resignation, removal (with or without cause) of their respective Directors, or otherwise by designating a
successor for nomination or election by the Board to fill the vacancy of their respective Directors created thereby on the terms and subject to the conditions of Section 1. 

Section 3. Initial Directors. 

The initial GEC Directors pursuant to Section 1(b) shall be Jonathan B. Fairbanks (as a Class III Director) and
Alexander Chmelev (as a Class II Director). The initial White Deer Director pursuant to Section 1(c) shall be Ben A. Guill (as a Class III Director). The initial Independent Directors mutually agreed by the
parties hereto shall be Cynthia A. Walker (as Class I Director), and William H. White (as a Class II Director), and Paul Hobby (as a Class III Director). The one (1) remaining initial Director shall be the Chief Executive
Officer, Joseph R. Edwards (as a Class I Director). Jonathan B. Fairbanks shall serve as the initial Chairperson of the Board (as defined in the Bylaws) for his initial term (or for such longer period as GEC Affiliates beneficially own,
directly or indirectly, at least ten (10%) percent of the Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares), in accordance with this Agreement and the Bylaws, after which the Chairperson of the Board shall be determined in accordance with this Agreement and
the Bylaws. 

Section 4. Committees. 

For so long as GEC Affiliates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, at least twenty percent (20%) of the Deemed Outstanding Class A
Shares, with respect to any committee of Directors established by the Board, the Corporation shall cause each Board committee to include (and Board shall designate to such committee), and GEC shall have the right to include, one GEC Director (or, in
the absence of such inclusion, to require the inclusion of an Independent Director designated by GEC) on any committee, subject in each case to such person meeting the appliable requirements for service on such committee as set forth in the listing
rules of the NYSE (or then-applicable exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is listed for trading) and the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

5 

Section 5. Board Observer. 

Until such time as (a) the members of Flowco Production Solutions, L.L.C. who receive Class A Common Stock, Class B Common
Stock and/or MergeCo LLC Interests immediately prior to or as of the effective time of the IPO (excluding any GEC Parties and any institutional investors that initially co-invested concurrently with the GEC
Parties in Flowco Production Solutions, L.L.C.) no longer beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate, at least five percent (5%) of the Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares, GEC shall be entitled to appoint one (1) individual
(such individual, the Observer), who shall initially be Stuart Harlow, to attend all meetings of the Board (including, for the avoidance of doubt, telephonic and video meetings) solely in an observer role; provided (i) the
Observer shall execute and deliver a confidentiality agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Corporation; (ii) the Observer shall not be entitled to vote on any matter submitted to the Board nor to offer any motions or
resolutions to the Board; and (iii) the Board or the Corporation may withhold any information or exclude any Observer from any such meeting or portion thereof, including closing and/or executive sessions, if the Board determines in good faith
that such exclusion is reasonably necessary to preserve attorney-client privilege or under circumstances that present an actual or potential conflict of interest, and the Observer. In connection therewith, the Board of the Corporation shall provide
the Observer with copies of all notices, minutes, consents and other materials that it provides Directors substantially concurrently therewith. 

Section 6. Special Voting Rights of GEC and White Deer. 

(a) In addition to any voting requirements contained in the organizational documents of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries or
controlled affiliates, the Corporation shall not take, and shall cause Flowco LLC and its Subsidiaries and any of the Corporations controlled affiliates not to take, (i) any of the actions set forth in the following clauses without the
prior written approval of (A) GEC, for as long as the GEC Affiliates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate ten percent (10%) or more of the Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares and (B) White Deer, for as long as the
White Deer Affiliates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate ten percent (10%) or more of the Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares: 

(i) the reorganization, recapitalization, voluntary bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or
winding-up of the Corporation, Flowco LLC or any of their respective Subsidiaries; 

6 

(ii) the (i) resignation, replacement or removal of the Corporation as
the sole manager of Flowco LLC or (ii) appointment of any additional Person as a manager of Flowco LLC; 

(iii) the
creation of a new class or series of capital stock or equity securities of the Corporation, Flowco LLC or any of their respective Subsidiaries; 

(iv) any amendment or modification of the Charter or Bylaws of the Corporation (other than in connection with a merger or
acquisition in which the Class A Common Stock of the Corporation is exchanged for cash and/or marketable securities of another entity listed on a national stock exchange); 

(v) any increase or decrease of the size of the Board below seven (7) or above eight (8); 

(vi) any material change to the primary nature of the Corporations and its Subsidiaries business; or 

(vii) any agreement, authorization or commitment to do any of the foregoing. 

(b) No Original Member shall, directly or indirectly, grant any proxy or enter into or agree to be bound by any voting trust, agreement or
arrangement of any kind with respect to its shares of Class A Common Stock if and to the extent the terms thereof conflict with the provisions of this Agreement (whether or not such proxy, voting trust, agreement or agreements are with other
Original Members, holders of shares of Class A Common Stock that are not parties to this Agreement or otherwise). 

Section 7.
Covenants of the Corporation. 

(a) The Corporation agrees to take all Necessary Action to cause (i) the Board to be comprised
at least of seven (7) Directors or such other number of Directors as the Board may determine, subject to the terms of this Agreement (including Section 6(e)), the Charter or the Bylaws of the Corporation; (ii) the
individuals designated in accordance with Section 1 to be included in the slate of nominees to be elected at the next annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation at which Directors are to be elected, in
accordance with the Bylaws, Charter and General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and at each annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation thereafter at which such Directors term expires; (iii) the individuals designated in
accordance with Section 2(c) to fill the applicable vacancies on the Board, in accordance with the Bylaws, Charter, Securities Laws, General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and the NYSE rules; (iv) for so long
as the GEC Affiliates are entitled to designate any individuals to the Board in accordance with Section 1(b) hereof, Jonathan B. Fairbanks to be the Chairperson of the Board and (v) to adhere to, implement and enforce
the provisions set forth in Sections 5 and 6. 

7 

(b) The GEC Parties and White Deer shall comply with the requirements of the Charter and
Bylaws when designating and nominating individuals as Directors, in each case, to the extent such requirements are applicable to Directors generally. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, in the event that the Board determines,
within sixty (60) days after compliance with the first sentence of this Section 7(b), in good faith, after consultation with outside legal counsel, that its nomination, appointment or election of a particular Director
designated in accordance with Section 1 or Section 2, as applicable, would constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties to the Corporations stockholders or does not otherwise comply with any
requirements of the Charter or Bylaws, then the Board shall inform the GEC Parties and/or White Deer, as applicable, of such determination in writing and explain in reasonable detail the basis for such determination and shall, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, nominate, appoint or elect another individual designated for nomination, election or appointment to the Board by the GEC Parties and/or White Deer, as applicable (subject in each case to this
Section 7(b)). The Board and the Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, take all Necessary Action required by this Section 7 with respect to the election of such substitute
designees to the Board. 

(c) The Corporation shall deliver or cause to be delivered the following information to each Original Member, in
each case, for so long as such Original Member or its Affiliates beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate at least one percent (1%) or more of the Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares: (i) as soon as available after the end
of the first, second and third quarterly accounting periods in each fiscal year of the Corporation, and in any event within forty-five (45) days thereafter, an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries as of
the end of each such quarterly period, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries for such quarterly period and for the current
fiscal year to date, together with all related notes and schedules thereto, prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments) and setting forth in comparative
form the figures for the corresponding periods of the previous fiscal year, in reasonable detail and certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, and reviewed by the Corporations independent auditor; (ii) as soon as
available after the end of each fiscal year of the Corporation, and in any event within ninety (90) days thereafter, an audited consolidated balance sheet of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year, and the
related audited consolidated 

8 

statements of operations, stockholders equity, comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries for such year, together with all related notes and
schedules thereto, prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied and setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and accompanied by the audit reports thereon of the
Corporations independent auditor, in reasonable detail and certified by the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation; (iii) reasonably promptly after the end of each calendar month, monthly management reports and information packets,
including budgets, forecasts, business plans, results of operations and other similar matters; and (iv) with reasonable promptness, such other information and data (including such information and reports made available to any lender of the
Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries under any credit agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Corporation and each of its Subsidiaries as may be necessary for such Original Member to comply with its respective reporting, regulatory, or other
legal requirements and/or as may from time to time be reasonably requested by any such Original Member. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Original Member may deliver written notice to the Corporation requesting that such Original Member not receive
any of the information in the foregoing clauses (i) (iv) (an Opt-Out Notice); provided, that such Original Member may later revoke any such Opt-Out
Notice in writing. 

Section 8. Termination. 

This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of any one of the following events: 

(a) each of (i) the GEC Affiliates and (ii) White Deer Affiliates ceasing to beneficially own, directly and indirectly, any shares of
Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock; or 

(b) the unanimous written consent of the parties hereto. 

Subject to Section 12, for the avoidance of doubt, the rights and obligations (i) of the GEC Parties under this
Agreement shall terminate upon the GEC Affiliates ceasing to own any shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock and (ii) of White Deer Parties under this Agreement shall terminate upon White Deer Affiliates ceasing to own
any shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall modify, limit or otherwise affect, in any way, any and all rights to indemnification, exculpation and/or
contribution owed by any of the parties hereto, to the extent arising out of or relating to events occurring prior to the date of termination of this Agreement or the date the rights and obligations of such party under this Agreement terminates in
accordance with this Section 8. 

9 

Section 9. Definitions. 

As used in this Agreement, any term that it is not defined herein, shall have the following meanings: 

Board means the board of directors of the Corporation. 

Bylaws means the amended and restated bylaws of the Corporation, dated as of the date hereof, as the same may be further
amended, restated, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Charter means the amended and
restated certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, effective as of the date hereof, as the same may be further amended, restated, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares means (i) all issued and outstanding shares of Class A
Common Stock and (ii) all Underlying Class A Shares. 

Director means a member of the Board. 

GEC Director means any Director who had initially been designated for nomination by GEC in accordance with
Section 1(b). 

Independence Requirements means, with respect to a Director, an individual who
is (i) an independent director within the meaning of that term used in Rule 303A of the NYSE Listing Company Manual, as amended, and (ii) independent for purposes of Rule
10A-3(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder. 

Independent Director means any Director who has been (i) initially designated hereunder mutually as an Independent
Director or (ii) designated for nomination by GEC in accordance with Section 1(d). 

Necessary Action means, with respect to a specified result, all commercially reasonable actions required to cause
such result that are within the power of a specified Person, including (i) voting or providing a written consent or proxy with respect to the equity securities owned by the Person obligated to undertake the necessary action, (ii) voting in
favor of the adoption of stockholders resolutions and amendments to the organizational documents of the Corporation, (iii) executing agreements and instruments, and (iv) making, or causing to be made, with governmental,
administrative or regulatory authorities, all filings, registrations or similar actions that are required to achieve such result. 

10 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee means the nominating
and corporate governance committee of the Board or any committee of the Board authorized to perform the function of recommending to the Board the nominees for election as Directors or nominating the nominees for election as Directors. 

NYSE means The New York Stock Exchange. 

Permitted Transferees has the meaning set forth in the LLC Agreement. 

Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, trust, joint stock company, business
trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, governmental authority or other entity or organization, including a government or any subdivision or agency thereof. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities Laws means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the
rules promulgated thereunder. 

Subsidiary means with respect to any Person, any corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, association, trust or other form of legal entity, of which (a) such first Person directly or indirectly owns or controls at least a majority of the securities or other interests having by their terms voting power to elect a
majority of the board of directors or others performing similar functions, or (b) such first Person is a general partner or managing member (excluding partnerships in which such Person or any Subsidiary thereof does not have a majority of the
voting interests in such partnership). 

Underlying Class A Shares means all shares of Class A
Common Stock issuable upon redemption of Common Units in accordance with the terms and conditions of the LLC Agreement, assuming all such Common Units are redeemed for Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis. 

White Deer Director means any Director who had initially
been designated for nomination by White Deer in accordance with Section 1(c). 

11 

Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, (i) words of any gender
include each other gender; (ii) words using the singular or plural number also include the plural or singular number, respectively; (iii) the terms hereof, herein, hereby and derivative or similar words
refer to this entire Agreement; (iv) the terms Article or Section refer to the specified Article or Section of this Agreement; (v) the word including shall mean including, without limitation;
(vi) each defined term has its defined meaning throughout this Agreement, whether the definition of such term appears before or after such term is used; and (vii) the word or shall be disjunctive but not exclusive. References to
agreements and other documents shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments and other modifications thereto. References to statutes shall include all regulations promulgated thereunder and references to statutes or regulations shall be
construed as including all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending or replacing the statute or regulation. 

Section 10. Choice of Law and Venue; Waiver of Right to Jury Trial. 

(a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED, APPLIED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE. EACH
OF THE PARTIES HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IN THE EVENT OF ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE NON-BREACHING PARTY WOULD BE IRREPARABLY HARMED AND COULD NOT BE MADE WHOLE BY MONETARY DAMAGES, AND THAT,
IN ADDITION TO ANY OTHER REMEDY TO WHICH THEY MAY BE ENTITLED AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, THE PARTIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO SUCH EQUITABLE OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF AS MAY BE APPROPRIATE. THE CHOICE OF FORUM SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO
PRECLUDE THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT OF A DELAWARE FEDERAL OR STATE COURT, OR THE TAKING OF ANY ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT TO ENFORCE SUCH A JUDGMENT, IN ANY OTHER APPROPRIATE JURISDICTION. 

(b) IN THE EVENT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT COMMENCES ANY LITIGATION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT, ANY RELATED AGREEMENT OR ANY MATTERS DESCRIBED OR CONTEMPLATED HEREIN OR THEREIN, THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY (1) AGREE UNDER ALL CIRCUMSTANCES ABSOLUTELY AND IRREVOCABLY TO SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURT
OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, OR IF (AND ONLY IF) SUCH COURT FINDS IT LACKS SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION, THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE (COMPLEX COMMERCIAL DIVISION), OR IF UNDER

12 

APPLICABLE LAW, SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION OVER THE MATTER THAT IS THE SUBJECT OF THE ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS VESTED EXCLUSIVELY IN THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, THE UNITED
STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE, AND APPELLATE COURTS FROM ANY THEREOF, WITH RESPECT TO ALL ACTIONS AND PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY; (2) AGREE THAT IN THE
EVENT OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION, PROCEEDING OR ACTION, SUCH PARTIES WILL CONSENT AND SUBMIT TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT DESCRIBED IN CLAUSE (1) OF THIS SECTION 10(B) AND TO SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THEM IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE RULES AND STATUTES GOVERNING SERVICE OF PROCESS; (3) AGREE TO WAIVE TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY OBJECTION THAT THEY MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION, PROCEEDING OR ACTION IN ANY SUCH COURT OR THAT
ANY SUCH LITIGATION, PROCEEDING OR ACTION WAS BROUGHT IN ANY INCONVENIENT FORUM; (4) AGREE TO WAIVE ANY RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES OR CLAIMS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT; (5) AGREE TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING BY MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF TO SUCH PARTY AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH HEREIN FOR COMMUNICATIONS TO SUCH PARTY; (6) AGREE THAT ANY SERVICE MADE AS PROVIDED HEREIN SHALL BE EFFECTIVE AND BINDING SERVICE IN EVERY RESPECT; AND
(7) AGREE THAT NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHTS OF ANY PARTY TO EFFECT SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. 

Section 11. Notices

Any notice, request, claim, demand, document and other communication hereunder to any party shall be effective upon receipt (or refusal of
receipt) and shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by facsimile, or by electronic mail, or first class mail, or by Federal Express or other similar courier or other similar means of communication, as follows: 

13 

(a) If to GEC or the GEC Parties, addressed as follows: 

c/o GEC Advisors LLC 

2415 West Alabama, Suite 220 

Houston, TX 77098 

Attn: Jonathan B. Fairbanks 

E-mail: jonathan@geclp.com 

(b) If to White Deer, addressed as follows: 

White Deer Management LLC 

700 Louisiana Street, Suite 4770 

Houston, TX 77002 

Attn: Ben A. Guill 

Email: bguill@whitedeerenergy.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Vinson Elkins LLP 

845 Texas Ave., Suite 4700 

Houston, TX 77002 

Attn: Jackson A. OMaley, Michael Marek 

E-mail:jomaley@velaw.com; mmarek@velaw.com 

If to the Corporation, addressed as follows: 

Flowco Holdings Inc. 

1300 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 450 

Houston, Texas 77056 

Attn: Joel Lambert, General Counsel 

Email: Joel.Lambert@flowco-inc.com

with a copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to: 

Sidley Austin LLP 

1000 Louisiana, Suite 5900 

Houston, TX 77002 

Attn: David C. Buck 

E-mail: dbuck@sidley.com 

14 

or, in each case, to such other address or email address as such party may designate in writing to each
party by written notice given in the manner specified herein. All such communications shall be deemed to have been given, delivered or made when so delivered by hand or sent by facsimile (with confirmed transmission), on the next business day if
sent by overnight courier service (with confirmed delivery) or when received if sent by first class mail, or in the case of notice by electronic mail, when the relevant email enters the recipients server. 

Section 12. Assignment; Aggregation of Shares. 

Except as otherwise provided herein, all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, shall inure to the benefit of
and shall be enforceable by the respective successors and permitted assigns of the parties hereto. This Agreement may not be assigned (by operation of law or otherwise) without the express prior written consent of the other parties hereto, and any
attempted assignment, without such consents, will be null and void; provided, however, that each of the Original Members (and any subsequent Permitted Transferees thereof) is permitted to assign this Agreement to their respective Permitted
Transferees of the Class B Common Stock or Common Units and each Original Member (and any such Permitted Transferee) is permitted to assign this Agreement to its respective affiliates in connection with a transfer of the Class A Common
Stock to such affiliate (or receipt by any such affiliate of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the exchange and redemption provisions of the LLC Agreement) (it being understood that no such assignment shall relieve any such Original Member or
Permitted Transferee of its obligations hereunder so long as it continues to hold Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Common Units). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each of the Original Members (and any
subsequent Permitted Transferee thereof) shall cause any of their respective Permitted Transferees of the Class B Common Stock or Common Units, or, any of their affiliates that receives shares of Class A Common Stock (whether through a
transfer, or via the exchange and redemption provisions of the LLC Agreement), to become a party to this Agreement by executing a joinder hereto reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation, as a pre-condition
to the effectiveness of such transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of (a) determining whether any party meets any threshold contained herein which is based on ownership of shares of Class A Common Stock (including any
Underlying Class A Shares, or Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares) and/or Class B Common Stock, (b) any provisions that require the parties hereto to vote or take any other actions with respect to any shares of Class A Common
Stock (including any Underlying Class A Shares, or Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares) and/or Class B Common Stock, such determinations or provisions shall be deemed to include all shares of Class A Common Stock (including any
Underlying Class A Shares, or Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares) and/or Class B Common Stock held by any Permitted Transferee or affiliate of any Original Member (or 

15 

subsequent Permitted Transferee thereof) that becomes party to this Agreement pursuant to this Section 12; provided, however, that for purposes hereof, in no event shall
(x) beneficial ownership of shares of Class A Common Stock (including any underlying Class A Shares, or Deemed Outstanding Class A Shares) by one party hereto be counted towards the beneficial ownership of shares of Class A
Common Stock of any other party hereto solely as a result of such parties being in the same group (as defined in the Exchange Act) or party to this Agreement and (y) any party hereto by considered an affiliate of any other party
hereto solely by virtue of being in the same group (as defined in the Exchange Act) party to this Agreement. 

Section 13.
Amendment and Modification; Waiver of Compliance. 

This Agreement may not be amended, modified, altered or supplemented except by
means of a written instrument executed on behalf of each of the Corporation, GEC and White Deer. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any failure of any of the parties to comply with any obligation, covenant, agreement or condition herein
may be waived by the party or parties entitled to the benefits thereof only by a written instrument signed by the party or parties granting such waiver, but such waiver or failure to insist upon strict compliance with such obligation, covenant,
agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other failure. 

Section 14.
Waiver. 

No failure on the part of either party hereto to exercise any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, and
no delay on the part of either party hereto in exercising any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, shall operate as a waiver thereof; and no single or partial exercise of any such power, right, privilege or remedy shall preclude
any other or further exercise thereof or of any other power, right, privilege or remedy. 

Section 15. Severability. 

If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of such provision to any Person or circumstance or in any jurisdiction, shall be held
to be invalid or unenforceable to any extent, (i) the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and each other provision hereof shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law, (ii) as to such Person
or circumstance or in such jurisdiction such provision shall be reformed to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law and (iii) the application of such provision to other Persons or circumstances or in other jurisdictions
shall not be affected thereby. 

16 

Section 16. Counterparts. 

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and signatures may be delivered by facsimile, each of which may be executed by
less than all parties, each of which shall be enforceable against the parties actually executing such counterparts, and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 

Section 17. Further Assurances. 

At any time or from time to time after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree to cooperate with each other, and at the request of any other
party, to execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and to take all such further action as any other party may reasonably request in order to evidence or effectuate the provisions of this Agreement and to otherwise carry out the
intent of the parties hereunder. 

Section 18. Titles and Subtitles. 

The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Agreement. 

Section 19. Representations and Warranties. 

(a) Each Original Member and each Person who becomes a party to this Agreement after the date hereof, severally and not jointly and solely
with respect to itself, represents and warrants to the Corporation as of the time such party becomes a party to this Agreement that (a) if applicable, it is duly authorized to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement; (b) this Agreement
has been duly executed by such party and is a valid and binding agreement of such party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms; and (c) the execution, delivery and performance by such party of this Agreement does not
violate or conflict with or result in a breach of or constitute (or with notice or lapse of time or both constitute) a default under any agreement to which such party is a party or, if applicable, the organizational documents of such party. 

(b) The Corporation represents and warrants to each other party hereto that (a) the Corporation is duly authorized to execute, deliver
and perform this Agreement; (b) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Corporation and is a valid and binding agreement of the Corporation, enforceable against the Corporation in accordance with its terms; and
(c) the execution, delivery and performance by the Corporation of this Agreement does not violate or conflict with or result in a breach by the Corporation of or constitute (or with notice or 

17 

lapse of time or both constitute) a default by the Corporation under the Charter or Bylaws, any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, or decree of any governmental authority
exercising any statutory or regulatory authority of any of the foregoing, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, or any agreement or instrument to
which the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets may be bound. 

Section 20. No Strict Construction. 

This Agreement shall be deemed to be collectively prepared by the parties hereto, and no ambiguity herein shall be construed for or against
any party based upon the identity of the author of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Stockholders Agreement to be
executed on the day and year first above written. 

FLOWCO HOLDINGS INC.

By: /s/ Joseph R. Edwards

Name: Joseph R. Edwards

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President

[Signature Page to
Stockholders Agreement] 

GEC ADVISORS, LLC

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Managing Director

GEC ESTIS CO-INVEST II LLC

By: GEC Capital Group III-B LP

Its: General Partner

By: GEC Group B Ltd.

Its: General Partner

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Director

GEC PARTNERS III-B LP

By: GEC Capital Group III-B LP

Its: General Partner

By: GEC Group B Ltd.

Its: General Partner

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Stockholders Agreement] 

GEC PARTNERS III LP

By: GEC Capital Group III LP, its general partner

By: GEC Group Ltd.

Its: General Partner

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Director

GEC PARTNERS III-GI LP

By: GEC Capital Group III LP,

its
general partner

By: GEC Group Ltd.

Its: General Partner

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Director

GEC III-GI ESTIS BLOCKER CORP.

By: /s/ Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Name: Jonathan B. Fairbanks

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Stockholders Agreement] 

WHITE DEER MANAGEMENT LLC

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Authorized Person

WDE FLOGISTIX AGGREGATE LLC

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its Manager

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WD THUNDER CV PARALLEL LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

WD THUNDER CV LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to
Stockholders Agreement] 

WD THUNDER CV IND LP

By: WD Thunder CV GP LP, its General Partner

By: WD Thunder CV Ultimate GP LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Varun Babbili

Name: Varun Babbili

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to
Stockholders Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

GEC Parties 

1. 

GEC Advisors, LLC (GEC) 

2. 

GEC Estis Co-Invest II LLC 

3. 

GEC Partners III LP 

4. 

GEC Partners III GI LP 

5. 

GEC Partners III-B LP 

6. 

GEC Partners III-B GI LP 

SCHEDULE B 

White Deer Parties 

White Deer Management LLC (White Deer) 

WDE Flogistix Aggregate LLC 

WD Thunder CV Parallel LP 

WD Thunder CV IND LP 

WD Thunder CV LP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>