<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-054806.txt : 20250314
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-054806.hdr.sgml : 20250314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250314161517
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-054806
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250314
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN TOWER CORP /MA/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001053507
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				650723837
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14195
		FILM NUMBER:		25740182

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		116 HUNTINGTON AVE
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6173757500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		116 HUNTINGTON AVE
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN TOWER SYSTEMS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980128
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d904653d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Form 8-K

AMERICAN TOWER CORP /MA/false000105350700010535072025-03-142025-03-140001053507us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-142025-03-140001053507amt:A1375SeniorNotesDue2025Member2025-03-142025-03-140001053507amt:A1950SeniorNotesDue2026Member2025-03-142025-03-140001053507amt:A0450SeniorNotesDue2027Member2025-03-142025-03-140001053507amt:A0400SeniorNotesDue2027Member2025-03-142025-03-140001053507amt:A4125SeniorNotesDue2027Member2025-03-142025-03-140001053507amt:A0500SeniorNotesDue2028Member2025-03-142025-03-140001053507amt:A0875SeniorNotesDue2029Member2025-03-142025-03-140001053507amt:A0950SeniorNotesDue2030Member2025-03-142025-03-140001053507amt:A3.900SeniorNotesDue2030Member2025-03-142025-03-140001053507amt:A4625SeniorNotesDue2031Member2025-03-142025-03-140001053507amt:A1000SeniorNotesDue2032Member2025-03-142025-03-140001053507amt:A1250SeniorNotesDue2033Member2025-03-142025-03-140001053507amt:A4.100SeniorNotesDue2034Member2025-03-142025-03-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): March 14, 2025

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-14195 65-0723837

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

116 Huntington Avenue

Boston, Massachusetts02116

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(617)375-7500

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value AMT New York Stock Exchange

1.375% Senior Notes due 2025 AMT 25A New York Stock Exchange

1.950% Senior Notes due 2026 AMT 26B New York Stock Exchange

0.450% Senior Notes due 2027 AMT 27C New York Stock Exchange

0.400% Senior Notes due 2027 AMT 27D New York Stock Exchange

4.125% Senior Notes due 2027 AMT 27F New York Stock Exchange

0.500% Senior Notes due 2028 AMT 28A New York Stock Exchange

0.875% Senior Notes due 2029 AMT 29B New York Stock Exchange

0.950% Senior Notes due 2030 AMT 30C New York Stock Exchange

3.900% Senior Notes due 2030 AMT 30D New York Stock Exchange

4.625% Senior Notes due 2031 AMT 31B New York Stock Exchange

1.000% Senior Notes due 2032 AMT 32 New York Stock Exchange

1.250% Senior Notes due 2033 AMT 33 New York Stock Exchange

4.100% Senior Notes due 2034 AMT 34A New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 14, 2025, American Tower Corporation (the Company) completed a registered public offering of $650.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.900% senior unsecured notes due 2030 (the 2030 notes) and $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.350% senior unsecured notes due 2035 (the 2035 notes and, together with the 2030 notes, the Notes), which resulted in aggregate net proceeds to the Company of approximately $988.9 million, after deducting commissions and estimated expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds to repay $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.400% senior unsecured notes due 2025, to repay existing indebtedness under its $6.0 billion senior unsecured multicurrency revolving credit facility, as amended and restated in December 2021, as further amended, and for general corporate purposes. 

The Company issued the Notes under an indenture dated as of June 1, 2022 (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by a supplemental indenture dated as of March 14, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture No. 8 and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), each between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). The following description of the Indenture is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of the Indenture. 

The 2030 notes will mature on March 15, 2030 and bear interest at a rate of 4.900% per annum. The 2035 notes will mature on March 15, 2035 and bear interest at a rate of 5.350% per annum. Accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes will be payable in U.S. Dollars semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025. Interest on the Notes will accrue from March 14, 2025 and will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. The terms of the Indenture, among other things, limit (a) the Companys ability to merge, consolidate or sell assets and (b) the Companys and its subsidiaries abilities to incur liens. These covenants are subject to a number of exceptions, including that the Company and its subsidiaries may incur liens on assets, mortgages or other liens securing indebtedness, provided the aggregate amount of indebtedness secured by such liens shall not exceed 3.5x Adjusted EBITDA as defined in the Indenture. 

The Company may redeem the Notes at any time, in whole or in part, at its election at the applicable redemption price. If the Company redeems (a) the 2030 notes prior to February 15, 2030 or (b) the 2035 notes prior to December 15, 2034, the Company shall pay a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed plus a make-whole premium, together with accrued interest to the redemption date. If the Company redeems (a) the 2030 notes on or after February 15, 2030 or (b) the 2035 notes on or after December 15, 2034, the Company shall pay a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed plus accrued interest to the redemption date. In addition, if the Company undergoes a Change of Control and Ratings Decline, each as defined in the Indenture, the Company may be required to repurchase all of the Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including additional interest, if any), up to but not including the repurchase date. 

The Indenture provides that each of the following is an event of default (Event of Default): (i) default for 30 days in payment of any interest due with respect to the Notes; (ii) default in payment of principal or premium, if any, on the Notes when due, at maturity, upon any redemption, by declaration or otherwise; (iii) failure by the Company to comply with covenants in the Indenture or Notes for 90 days after receiving notice; and (iv) certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries. If any Event of Default arising under clause (iv) above occurs, the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest on all the outstanding Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may declare the entire principal amount on all the outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately. 

The foregoing is only a summary of certain provisions and is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Base Indenture, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 1, 2022 as an exhibit to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-265348), and the Supplemental Indenture No. 8, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 4.1, and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

Please refer to the discussion under Item 1.01 above, which is incorporated under this Item 2.03 by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

A copy of the opinion of Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP relating to the legality of the issuance by the Company of the Notes is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. Description

4.1 Supplemental Indenture No. 8, dated as of March 14, 2025, by and between American Tower Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

5.1 Opinion of Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP. 

23.1 Consent of Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1 hereto). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION

(Registrant)

Date: March 14, 2025 By: 

/s/ Rodney M. Smith

Rodney M. Smith

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d904653dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

as Trustee 

SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURE NO. 8 

Dated as of March 14, 2025 

to 

BASE INDENTURE 

Dated as of June 1, 2022 

$1,000,000,000 Principal Amount 

$650,000,000 4.900% SENIOR NOTESDUE 2030 

$350,000,000 5.350% SENIOR NOTESDUE 2035 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Article I DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 1 

Section 1.01. 

Definitions 1 

Section 1.02. 

Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 9 

Section 1.03. 

Rules of Construction 9 

Article II THE SECURITIES 10 

Section 2.01. 

Form and Dating 10 

Section 2.02. 

Execution and Authentication of Securities 10 

Section 2.03. 

Registrar and Paying Agent 10 

Section 2.04. 

Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust 11 

Section 2.05. 

Transfer and Exchange 11 

Section 2.06. 

Outstanding Securities 11 

Section 2.07. 

Interest Payment and Record Dates 11 

Section 2.08. 

No Sinking Fund 11 

Section 2.09. 

Defaulted Interest 12 

Section 2.10. 

CUSIP and ISIN Numbers 12 

Section 2.11. 

Global Securities 12 

Section 2.12. 

Ranking 12 

Section 2.13. 

Additional Securities 12 

Article III OPTIONAL REDEMPTION; MANDATORY REDEMPTION 13 

Section 3.01. 

Notice to Trustee 13 

Section 3.02. 

Optional Redemption 13 

Section 3.03. 

Mandatory Redemption 14 

Article IV COVENANTS 14 

Section 4.01. 

Additional Covenants 14 

Article V MISCELLANEOUS 15 

Section 5.01. 

Conflict of Any Provision of Indenture with Trust Indenture Act 15 

Section 5.02. 

Duplicate Originals 15 

Section 5.03. 

New York Law to Govern 16 

Section 5.04. 

No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 16 

Section 5.05. 

Successors and Assigns of Company Bound by Supplemental Indenture 16 

Section 5.06. 

Severability 16 

Section 5.07. 

Effect of Headings 16 

Exhibit A-1 Form of Global Security for the 2030
Notes

Exhibit A-2 Form of Global Security for the 2035
Notes

Exhibit B Form of Legend for Global Securities

i 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 8 (the Supplemental Indenture), dated
as of March 14, 2025, between American Tower Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee).

WITNESSETH THAT: 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee have executed and delivered a base indenture, dated as of June 1, 2022 (the Base
Indenture, and, together with this Supplemental Indenture, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Indenture) to provide for the future issuance of the Companys senior debt securities
to be issued from time to time in one or more series; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Base Indenture, the Company desires to
provide for the establishment of two series of its Securities, to be titled as its 4.900% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and 5.350% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes), the
form and substance of such Securities and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, all acts and requirements necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture, when executed and delivered by the parties hereto, the
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, in accordance with its terms, have been done. 

NOW, THEREFORE: 

Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities. 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01. DEFINITIONS. 

Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Base Indenture. The following
definitions supplement, and, to the extent inconsistent with, replace the definitions in Article I of the Base Indenture: 

Additional Security Board Resolution means resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company and delivered
to the Trustee in an Officers Certificate providing for issuance of Additional Securities. 

Additional Security
Supplemental Indenture means a supplement to this Indenture duly executed and delivered by the Company and the Trustee pursuant to Article 7 of the Base Indenture. 

Additional Securities means the Companys Securities originally issued hereunder after the Issue Date pursuant to
Section 2.13 hereof, except for Securities authenticated and delivered upon registration of, transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of other Securities pursuant to Section 3.07, 3.09, 7.05 or 9.06 of the Base Indenture, or 4.01(b)
hereof, as specified in the relevant Additional Security Board Resolutions or Additional Security Supplemental Indenture issued therefor in accordance with this Indenture. 

Adjusted EBITDA means, for the 12-month period preceding the calculation date, for
the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, the sum of (a) Net Income, plus (b) to the extent deducted in determining Net Income, the sum of (i) Interest Expense, (ii) income tax expense,
including, without limitation, taxes paid or accrued based on income, profits or capital, including state, franchise and similar taxes and foreign withholding taxes, (iii) depreciation and amortization (including, without limitation,
amortization of goodwill and other intangible assets), (iv) extraordinary losses and non-recurringnon-cash charges and expenses, (v) all other non-cash charges, expenses and interest (including, without limitation, any non-cash losses in respect of Commodity Agreements, Currency Agreements or Interest Rate
Agreements, non-cash impairment charges, non-cash valuation charges for stock option grants or vesting of restricted stock awards or any other non-cash compensation charges, and losses 

1 

from the early extinguishment of Indebtedness) and (vi) non-recurring charges and expenses, restructuring charges, transaction expenses (including,
without limitation, transaction expenses incurred in connection with any merger or acquisition) and underwriters fees or discounts, and severance and retention payments in connection with any merger or acquisition, in each case for such
period, less extraordinary gains and cash payments (not otherwise deducted in determining net income) made during such period with respect to non-cash charges that were added back in a prior period;
provided, however, (I) with respect to any Person that became a Subsidiary, or was merged with or consolidated into the Company or any Subsidiary, during such period, or any acquisition by the Company or any Subsidiary of the
assets of any Person during such period, Adjusted EBITDA shall, at the option of the Company in respect of any or all of the foregoing, also include the Adjusted EBITDA of such Person or attributable to such assets, as applicable, during
such period as if such acquisition, merger or consolidation had occurred on the first day of such period and (II) with respect to any Person that has ceased to be a Subsidiary during such period, or any material assets of the Company or any
Subsidiary sold or otherwise disposed of by the Company or any Subsidiary during such period, Adjusted EBITDA shall exclude the Adjusted EBITDA of such Person or attributable to such assets, as applicable, during such period as if such
sale or disposition of such Subsidiary or such assets had occurred on the first day of such period. 

Beneficial Owner
has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that in calculating the beneficial ownership of any particular
person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire by conversion or
exercise of other securities, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition. The terms Beneficially Owns and Beneficially Owned have a corresponding meaning.

Capital Lease Obligation means, at the time any determination is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of
a capital lease that would at that time be required to be capitalized on a balance sheet in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital
Stock means: 

(1) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock; 

(2) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however
designated) of corporate stock; 

(3) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership or membership interests
(whether general or limited); and 

(4) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the
profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person. 

Change of Control means the occurrence of
any of the following: 

(1) the adoption of a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; 

(2) any person, as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or
indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting power of the Voting Stock of the Company; provided that a transaction in which the Company becomes a Subsidiary of another Person shall not constitute a Change of Control if (a) the stockholders of the
Company immediately prior to such transaction Beneficially Own, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, 50% or more of the voting power of the outstanding Voting Stock of such other Person of whom the Company is a Subsidiary
immediately following such transaction and (b) immediately following such transaction no person (as defined above) other than such other Person, Beneficially Owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting power of the Voting Stock of
the Company; or 

(3) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company are not Continuing
Directors. 

2 

Change of Control Offer has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.01(b). 

Change of Control Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(b). 

Change of Control Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(b). 

Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Decline (as defined
below). 

Commodity Agreement of any Person means any commodity forward contract, commodity swap agreement, commodity
option agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement to which such Person is a party. 

Continuing Directors means
a director who either was a member of the Companys Board of Directors on the Issue Date or who becomes a member of the Companys Board of Directors subsequent to the Issue Date and whose appointment, election or nomination for election by
the Companys stockholders is duly approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors on the Companys Board of Directors at the time of such approval, either by specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement issued by the Company on
behalf of the Companys Board of Directors in which such individual is named as nominee for director. Solely for purposes of this definition, the term Board of Directors shall be defined without regard to the words or any
authorized committee of the Board of Directors of such Person or any officer of such Person duly authorized by the Board of Directors of such Person to take a specific action in such definition. 

Currency Agreement of any Person means any foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement or other similar agreement or
arrangement as to which such Person is a party. 

Default means any event which is, or after notice or passage of time
or both would be, an Event of Default. 

Disqualified Stock means any Capital Stock that, by its terms (or by the terms
of any security into which it is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable, in each case at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund
obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock, in whole or in part, on or prior to the Stated Maturity of the Securities. 

DTC means The Depository Trust Company, its nominees and successors. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder. 

Fair Market Value means, with respect to any asset, the price that (after taking into account any
liabilities relating to such asset) would be paid in an arms-length transaction between an informed and willing seller under no compulsion to sell and an informed and willing buyer under no compulsion to
buy, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, whose determination shall be conclusive if evidenced by a Board Resolution. 

First Par Call Date means, with respect to the 2030 Notes, February 15, 2030, and with respect to the 2035 Notes,
December 15, 2034. 

Fitch means Fitch, Inc. or any successor to the rating agency business thereof. 

Foreign Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, (a) any Subsidiary of such Person that is not organized or
existing under the laws of, and whose principal business is conducted outside of, the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia, or any territory thereof (for purposes of this definition only, the United States), or
(b) any Subsidiary of such Person that is organized or existing under the laws of the United States whose only material assets are the Capital Stock of Foreign Subsidiaries meeting clause (a) of this definition. 

3 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the
standards, statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or in such other statements by such other entity as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession of the United States, which are in effect
on the Issue Date, provided, however, that leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 for all
purposes, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, including with respect to Accounting Standards Codification 842. 

Guarantee means a guarantee (other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of
business), direct or indirect, in any manner (including, without limitation, by way of a pledge of assets or through letters of credit or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof), of all or any part of any Indebtedness. The term
Guarantee used as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 

Indebtedness means, with respect to any specified
Person, any indebtedness of such Person, whether or not contingent: 

(1) in respect of borrowed money; 

(2) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or letters of credit (or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof); 

(3) in respect of bankers acceptances; 

(4) representing Capital Lease Obligations; 

(5) representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property, except any such balance that constitutes an accrued
expense or trade payable; 

(6) representing obligations under any Interest Rate Agreements, Commodity Agreements and Currency Agreements
except for those entered into for the purpose of fixing, hedging or swapping interest rate, commodity price or foreign currency exchange risk; or 

(7) in respect of all Disqualified Stock issued by such Person with the amount of Indebtedness represented by such Disqualified Stock being
equal to the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference and its maximum fixed repurchase price, but excluding accrued dividends, if any; provided that (a) if the Disqualified Stock does not have a fixed repurchase price,
such maximum fixed repurchase price shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of the Disqualified Stock as if the Disqualified Stock were purchased on any date on which Indebtedness shall be required to be determined pursuant to the
applicable indenture, and (b) if the maximum fixed repurchase price is based upon, or measured by, the fair market value of the Disqualified Stock, the fair market value shall be the Fair Market Value thereof; 

if and to the extent any of the preceding items (other than letters of credit and obligations under Interest Rate Agreements, Commodity
Agreements and Currency Agreements) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, the term Indebtedness includes all Indebtedness of others secured by a Lien on any asset
of such Person whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person (the amount of such Indebtedness as of any date being deemed to be the lesser of the Fair Market Value of such property or assets as of such date or the principal amount of
such Indebtedness of such other Person so secured) and, to the extent not otherwise included, the Guarantee by such Person of any Indebtedness of any other Person. 

The amount of any Indebtedness outstanding as of any date shall be: 

(1) the accreted value of the Indebtedness, in the case of any Indebtedness issued with original issue discount; and 

4 

(2) the principal amount of the Indebtedness, together with any interest on the Indebtedness
that is more than 30 days past due, in the case of any other Indebtedness. 

Interest Expense means, for any period, all
cash interest expense (including imputed interest with respect to Capital Lease Obligations and commitment fees) with respect to any Indebtedness of the Company and of its Subsidiaries Indebtedness on a consolidated basis during such period
pursuant to the terms of such Indebtedness. 

Interest Rate Agreement of any Person means any interest rate protection
agreement, interest rate future agreement, interest rate option agreement, interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, interest rate hedge agreement, option or future contract or other similar agreement
or arrangement as to which such Person is a party. 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or greater than BBB- by S&P and Fitch and Baa3 by Moodys or the equivalent thereof under any new ratings system if the ratings system of any such agency shall be modified after the date hereof, or the equivalent rating or
any other Ratings Agency selected by the Company as provided in the definition of Ratings Agency. 

Issue Date means
March 14, 2025. 

Licenses means, collectively, any telephone, microwave, radio transmissions, personal
communications or other license, authorization, certificate of compliance, franchise, approval or permit, whether for the construction, ownership or operation of any communications tower facilities, granted or issued by the Federal Communications
Commission (or other similar or successor agency of the federal government administering the Communications Act of 1934 or any similar or successor federal statute) and held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Lien means, with respect to any property or assets, including Capital Stock, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security
interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under applicable law (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease in the nature thereof, any option
or other agreement to sell or give a security interest in and any filing of or agreement to give any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code (or equivalent statutes) of any jurisdiction). 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Services, Inc. or any successor to the rating agency business thereof. 

Net Incomemeans, for any period of determination, net income (loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a
consolidated basis, determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Newly Created Subsidiary means a newly created direct or
indirect Subsidiary of the Company that is formed or organized after the Issue Date; provided that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company shall have transferred, or may in the future transfer, any assets (other than cash or cash
equivalents) to such Newly Created Subsidiary for so long as such Newly Created Subsidiary remains designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

Original Securities has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02. 

Paying Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03. 

Permitted Amount means, on any date, an amount equal to 3.5 times Adjusted EBITDA as of the most recent fiscal quarter for
which financial statements of the Company are internally available immediately preceding such date. 

Permitted Liens
means: 

(1) Liens in favor of the Company or its Subsidiaries; 

5 

(2) Liens existing on the Issue Date (other than those securing the SpectraSite ABS
Facility) and renewals and replacements thereof; 

(3) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or claims that are not yet
delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted; provided that any reserve or other appropriate provision as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made
therefor; 

(4) Liens of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, vendors (solely to the extent arising by operation of law), laborers and
materialmen incurred in the ordinary course of business for sums not yet due or being diligently contested in good faith, if reserves or appropriate provisions shall have been made therefor; 

(5) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation and unemployment insurance, social
security obligations, assessments or government charges which are not overdue for more than 60 days; 

(6) restrictions on the transfer of
Licenses or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries imposed by any of the Licenses as in effect on the Issue Date or imposed by the Communications Act of 1934, any similar or successor federal statute or the rules and regulations of the
Federal Communications Commission (or other similar or successor agency of the federal government administering such Act or successor statute) thereunder, all as the same may be in effect from time to time; 

(7) Liens arising by operation of law in favor of purchasers in connection with the sale of an asset; provided, however, that such Lien only
encumbers the property being sold; 

(8) Liens to secure performance of statutory obligations, surety or appeal bonds, performance bonds,
bids or tenders; 

(9) judgment Liens; 

(10) Liens in connection with escrow or security deposits made in connection with any acquisition of assets; 

(11) Liens securing Indebtedness since the Issue Date represented by Capital Lease Obligations, mortgage financings or purchase money
obligations, in each case incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or cost of construction or improvement of property, plant or equipment used in any business of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in an
aggregate principal amount, including all Indebtedness incurred to refund, refinance or replace any other Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (11), not to exceed $500.0 million at any time outstanding for the Company and any
Subsidiaries of the Company; 

(12) Liens securing obligations under Interest Rate Agreements, Commodity Agreements and Currency Agreements
not for speculative purposes; 

(13) easements,
rights-of-way, zoning restrictions, licenses or restrictions on use and other similar encumbrances on the use of real property that: 

(a) are not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money or the obtaining of advances or credit (other than trade credit
in the ordinary course of business); and 

(b) do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the property or
materially impair the use thereof in the operation of business by the Company and its Subsidiaries; 

(14) Liens on property of the Company
or a Subsidiary of the Company at the time the Company or such Subsidiary acquired the property, including acquisition by means of a merger or consolidation with or into the Company or any Subsidiary, or an acquisition of assets, and any replacement
thereof, provided, however, that such Liens are not created, incurred or assumed in connection with or in contemplation of such acquisition, and provided further that such Liens may not extend to any other property owned by the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company; 

6 

(15) leases and subleases of real or personal property in the ordinary course of business
(for the avoidance of doubt, excluding sale and lease-back transactions) which do not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business; and 

(16) bankers Liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or
other funds maintained with a depositary institution; provided that: 

(a) such deposit account is not a dedicated cash
collateral account and is not subject to restrictions against access in excess of those set forth by regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board or other applicable law; and 

(b) such deposit account is not intended to provide collateral to the depositary institution. 

Person or person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, estate, unincorporated organization or government or other agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity. 

Ratings Agencies means (1) S&P, Moodys and Fitch; and (2) if any of S&P, Moodys and Fitch
ceases to rate the Securities or ceases to make a rating on the Securities publicly available, an entity registered as a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (registered as such pursuant to Rule 17g-1 of the Exchange Act) then making a rating on the Securities publicly available selected by the Company (as certified by an Officers Certificate), which shall be substituted for S&P, Moodys or
Fitch, as the case may be. 

Ratings Decline means the occurrence of the following on, or within 90 days after, the date
of the public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or of the intention by the Company or any third-party to effect a Change of Control (which period shall be extended for so long as the rating of the securities is under publicly announced
consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Ratings Agencies if such period exceeds 90 days): (1) in the event that the Securities have an Investment Grade Rating by all three Ratings Agencies, the Securities cease to have an Investment Grade
Rating by two of the three Rating Agencies, (2) in the event that the Securities have an Investment Grade Rating by only two Ratings Agencies, the Securities cease to have an Investment Grade Rating by both such Rating Agencies, or (3) in
the event that the Securities do not have an Investment Grade Rating, the rating of the Securities by two of the three Ratings Agencies (or if there are less than three Rating Agencies rating the securities, the rating of each Rating Agency)
decreases by one or more gradations (including gradations within ratings categories as well as between rating categories) or is withdrawn. 

Registrar has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03. 

S&P means Standard & Poor Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., or any successor to
the rating agency business thereof. 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities means the 2030 Notes and the 2035 Notes established by this Supplemental Indenture and issued by the Company
pursuant to the Indenture. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 

Securities Agent means any Registrar, Paying Agent, or co-Registrar or co-agent.

7 

SpectraSite ABS Facility means that certain mortgage loan more fully
described in the Offering Memorandum dated March 8, 2023 regarding the $1,800.0 million Secured Tower Revenue Securities, Series 2018-1A and 2013-2A.

Stated Maturity means, with respect to the payment of principal on the 2030 Notes, March 15, 2030, and with respect to
the payment of principal on the 2035 Notes, March 15, 2035. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person,
(1) any corporation, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the voting power of the outstanding Voting Stock is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries
of such Person or (2) any partnership (A) the sole general partner or the managing general partner of which is such Person or a Subsidiary of such Person or (B) the only general partners of which are such Person or one or more
Subsidiaries of such Person (or any combination thereof). The term Subsidiary with respect to the Company shall not include any Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

TIA means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code 77aaa-77bbbb) as amended and in effect from time to
time. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with
the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such
time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after
such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company
shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15
immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no
such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant
maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM or any successor designation or publication is no longer published, the
Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury
security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity
date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding
the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these
two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In
determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage
of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

8 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means (a) any Foreign Subsidiary or Newly
Created Subsidiary of the Company that is designated by the Board of Directors as an Unrestricted Subsidiary until such time as the Board of Directors may designate it to be a Subsidiary, provided that no Default or Event of Default would occur or
be existing following such designation, and (b) any subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Any such designation by the Board of Directors shall be evidenced to the Trustee by filing a Board Resolution with the Trustee giving effect to such
designation. At the time of designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall be deemed to incur outstanding Indebtedness and grant any existing Liens. 

Voting Stock of any Person as of any date means the Capital Stock of such Person that is normally entitled to vote in the
election of the board of directors, managers or trustees of such Person. 

Section 1.02. INCORPORATIONBY
REFERENCEOF TRUST INDENTURE ACT. 

Whenever this Indenture
refers to a provision of the TIA, the provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Indenture. 

The following TIA
terms used in this Indenture have the following meanings: 

Commission means the SEC; 

indenture securities means the Securities; 

indenture security holder means a Securityholder or a Holder; 

indenture to be qualified means this Indenture; and 

obligor on the indenture securities means the Company or any successor. 

All other terms used in this Indenture that are defined by the TIA, defined by the TIA by reference to another statute or defined by SEC rule
under the TIA and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings so assigned to them. 

Section 1.03. RULESOF
CONSTRUCTION. 

Unless the context otherwise requires: 

(i) a term has the meaning assigned to it; 

(ii) an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in effect from time to time; 

(iii) or is not exclusive; 

(iv) including means including without limitation; 

(v) words in the singular include the plural and in the plural include the singular; 

(vi) provisions apply to successive events and transactions; 

(vii) herein, hereof and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to
any particular Article, Section or other subdivision of this Indenture; and 

(viii) references to currency shall mean the
lawful currency of the United States of America, unless the context requires otherwise. 

9 

In addition, to the extent that the terms of this Supplemental Indenture are inconsistent or
conflict with the terms of the Base Indenture, then, for purposes of the Securities, the terms of this Supplemental Indenture shall apply to the extent of such inconsistency or conflict. 

ARTICLE II THE SECURITIES 

Section 2.01. FORMAND DATING. 

The Securities and the Trustees certificate of authentication shall be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A-1 (in the case of the 2030 Notes) and Exhibit A-2 (in the case of the 2035 Notes), which are incorporated in and form a part of this Indenture. The Securities
may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage. Each Security shall be dated the date of its authentication. 

The Securities shall be issued initially in the form of one or more Global Securities, substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A-1 (in the case of the 2030 Notes) and Exhibit A-2 (in the case of the 2035 Notes), deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for DTC (who shall be the initial
Depositary with respect to the Securities), duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee and bearing the legend set forth in Exhibit B. The aggregate principal amount of the Global Security may from time to time be increased or
decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depository, as hereinafter provided; provided, that, except as permitted by Section 2.13, in no event shall (i) the aggregate principal amount of the
Global Security or Global Securities for the 2030 Notes exceed $650,000,000 and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Global Security or Global Securities for the 2035 Notes exceed $350,000,000. 

Securities in the form of Physical Securities issued in exchange for Securities represented by interests in a Global Security pursuant to
Section 3.08 of the Base Indenture may be issued in the form of permanent certificated Securities in registered form in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A-1 (in the case of the 2030 Notes)
and Exhibit A-2 (in the case of the 2035 Notes) and, if applicable, bearing any legends required hereby. 

The Securities shall be denominated in Dollars, and all cash payments due thereon shall be made in Dollars. The Securities shall be issuable
only in registered form without interest coupons and only in denominations of $2,000 principal amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

Section 2.02. EXECUTIONAND AUTHENTICATIONOF SECURITIES. 

Upon a Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate the 2030 Notes for original issue in the aggregate principal amount of $650,000,000 and
the 2035 Notes for original issue in the aggregate principal amount of $350,000,000 (the Original Securities). Each party agrees that the Securities may be executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee by manual,
facsimile or electronic signature (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign and other similar applications). The signature shall be conclusive evidence that the Securities have been authenticated under the Indenture. 

Section 2.03. REGISTRARAND PAYING AGENT. 

The Company shall maintain an office or agency where Securities may be presented for registration of transfer or for exchange
(Registrar) and an office or agency where Securities may be presented for payment (Paying Agent). The Corporate Trust Office shall serve as the office or agency for the aforementioned purposes. The Registrar
shall keep a register of the Securities and of their transfer and exchange. The Company may appoint or change one or more co-Registrars, one or more additional paying agents upon reasonable prior written
notice to the Trustee and may act in any such capacity on its own behalf. The term Registrar includes any co-Registrar and the term Paying Agent includes any additional
paying agent. 

The Company shall enter into an appropriate agency agreement with any Securities Agent not a party to this Indenture. The
agreement shall implement the provisions of this Indenture that relate to such Securities Agent. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the name and address of any Securities Agent not a party to this Indenture. If the Company fails to
maintain a Registrar or Paying Agent, the Trustee shall act as such. 

10 

The Company initially appoints the Trustee as Paying Agent and Registrar. 

For purposes of the Securities, the Payment Office shall be the corporate trust office of the Trustee set forth in Section 4.02 of the
Base Indenture. 

Section 2.04. PAYING AGENTTO HOLD MONEYIN TRUST. 

Each Paying Agent shall hold in trust for the benefit of the Securityholders or the Trustee
all moneys held by the Paying Agent for the payment of the Securities, and shall notify the Trustee in writing of any Default by the Company in making any such payment. While any such Default continues, the Trustee may require a Paying Agent to pay
all money held by it to the Trustee. The Company at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. Upon payment over to the Trustee, the Paying Agent shall have no further liability for such money. If the Company
acts as Paying Agent, it shall segregate and hold as a separate trust fund all money held by it as Paying Agent. 

Section 2.05.
TRANSFERAND EXCHANGE. 

The Company or the Trustee, as the case may be, shall not be
required to register the transfer of or exchange any Security selected for redemption in whole or in part, in accordance with this Indenture, except the unredeemed portion of Securities being redeemed in part. 

No service charge shall be made for any transfer or exchange of Securities, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover
any transfer tax or similar governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer or exchange of Securities, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 3.11 or Section 7.05 of the Base Indenture or Section 4.01(b) or
Article III, not involving any transfer. 

Section 2.06. OUTSTANDING SECURITIES. 

The Securities outstanding at any time are all the Securities authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered to
it for cancellation, those reductions in the interest in a Global Security effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof, and those described in this Section and the Base Indenture as not outstanding. Except as set forth in
Section 3.13 of the Base Indenture, a Security does not cease to be outstanding because the Company or an affiliate of the Company holds the Security. 

If a Security is replaced pursuant to Section 3.09 of the Base Indenture, it ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee receives proof
satisfactory to it that the replaced Security is held by a bona fide purchaser. 

If the principal amount of any Security is
considered paid under Section 4.01 of the Base Indenture, it ceases to be outstanding and interest on it ceases to accrue. 

If the
Paying Agent (other than the Company, a Subsidiary or an affiliate of any thereof) holds, on a redemption date or maturity date, money sufficient to pay Securities payable on that date, then on and after that date such Securities shall be deemed to
be no longer outstanding and shall cease to accrue interest. 

Section 2.07. INTEREST PAYMENTAND
RECORD DATES. 

The Interest Payment Dates for the Securities shall be March 15 and September 15
of each calendar year, beginning with, and including, September 15, 2025. The Regular Record Date for an Interest Payment Date that falls on March 15 shall be the immediately preceding March 1 and the Regular Record Date for an
Interest Payment Date that falls on September 15 shall be the immediately preceding September 1. 

Section 2.08. NO
SINKING FUND. 

There shall be no sinking fund with respect to the Securities. 

11 

Section 2.09. DEFAULTED INTEREST. 

If and to the extent the Company defaults in a payment of interest on the Securities, the Company shall pay in cash the defaulted interest in
any lawful manner plus, to the extent not prohibited by applicable statute or case law, interest on such defaulted interest at the rate provided in the Securities and in this Section 2.09. The Company may pay the defaulted interest (plus
interest on such defaulted interest) to the persons who are Securityholders on a subsequent record date as provided in Section 3.05(c) of the Base Indenture. 

The Company shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal on the
Securities at the rate equal to 1% per annum in excess of the then applicable interest rate on the Securities of that series to the extent lawful; it shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on
overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace period) on the Securities of any series at the same rate to the extent lawful. 

Section 2.10. CUSIP AND ISIN NUMBERS. 

The Company in issuing the Securities may use one or more CUSIP and ISIN numbers, and, if so, the Trustee shall use the CUSIP and ISIN numbers
in notices of repurchase or exchange as a convenience to Holders; provided, however, that no representation is hereby deemed to be made by the Trustee as to the correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP and ISIN numbers printed on the
notice or on the Securities; provided further, that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Securities, and the effectiveness of any such notice shall not be affected by any defect in, or omission of,
such CUSIP and ISIN numbers. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee of any change in the CUSIP and ISIN numbers. 

Section 2.11.
GLOBAL SECURITIES. 

The Securities shall initially be issued in the form of one of more Global
Securities, and the provisions of the Base Indenture (including, but not limited to, Section 3.06 and Section 3.08) relating to Global Securities shall apply to the Securities. 

Section 2.12. RANKING. 

The indebtedness of the Company arising under or in connection with this Indenture and every outstanding Security issued under this Indenture
from time to time constitutes and will constitute a senior unsecured obligation of the Company, ranking pari passu in right of payment with each other and with all other existing and future senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Unless
the context otherwise requires, the 2030 Notes shall be considered collectively to be a single class for all purposes of this Indenture and the 2035 Notes shall be considered collectively to be a single class for all purposes of this Indenture,
including without limitation waivers, amendments, redemptions and Change of Control Offers. 

Section 2.13. ADDITIONAL
SECURITIES. 

The Company may, from time to time, subject to compliance with any other applicable provisions of this
Indenture, without the consent of the Holders, create and issue pursuant to this Indenture additional securities (Additional Securities) having terms and conditions identical to those of the Securities, except that Additional
Securities: 

(i) may have a different issue date from the Securities; 

(ii) may have a different amount of interest payable on the first Interest Payment Date after issuance than is payable on other Securities;
and 

12 

(iii) may have terms specified in the Additional Securities Board Resolution or Additional
Securities Supplemental Indenture for such Additional Securities making appropriate adjustments to Article II and Exhibit A (and related definitions) applicable to such Additional Securities in order to conform to and ensure compliance with the
Securities Act (or other applicable securities laws) and any other agreement applicable to such Additional Securities, which are not adverse in any material respect to the Holder of any Securities (other than such Additional Securities);
provided, that no adjustment pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall cause such Additional Securities to constitute, as determined pursuant to an Opinion of Counsel, a different class of securities than the Original Securities for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. The Original Securities and any Additional Securities would rank equally and ratably and would be treated as a single series of debt securities for all purposes under the Indenture. 

ARTICLE III OPTIONAL REDEMPTION; MANDATORY REDEMPTION 

Section 3.01. NOTICETO TRUSTEE. 

If the Company elects to redeem Securities pursuant to the optional redemption provisions of Section 3.02 hereof, it shall furnish to the
Trustee, at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, an Officers Certificate setting forth (1) the redemption date, (2) the principal amount of the 2030 Notes and/or the 2035 Notes, as applicable, to be
redeemed and (3) the redemption price for each of the 2030 Notes and/or the 2035 Notes, as applicable (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount). 

Section 3.02. OPTIONAL REDEMPTION. 

(a) The 2030 Notes are redeemable at the Companys election, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time. If the Company
redeems the 2030 Notes prior to February 15, 2030 (one month prior to their maturity date), it will pay a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(1) 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes to be redeemed then outstanding; and 

(2) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the
redemption date (assuming the 2030 Notes matured on the First Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the
Treasury Rate for the 2030 Notes plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; 

plus, in either of the above cases,
accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption on the 2030 Notes to be redeemed. 

(b) The 2035 Notes are redeemable at the
Companys election, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time. If the Company redeems the 2035 Notes prior to December 15, 2034 (three months prior to their maturity date), it will pay a redemption price (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(1) 100% of the principal
amount of the 2035 Notes to be redeemed then outstanding; and 

(2) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining
scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2035 Notes matured on the First Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of
twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate for the 2035 Notes plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; 

plus, in either of the above cases, accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption on the 2035 Notes to be redeemed. 

(c) If the Company redeems the 2030 Notes on or after February 15, 2030 (one month prior to their maturity date), it will pay a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. If the Company redeems the 2035 Notes on or after December 15, 2034 (three months prior to their
maturity date), it will pay a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 

13 

(d) The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall
be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

(e) If the optional redemption date is on or after a Regular Record
Date and on or before the related Interest Payment Date, the accrued and unpaid interest, if any, will be paid to the person in whose name the security is registered at the close of business on such Regular Record Date. 

(f) Any redemption pursuant to this Section 3.02 shall be made pursuant to Section 3.01 hereof and the provisions of Article 9 of
the Base Indenture. 

Section 3.03. MANDATORY REDEMPTION. 

The Company shall not be required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Securities. 

ARTICLE IV COVENANTS 

Section 4.01. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS. 

In addition to those Covenants set forth in Article 4 of the Base Indenture, the Company shall comply with the following covenants: 

(a) Limitation on Liens. 

The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, allow any Lien on any of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
property or assets (which includes Capital Stock) securing Indebtedness, unless the Lien secures the Securities equally and ratably with, or prior to, any other Indebtedness secured by such Lien, so long as such other Indebtedness is so secured,
other than Permitted Liens. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, and may permit any of its Subsidiaries to, incur Liens
securing Indebtedness without equally and ratably securing the Securities if, after giving effect to the incurrence of such Liens, the aggregate amount (without duplication) of the Indebtedness secured by Liens (other than Permitted Liens) on the
property or assets (which includes Capital Stock) of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not exceed the Permitted Amount at the time of the incurrence of such Liens (it being understood that Liens securing SpectraSite ABS Facility shall be deemed
to be incurred pursuant to this paragraph). For the avoidance of doubt, incur means to create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly liable, contingently or otherwise. 

(b) Repurchase of the Securities Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event. 

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, each Holder of Securities shall have the right to require the Company to
repurchase all or any part, equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 thereafter, of that Holders Securities, provided that any unpurchased portion of the Securities shall equal $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000
thereafter, pursuant to an offer (the Change of Control Offer) on the terms set forth in this Indenture at an offer price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Securities repurchased plus accrued and unpaid
interest on the Securities up to but excluding the applicable date of repurchase (the Change of Control Payment). Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, if the Company had not, prior to the Change of
Control Triggering Event, sent a redemption notice for all the Securities in connection with an optional redemption permitted by Section 3.02 hereof, the Company shall mail or caused to be mailed a notice to each registered Holder briefly
describing the transaction or transactions that constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase Securities on the date specified in such notice (the Change of Control Payment Date), which date shall be
no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date the notice is mailed, pursuant to the procedures required by this Indenture and described in such notice. 

14 

The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule
14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent such laws and regulations are applicable to any Change of Control Offer. To the extent that the provisions of
any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of this Section 4.01(b), the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the provisions
of this Section 4.01(b) by virtue of such conflict. 

On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful:

(1) accept for payment all Securities or portions thereof properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; 

(2) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Securities or portions
thereof properly tendered; and 

(3) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Securities so accepted together
with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Securities or portions thereof being purchased by the Company. 

The Paying Agent will promptly mail to each registered Holder of Securities so tendered the Change of Control Payment for such Securities, and
the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (at the Companys expense), or cause to be transferred by book entry, to each Holder a new Security equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Securities surrendered, if any;
provided that each such new Security shall be in a principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 thereafter. Any Security so accepted for payment shall cease to accrue interest on and after the Change of Control Payment Date.

This Section 4.01(b) shall be applicable, except as described in this Section 4.01(b), regardless of whether or not any other
provisions of this Indenture are applicable. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to make a Change of Control
Offer upon a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in this Section 4.01(b) applicable to a Change of Control
Offer made by the Company and purchases all Securities properly tendered and not withdrawn under the Change of Control Offer. 

The Company
may make a Change of Control Offer in advance of a Change of Control Triggering Event, and conditional upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Triggering Event, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control Triggering Event
at the time of making the Change of Control Offer. 

ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 5.01. CONFLICTOF ANY PROVISIONOF INDENTUREWITH TRUST INDENTURE ACT. 

If and to the extent that any provision of this
Supplemental Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision included in this Supplemental Indenture by operation of Sections 310 to 317, inclusive, of the Trust Indenture Act (an incorporated provision), such
incorporated provision shall control. 

Section 5.02. DUPLICATE ORIGINALS. 

The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together
represent the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof. 

15 

Section 5.03. NEW YORK LAWTO
GOVERN. 

THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND
THE SECURITIES. 

Section 5.04. NO ADVERSE INTERPRETATIONOF OTHER
AGREEMENTS. 

This Supplemental Indenture and the Base Indenture may not be used to interpret another indenture, loan or
debt agreement of the Company or its Subsidiaries or of any other Person. Any such indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Supplemental Indenture or the Base Indenture. 

Section 5.05. SUCCESSORSAND ASSIGNSOF COMPANY BOUNDBY SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE. 

All the covenants, stipulations, promises and agreements in
this Supplemental Indenture contained by or in behalf of the Company shall bind their successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. All the covenants, stipulations, promises and agreements in this Supplemental Indenture contained by or in
behalf of the Trustee shall bind their successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 

Section 5.06. SEVERABILITY. 

If any provision of this Supplemental shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, then the remaining provisions
hereof shall be construed as though such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision were not contained herein. 

Section 5.07.
EFFECTOF HEADINGS. 

The Article and Section headings in this Supplemental Indenture and
the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

[The Remainder of This Page
Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows] 

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be
duly executed as of the date first above written. 

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION

By: /s/ Ruth T. Dowling

Name: Ruth T. Dowling

Title: Executive Vice President,

Chief Administrative Officer,

General Counsel and Secretary

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS TRUSTEE

By: /s/ Ivy L Wegener

Name: Ivy L Wegener

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Supplemental Indenture No. 8] 

EXHIBIT A-1

[Face of Security] 

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 

Certificate No. _______ 

[INSERT GLOBAL SECURITY
LEGEND AS REQUIRED] 

4.900% Senior Notes due 2030 

CUSIP No. 03027XCN8 

ISIN No.
US03027XCN84 

American Tower Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), for value received, hereby promises to
pay to Cede & Co., or its registered assigns, the principal sum of dollars ($) on March 15, 2030 and to pay interest thereon, as provided on the reverse hereof, until the
principal and any unpaid and accrued interest are paid or duly provided for. 

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15,
with the first payment to be made on September 15, 2025. 

Regular Record Dates: March 1 and September 1. 

The provisions on the back of this certificate are incorporated as if set forth on the face hereof. 

A-1-1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, American Tower Corporation has caused this instrument to be duly
signed. 

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION

By: 

Name:

Title:

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated _______________ 

A-1-2 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: 

A-1-3 

[REVERSE OF SECURITY] 

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 

4.900% Senior Notes due 2030 

(the Securities) 

1. Interest. American Tower Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), promises to pay interest on the
principal amount of this Security at the rate per annum shown above. The Company will pay interest, payable semi-annually in arrears, on March 15 and September 15 of each year, with the first payment to be made on September 15,
2025. Interest on the Securities will accrue on the principal amount from, and including, the most recent date to which interest has been paid or provided for or, if no interest has been paid, from, and including, March 14, 2025, in each case
to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date or the Stated Maturity for the payment of principal on the Securities, as the case may be; provided that if there is no existing Default in the payment of interest, the Company shall pay
interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal and premium, if any, from time to time on demand at a rate that is 1% per annum in excess of the rate then in effect; it shall pay interest
(including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) from time to time on demand at the same rate to the extent lawful. Interest shall be
computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. 

2. Maturity. The Securities will mature on March 15, 2030. 

3. Method of Payment. Except as provided in the Indenture (as defined below), the Company shall pay interest on the Securities to the
persons who are Holders of record of Securities at the close of business on the Regular Record Date set forth on the face of this Security next preceding the applicable Interest Payment Date. Holders must surrender Securities to a Paying Agent to
collect the principal amount. The Company shall pay, in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts, all amounts due in cash with respect to the Securities, which amounts shall be
paid (A) in the case this Security is a Global Security, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated by the Depository for the Securities or its nominee; and (B) in the case this Security is a Physical
Security, by mailing a check to the address of the relevant Holder set forth in the Security Register for the Securities. The Company shall pay, in cash, interest on any overdue amount (including, to the extent permitted by applicable law, overdue
interest) at the rate borne by the Securities. 

4. Paying Agent and Registrar. Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association (the Trustee) shall act as Paying Agent and Registrar. The Company may change any Paying Agent or Registrar upon prior written notice to the Trustee. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act in any such capacity.

5. Indenture. The Company issued the Securities under an indenture dated as of June 1, 2022(as amended, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Base Indenture) between the Company and the Trustee, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified by the Supplemental Indenture No. 8 (the
Supplemental Indenture), dated as of March 14, 2025, between the Company and the Trustee (the Base Indenture, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified by the Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture).
The terms of the Securities include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code 77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as amended and in effect
from time to time. The Securities are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision of this Security conflicts with the express provisions of the
Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling. The Securities are general unsecured senior obligations of the Company. The Original Securities are limited to $650,000,000 aggregate principal amount, except as otherwise
provided in the Indenture (except for Securities issued in substitution for destroyed, mutilated, lost or stolen Securities). Subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture and without the consent of the Holders, the Company may issue
Additional Securities. All Securities, including any Additional Securities, shall be treated as a single class of securities under the Indenture. Terms used herein without definition and that are defined in the Indenture have the meanings assigned
to them in the Indenture. 

A-1-4 

6. Optional Redemption. The Securities are redeemable at the Companys election,
in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time. If the Company redeems the Securities prior to the First Par Call Date, the Company will pay a redemption price equal to the greater of: 

(1) 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed then outstanding; and 

(2) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date
(assuming the 2030 Notes matured on the First Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate for
the 2030 Notes plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; 

plus, in either of the above cases, accrued and unpaid
interest to the date of redemption on the Securities to be redeemed. 

If the Company redeems the Securities on or after the First Par Call
Date, the Company will pay a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

If the Company selects a redemption date that is on or after a Regular Record Date and on or before the related Interest
Payment Date, the accrued and unpaid interest, if any, shall be paid to the person in whose name the Security is registered at the close of business on such Regular Record Date. 

The Company shall mail or cause to be mailed a notice of redemption at least 10 days, but not more than 60 days, before the redemption date to
each Holder of the Securities to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Securities or a
satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture. Notices of redemption may not be conditional. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the
redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest shall cease to accrue on the Securities or portions thereof called for redemption. Securities called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. 

For purposes of the foregoing, the following terms have the following meanings: 

First Par Call Date means February 15, 2030. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as
yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such
time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company
shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15
immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if

A-1-5 

there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For
purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM or any successor designation or publication is no
longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the
United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury
securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with
a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall
select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New
York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices
(expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

7. No Mandatory Redemption. The Company shall not be required to make mandatory redemption payments with respect to the Securities.

8. Repurchase at Option of Holder. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, and subject to certain conditions
set forth in the Indenture, the Company shall be required to offer to purchase all of the outstanding Securities at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to the date of
repurchase. 

9. Notice of Redemption. Notice of redemption shall be mailed at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the
redemption date to each Holder whose Securities are to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with Article 10 or Article
11 of the Base Indenture. Securities in denominations larger than $2,000 may be redeemed in part but only in whole multiples of $1,000, unless all of the Securities held by a Holder are to be redeemed. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the
redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest shall cease to accrue on Securities or portions thereof called for redemption. 

10. Denominations, Transfer, Exchange. The Securities are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 principal
amount and integral multiples of $1,000 principal amount. The transfer of Securities may be registered and Securities may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate
endorsements and transfer documents. No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or similar governmental charge that may be imposed in
connection with certain transfers or exchanges. The Company shall not be required to register the transfer of or exchange any Security selected for redemption, except for the unredeemed portion of any Security being redeemed in part. Also, the
Company need not exchange or register the transfer of any Securities for a period of 10 days next preceding the first mailing of notice of redemption of Securities to be redeemed. 

11. Persons Deemed Owners. The registered Holder of a Security shall be treated as the owner of such Security for all purposes. 

12. Merger or Consolidation. The Company shall not consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, transfer, lease, convey or
otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property or assets to, another Person (including pursuant to a statutory arrangement), whether in a single transaction or series of related transactions, unless it complies with Article 8 of
the Base Indenture. 

A-1-6 

13. Amendments, Supplements and Waivers. The Indenture or the Securities may be
amended or supplemented as provided in the Indenture. 

14. Defaults and Remedies. The Events of Default relating to the Securities
are defined in Section 5.01 of the Base Indenture. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the then outstanding Securities may declare the principal, premium, if any,
interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding Securities to be due and payable immediately. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Event of Default arising from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, all
outstanding Securities shall become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. 

Holders may not enforce the Indenture
or the Securities except as provided in the Indenture. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Securities may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee
may withhold from Holders of the Securities notice of any continuing Default (except a Default relating to the payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest) if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. The Holders of a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities then outstanding by notice to the Trustee may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Securities waive any existing Default and its consequences under the Indenture except a continuing Default
in payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest, if any, on, any of the Securities held by a non-consenting Holder. The Company is required to deliver to the Trustee annually a statement regarding
compliance with the Indenture, and the Company is required upon becoming aware of any Default or Event of Default, to deliver to the Trustee a statement specifying such Default or Event of Default. 

15. Trustee Dealings with the Company. The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from,
and perform services for the Company or its affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company or its affiliates, as if it were not the Trustee. 

16. No Recourse Against Others.A director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder, of the Company, as such, shall not
have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Securities or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Security waives and releases all
such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Securities. 

17. Authentication. This
Security shall not be valid until authenticated by the manual, facsimile or electronic signature of the Trustee or an authenticating agent in accordance with the Indenture. 

18. Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common),
TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

19. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures,
the Company has caused CUSIP and ISIN numbers to be printed on the Securities and the Trustee may use CUSIP and ISIN numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as
printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of redemption and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. 

THE COMPANY SHALL FURNISH TO ANY HOLDER UPON WRITTEN REQUEST AND WITHOUT CHARGE A COPY OF THE BASE INDENTURE OR THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE.
REQUESTS MAY BE MADE TO: 

American Tower Corporation 

116 Huntington Avenue 

Boston, MA
02116 

Telephone No.: (617) 375-7500

Attention: Investor Relations 

A-1-7 

[FORM OF ASSIGNMENT] 

I or we assign to 

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR 

OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER 

(please print or type name and address) 

the within Security and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint 

Attorney to transfer the Security on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated: 

NOTICE: The signature on this assignment must correspond with the name as it appears upon the face of the
within Security in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever and be guaranteed by a guarantor institution participating in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or in such other guarantee program
acceptable to the Trustee. 

Signature Guarantee:_____________________________________

A-1-1 

Option of Holder to Elect Purchase 

If you want to elect to have only part of the Security purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.01(b) of the Supplemental Indenture, state the
amount you elect to have purchased: 

$_______________

Date:________________

Your Signature:______________________________

(Sign exactly as your name appears on

the face of this Security)

Tax Identification No.:______________________

Signature Guarantee*:___________________

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

A-1-2 

SCHEDULE A 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL SECURITY* 

The initial principal amount of this Global Security is $ . The following exchanges of a part of this Global Security for an interest in
another Global Security or for Securities in certificated form, have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease in

Principal Amount of

this
Global Security 

Amount of increase in

Principal Amount of

this
Global Security 

Principal Amount of

this Global Security

following such decrease

(or
increase) 

Signature of

authorized officer of

Trustee or

Custodian

* 

This schedule should be included only if the Security is issued in global form. 

A-1-3 

EXHIBIT A-2

[Face of Security] 

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 

Certificate No. _______ 

[INSERT GLOBAL SECURITY
LEGEND AS REQUIRED] 

5.350% Senior Notes due 2035 

CUSIP No. 03027XCP3 

ISIN No.
US03027XCP33 

American Tower Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), for value received, hereby promises to
pay to Cede & Co., or its registered assigns, the principal sum of dollars ($) on March 15, 2035 and to pay interest thereon, as provided on the reverse hereof, until the
principal and any unpaid and accrued interest are paid or duly provided for. 

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15,
with the first payment to be made on September 15, 2025. 

Regular Record Dates: March 1 and September 1. 

The provisions on the back of this certificate are incorporated as if set forth on the face hereof. 

A-2-1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, American Tower Corporation has caused this instrument to be duly signed. 

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION

By: 

Name:

Title:

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated _______________ 

A-2-2 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: 

A-2-3 

[REVERSE OF SECURITY] 

AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 

5.350% Senior Notes due 2035 

(the Securities) 

1. Interest. American Tower Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), promises to pay interest on the
principal amount of this Security at the rate per annum shown above. The Company will pay interest, payable semi-annually in arrears, on March 15 and September 15 of each year, with the first payment to be made on September 15,
2025. Interest on the Securities will accrue on the principal amount from, and including, the most recent date to which interest has been paid or provided for or, if no interest has been paid, from, and including, March 14, 2025, in each case
to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date or the Stated Maturity for the payment of principal on the Securities, as the case may be; provided that if there is no existing Default in the payment of interest, the Company shall pay
interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal and premium, if any, from time to time on demand at a rate that is 1% per annum in excess of the rate then in effect; it shall pay interest
(including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) from time to time on demand at the same rate to the extent lawful. Interest shall be
computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. 

2. Maturity. The Securities will mature on March 15, 2035. 

3. Method of Payment. Except as provided in the Indenture (as defined below), the Company shall pay interest on the Securities to the
persons who are Holders of record of Securities at the close of business on the Regular Record Date set forth on the face of this Security next preceding the applicable Interest Payment Date. Holders must surrender Securities to a Paying Agent to
collect the principal amount. The Company shall pay, in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts, all amounts due in cash with respect to the Securities, which amounts shall be
paid (A) in the case this Security is a Global Security, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated by the Depository for the Securities or its nominee; and (B) in the case this Security is a Physical
Security, by mailing a check to the address of the relevant Holder set forth in the Security Register for the Securities. The Company shall pay, in cash, interest on any overdue amount (including, to the extent permitted by applicable law, overdue
interest) at the rate borne by the Securities. 

4. Paying Agent and Registrar. Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association (the Trustee) shall act as Paying Agent and Registrar. The Company may change any Paying Agent or Registrar upon prior written notice to the Trustee. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act in any such capacity.

5. Indenture. The Company issued the Securities under an indenture dated as of June 1, 2022(as amended, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Base Indenture) between the Company and the Trustee, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified by the Supplemental Indenture No. 8 (the
Supplemental Indenture), dated as of March 14, 2025, between the Company and the Trustee (the Base Indenture, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified by the Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture).
The terms of the Securities include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code 77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as amended and in effect
from time to time. The Securities are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision of this Security conflicts with the express provisions of the
Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling. The Securities are general unsecured senior obligations of the Company. The Original Securities are limited to $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount, except as otherwise
provided in the Indenture (except for Securities issued in substitution for destroyed, mutilated, lost or stolen Securities). Subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture and without the consent of the Holders, the Company may issue
Additional Securities. All Securities, including any Additional Securities, shall be treated as a single class of securities under the Indenture. Terms used herein without definition and that are defined in the Indenture have the meanings assigned
to them in the Indenture. 

6. Optional Redemption. The Securities are redeemable at the Companys election, in whole or in
part, at any time and from time to time. If the Company redeems the Securities prior to the First Par Call Date, the Company will pay a redemption price equal to the greater of: 

A-2-4 

(1) 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed then outstanding; and 

(2) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date
(assuming the 2035 Notes matured on the First Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate for
the 2035 Notes plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; 

plus, in either of the above cases, accrued and unpaid
interest to the date of redemption on the Securities to be redeemed. 

If the Company redeems the Securities on or after the First Par Call
Date, the Company will pay a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

If the Company selects a redemption date that is on or after a Regular Record Date and on or before the related Interest
Payment Date, the accrued and unpaid interest, if any, shall be paid to the person in whose name the Security is registered at the close of business on such Regular Record Date. 

The Company shall mail or cause to be mailed a notice of redemption at least 10 days, but not more than 60 days, before the redemption date to
each Holder of the Securities to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Securities or a
satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture. Notices of redemption may not be conditional. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the
redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest shall cease to accrue on the Securities or portions thereof called for redemption. Securities called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. 

For purposes of the foregoing, the following terms have the following meanings: 

First Par Call Date means December 15, 2034. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as
yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such
time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company
shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15
immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no
such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant
maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

A-2-5 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM or any successor
designation or publication is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day
preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are
two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the
United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the
preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States
Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the
average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

7. No Mandatory Redemption. The Company shall not be required to make mandatory redemption payments with respect to the Securities.

8. Repurchase at Option of Holder. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, and subject to certain conditions
set forth in the Indenture, the Company shall be required to offer to purchase all of the outstanding Securities at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to the date of
repurchase. 

9. Notice of Redemption. Notice of redemption shall be mailed at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the
redemption date to each Holder whose Securities are to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with Article 10 or Article
11 of the Base Indenture. Securities in denominations larger than $2,000 may be redeemed in part but only in whole multiples of $1,000, unless all of the Securities held by a Holder are to be redeemed. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the
redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest shall cease to accrue on Securities or portions thereof called for redemption. 

10. Denominations, Transfer, Exchange. The Securities are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 principal
amount and integral multiples of $1,000 principal amount. The transfer of Securities may be registered and Securities may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate
endorsements and transfer documents. No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or similar governmental charge that may be imposed in
connection with certain transfers or exchanges. The Company shall not be required to register the transfer of or exchange any Security selected for redemption, except for the unredeemed portion of any Security being redeemed in part. Also, the
Company need not exchange or register the transfer of any Securities for a period of 10 days next preceding the first mailing of notice of redemption of Securities to be redeemed. 

11. Persons Deemed Owners. The registered Holder of a Security shall be treated as the owner of such Security for all purposes. 

12. Merger or Consolidation. The Company shall not consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, transfer, lease, convey or
otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property or assets to, another Person (including pursuant to a statutory arrangement), whether in a single transaction or series of related transactions, unless it complies with Article 8 of
the Base Indenture. 

13. Amendments, Supplements and Waivers. The Indenture or the Securities may be amended or supplemented as
provided in the Indenture. 

A-2-6 

14. Defaults and Remedies. The Events of Default relating to the Securities are
defined in Section 5.01 of the Base Indenture. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the then outstanding Securities may declare the principal, premium, if any,
interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding Securities to be due and payable immediately. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Event of Default arising from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, all
outstanding Securities shall become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. 

Holders may not enforce the Indenture
or the Securities except as provided in the Indenture. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Securities may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee
may withhold from Holders of the Securities notice of any continuing Default (except a Default relating to the payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest) if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. The Holders of a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities then outstanding by notice to the Trustee may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Securities waive any existing Default and its consequences under the Indenture except a continuing Default
in payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest, if any, on, any of the Securities held by a non-consenting Holder. The Company is required to deliver to the Trustee annually a statement regarding
compliance with the Indenture, and the Company is required upon becoming aware of any Default or Event of Default, to deliver to the Trustee a statement specifying such Default or Event of Default. 

15. Trustee Dealings with the Company. The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from,
and perform services for the Company or its affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company or its affiliates, as if it were not the Trustee. 

16. No Recourse Against Others.A director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder, of the Company, as such, shall not
have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Securities or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Security waives and releases all
such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Securities. 

17. Authentication. This
Security shall not be valid until authenticated by the manual, facsimile or electronic signature of the Trustee or an authenticating agent in accordance with the Indenture. 

18. Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common),
TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

19. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures,
the Company has caused CUSIP and ISIN numbers to be printed on the Securities and the Trustee may use CUSIP and ISIN numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as
printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of redemption and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. 

THE COMPANY SHALL FURNISH TO ANY HOLDER UPON WRITTEN REQUEST AND WITHOUT CHARGE A COPY OF THE BASE INDENTURE OR THE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE.
REQUESTS MAY BE MADE TO: 

American Tower Corporation 

116 Huntington Avenue 

Boston, MA
02116 

Telephone No.: (617) 375-7500

Attention: Investor Relations 

A-2-7 

[FORM OF ASSIGNMENT] 

I or we assign to

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR

OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER

(please print or type name and address)

the within Security and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably
constitute and appoint

Attorney to transfer the Security on the books of the Company with
full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: 

NOTICE: The signature on this assignment must correspond with the name as it appears upon the face of the
within Security in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever and be guaranteed by a guarantor institution participating in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or in such other guarantee program
acceptable to the Trustee. 

Signature Guarantee:_____________________________________

A-2-8 

Option of Holder to Elect Purchase 

If you want to elect to have only part of the Security purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 4.01(b) of the Supplemental Indenture, state the
amount you elect to have purchased: 

$_______________

Date:________________

Your Signature:______________________________

(Sign exactly as your name appears on

the face of this Security)

Tax Identification No.:______________________

Signature Guarantee*:___________________

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

A-2-9 

SCHEDULE A 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL SECURITY* 

The initial principal amount of this Global Security is $ . The following exchanges of a part of this Global Security for an interest in
another Global Security or for Securities in certificated form, have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease in

Principal Amount of

this
Global Security 

Amount of increase in

Principal Amount of

this
Global Security 

Principal Amount of

this Global Security

following such decrease

(or
increase) 

Signature of

authorized officer of

Trustee or

Custodian

* 

This schedule should be included only if the Security is issued in global form. 

A-2-10 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF LEGEND FOR GLOBAL SECURITIES 

Any Global Security authenticated and delivered hereunder shall bear a legend in substantially the following form: 

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF
THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, WHICH SHALL BE TREATED BY THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY AGENT THEREOF AS OWNER AND HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY FOR ALL PURPOSES. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, TO THE COMPANY OR ITS
AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (AND ANY
PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE
LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE. 

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d904653dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

CLEARY GOTTLIEB STEEN & HAMILTON LLP

AMERICAS

NEW YORK

SAN FRANCISCO

SO PAULO

SILICON VALLEY

WASHINGTON, D.C.

ASIA

BEIJING

HONG KONG

SEOUL 

One Liberty Plaza

New York, NY 10006-1470

T: +1 212
225 2000

F: +1 212 225 3999

clearygottlieb.com

Writers Direct Dial: +1 212 225 2530

E-Mail : flodell@cgsh.com 

EUROPE & MIDDLE EAST

ABU DHABI

BRUSSELS

COLOGNE

FRANKFURT

LONDON

MILAN

PARIS

ROME

March 14, 2025 

American Tower Corporation 

116 Huntington Avenue 

Boston, Massachusetts 02116 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as special counsel to American Tower Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with its
offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-265348), as amended as of its most recent effective date (March 11, 2025), insofar as it relates to
the Securities (as defined below) (as determined for purposes of Rule 430B(f)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)) (as so amended, including the documents incorporated by reference therein but excluding
Exhibit 25, the Registration Statement), and the prospectus dated June 1, 2022 (the Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the prospectus supplement thereto dated March 11, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement,
and together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus), of $650,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.900% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.350% Senior Notes
due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the 2030 Notes, the Securities). The Securities were issued under an indenture dated as of June 1, 2022 (the Base Indenture) between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented, with respect to the Securities, by Supplemental Indenture No. 8 thereto dated as of March 14, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture, and together
with the Base Indenture, the Indenture). 

In arriving at the opinion expressed below, we have reviewed the following
documents: 

(a) 

the Registration Statement; 

(b) 

the Prospectus; 

(c) 

an executed copy of the Underwriting Agreement dated March 11, 2025 between the Company and the several
underwriters named in Schedule A thereto; 

(d) 

executed copies of the Base Indenture and the Supplemental Indenture; 

American Tower Corporation, p. 2 

(e) 

facsimile copies of the Securities in global form as executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee;
and 

(f) 

copies of the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws certified by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and the corporate secretary of the Company, respectively. 

In addition, we have reviewed the originals or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction of all such corporate records of the Company and
such other documents, and we have made such investigations of law, as we have deemed appropriate as a basis for the opinion expressed below. 

In rendering the opinion expressed below, we have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to
the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies. In addition, we have assumed and have not verified the accuracy as to factual matters of each document we have reviewed. 

Based on the foregoing, and subject to the further assumptions and qualifications set forth below, it is our opinion that the Securities are
the valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Company, entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. 

Insofar as the foregoing
opinion relates to the validity, binding effect or enforceability of any agreement or obligation of the Company, (a) we have assumed that the Company and each other party to such agreement or obligation has satisfied those legal requirements
that are applicable to it to the extent necessary to make such agreement or obligation enforceable against it (except that no such assumption is made as to the Company regarding matters of the law of the State of New York or the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware that in our experience normally would be applicable to general business entities with respect to such agreement or obligation), (b) we express no opinion with respect to the effect of any mandatory choice of law rules
and (c) such opinion is subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity. 

The foregoing opinion is limited to the law of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

We hereby consent to the use of our name in the Prospectus Supplement under the heading Legal Matters and in the Base Prospectus
under the heading Validity of the Securities, as counsel for the Company that has passed on the validity of the Securities and to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 14, 2025. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder. 

The opinion expressed herein is rendered on and as of the date hereof, and we assume no
obligation to advise you or any other person, or to make any investigations, as to any legal developments or factual matters arising subsequent to the date hereof that might affect the opinion expressed herein. 

Very truly yours,

CLEARY GOTTLIEB STEEN & HAMILTON LLP

By: /s/ Francesca L. Odell

Francesca L. Odell, a Partner
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>amt-20250314.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>amt-20250314_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>amt-20250314_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

A 1375 Senior Notes Due 2025 [Member] 
A 1375 Senior Notes Due 2025 [Member] 

A 1950 Senior Notes Due 2026 [Member] 
A 1950 Senior Notes Due 2026 [Member] 

A 0450 Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member] 
A 0450 Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member] 

A 0400 Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member] 
A 0400 Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member] 

A 4125 Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member] 
A 4125 Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member] 

A 0500 Senior Notes Due 2028 [Member] 
A 0500 Senior Notes Due 2028 [Member] 

A 0875 Senior Notes Due 2029 [Member] 
A 0875 Senior Notes Due 2029 [Member] 

A 0950 Senior Notes Due 2030 [Member] 
A 0950 Senior Notes Due 2030 [Member] 

A 3.900 Senior Notes Due 2030 [Member] 
A 3.900 Senior Notes Due 2030 [Member] 

A 4625 Senior Notes Due 2031 [Member] 
A 4625 Senior Notes Due 2031 [Member] 

A 1000 Senior Notes Due 2032 [Member] 
A 1000 Senior Notes Due 2032 [Member] 

A 1250 Senior Notes Due 2033 [Member] 
A 1250 Senior Notes Due 2033 [Member] 

A 4.100 Senior Notes Due 2034 [Member] 
A 4.100 Senior Notes Due 2034 [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>amt-20250314_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g904653g48f30.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 14, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name AMERICAN TOWER CORP /MA/

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001053507

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 14, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-14195

Entity Tax Identification Number 65-0723837

Entity Address, Address Line One 116 Huntington Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Boston

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02116

City Area Code (617)

Local Phone Number 375-7500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol AMT

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 1375 Senior Notes Due 2025 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 1.375% Senior Notes due 2025

Trading Symbol AMT 25A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 1950 Senior Notes Due 2026 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 1.950% Senior Notes due 2026

Trading Symbol AMT 26B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 0450 Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 0.450% Senior Notes due 2027

Trading Symbol AMT 27C

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 0400 Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 0.400% Senior Notes due 2027

Trading Symbol AMT 27D

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 4125 Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 4.125% Senior Notes due 2027

Trading Symbol AMT 27F

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 0500 Senior Notes Due 2028 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 0.500% Senior Notes due 2028

Trading Symbol AMT 28A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 0875 Senior Notes Due 2029 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 0.875% Senior Notes due 2029

Trading Symbol AMT 29B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 0950 Senior Notes Due 2030 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 0.950% Senior Notes due 2030

Trading Symbol AMT 30C

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 3.900 Senior Notes Due 2030 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 3.900% Senior Notes due 2030

Trading Symbol AMT 30D

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 4625 Senior Notes Due 2031 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 4.625% Senior Notes due 2031

Trading Symbol AMT 31B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 1000 Senior Notes Due 2032 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 1.000% Senior Notes due 2032

Trading Symbol AMT 32

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 1250 Senior Notes Due 2033 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 1.250% Senior Notes due 2033

Trading Symbol AMT 33

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 4.100 Senior Notes Due 2034 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 4.100% Senior Notes due 2034

Trading Symbol AMT 34A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: amt_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: amt_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A1375SeniorNotesDue2025Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A1950SeniorNotesDue2026Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A0450SeniorNotesDue2027Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A0400SeniorNotesDue2027Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A4125SeniorNotesDue2027Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A0500SeniorNotesDue2028Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A0875SeniorNotesDue2029Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A0950SeniorNotesDue2030Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A3.900SeniorNotesDue2030Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A4625SeniorNotesDue2031Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A1000SeniorNotesDue2032Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A1250SeniorNotesDue2033Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=amt_A4.100SeniorNotesDue2034Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
15 
22 
1 
false 
14 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.americantower.com//20250314/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

amt-20250314.xsd 
amt-20250314_def.xml 
amt-20250314_lab.xml 
amt-20250314_pre.xml 
d904653d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-054806-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d904653d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001053507 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

amt:A1375SeniorNotesDue2025Member 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

amt:A1950SeniorNotesDue2026Member 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

amt:A0450SeniorNotesDue2027Member 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

amt:A0400SeniorNotesDue2027Member 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

amt:A4125SeniorNotesDue2027Member 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

amt:A0500SeniorNotesDue2028Member 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

amt:A0875SeniorNotesDue2029Member 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

amt:A0950SeniorNotesDue2030Member 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

amt:A3.900SeniorNotesDue2030Member 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

amt:A4625SeniorNotesDue2031Member 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

amt:A1000SeniorNotesDue2032Member 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

amt:A1250SeniorNotesDue2033Member 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0001053507 

amt:A4.100SeniorNotesDue2034Member 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

AMERICAN TOWER CORP /MA/ 
false 
0001053507 
8-K 
2025-03-14 
DE 
001-14195 
65-0723837 
116 Huntington Avenue 
Boston 
MA 
02116 
(617) 
375-7500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
AMT 
NYSE 
1.375% Senior Notes due 2025 
AMT 25A 
NYSE 
1.950% Senior Notes due 2026 
AMT 26B 
NYSE 
0.450% Senior Notes due 2027 
AMT 27C 
NYSE 
0.400% Senior Notes due 2027 
AMT 27D 
NYSE 
4.125% Senior Notes due 2027 
AMT 27F 
NYSE 
0.500% Senior Notes due 2028 
AMT 28A 
NYSE 
0.875% Senior Notes due 2029 
AMT 29B 
NYSE 
0.950% Senior Notes due 2030 
AMT 30C 
NYSE 
3.900% Senior Notes due 2030 
AMT 30D 
NYSE 
4.625% Senior Notes due 2031 
AMT 31B 
NYSE 
1.000% Senior Notes due 2032 
AMT 32 
NYSE 
1.250% Senior Notes due 2033 
AMT 33 
NYSE 
4.100% Senior Notes due 2034 
AMT 34A 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>