<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001603145-25-000003.txt : 20250128
<SEC-HEADER>0001603145-25-000003.hdr.sgml : 20250128
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250128072542
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001603145-25-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250123
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250128
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250128

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XPLR Infrastructure, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001603145
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				300818558
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36518
		FILM NUMBER:		25560909

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 UNIVERSE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			JUNO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-694-4697

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 UNIVERSE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			JUNO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210223

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NextEra Energy Partners, LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140319
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>nep-20250123.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?nep-20250123

false000160314512/3100016031452025-01-232025-01-2300016031452024-01-012024-12-31

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of earliest event reported:January 23, 2025

Commission

File

Number 

Exact name of registrant as specified in its

charter, address of principal executive offices and

registrant's telephone number IRS Employer

Identification

Number

1-36518 

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP 30-0818558

700 Universe Boulevard

Juno Beach, Florida33408

(561)694-4000

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization: Delaware

NextEra Energy Partners, LP

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol 

Name of exchange

on which registered

Common Units NEP New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

SECTION 1 - REGISTRANTS BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On January 27, 2025, Genesis Solar Funding, LLC (XPLR Member), an indirect subsidiary of XPLR Infrastructure, LP (the Partnership or partnership), and KKR Genesis TL Borrower LLC, as a holder of Class B interests, and representative of the Class B interest holders, in Genesis Solar Holdings, LLC (Genesis Holdings), entered into a second amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Genesis Holdings (as amended, the LLC Agreement), primarily to provide XPLR Member with the option, subject to conditions specified below, to extend the date until which it has the right to buy out all of the then remaining outstanding Class B interests in Genesis Holdings (Class B Interests) from December 17, 2030 to December 17, 2034 (extended buyout rights). If XPLR Member exercises the option for extended buyout rights and XPLR Member does not buy out a specified minimum amount of Class B Interests (each, a minimum buyout) prior to December 18 of each of 2030, 2031, 2032, 2033 and 2034 (each, a buyout deadline), the allocation of Genesis Holdings cash flows between the holders of the Class B Interests and XPLR Member will flip to be allocated from 25% to 99% to the holders of the Class B Interests and 75% to 1% for the XPLR Member, until the date of any subsequent buyout deadline (1) for which the minimum buyout has been completed on or prior to such deadline and (2) prior to which all previous minimum buyouts have been completed (deadline date), provided, however, until the deadline date, 85% of the amounts distributable in respect of Class B Interests held by XPLR Member and its affiliates shall instead be distributed to the other holders of Class B Interests. The extended buyout rights may be exercised in cash or, subject to specified advance notice requirements, Partnership common units.

Pursuant to the second amendment, XPLR Member will only be able to exercise extended buyout rights if:

XPLR Member acquires:

prior to December 18, 2026, at least 10% of the total number of outstanding Class B Interests as of immediately following the final closing of the sale of Class B Interests;

prior to December 18, 2027, at least 40% of the total number of outstanding Class B Interests as of immediately following the final closing of the sale of Class B Interests; 

prior to December 18, 2030 for the greater of:

at least 65% of the total number of Class B Interests outstanding as of immediately following the final closing of the sale of Class B Interests; or

a number of Class B Interests having an aggregate purchase price that is sufficient to extinguish specified debt financing of the other holders of Class B Interests, estimated to be approximately $400 million as of December 18, 2030; and 

prior to June 12, 2025, a Partnership subsidiary acquires all of the remaining outstanding Class B Interests in the convertible equity portfolio financing of NEP Renewables II, LLC for an aggregate purchase price estimated to be approximately $945 million as of June 12, 2025, in cash.

To the extent the foregoing conditions to the extended buyout rights are satisfied, XPLR Member's buyout price for the Class B Interests would be increased to a fixed pre-tax annual return of approximately 9.75% to the Class B Members in Genesis Holdings for the period starting December 18, 2030.

The foregoing description of the second amendment to the LLC Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Genesis Holdings, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

SECTION 2 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition

On January 28, 2025, the Partnership posted on its website a news release announcing, among other matters, fourth-quarter and full-year 2024 financial results for the Partnership. A copy of the news release is furnished as Exhibit 99, which is incorporated herein by reference.

SECTION 5 - CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

(b) On January 27, 2025, the following individuals resigned as officers of the Partnership as part of management changes accompanying the Partnership's strategic repositioning: John W. Ketchum, Chief Executive Officer; Rebecca J. Kujawa, President; and Brian W. Bolster, Chief Financial Officer. In addition on that day James M. May resigned as Chief Accounting Officer of the Partnership, but Mr. May will continue to serve as Controller and, in such capacity, will continue to serve as the Partnership's principal accounting officer.

(c) On January 27, 2025, also as part of management changes accompanying the Partnership's strategic repositioning, the Board of Directors of the Partnership (Board), following designation by NextEra Energy, Inc. (NextEra Energy), appointed:

Alan Liu, age 42, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership effective on January 27, 2025. In such capacity, Mr. Liu serves as the Partnerships principal executive officer. Mr. Liu joined NextEra Energy in 2021. Prior to his most recent appointment, Mr. Liu served as Vice President of the Partnership from September 2024. From May 2022 to September 2024, he was Executive Director of Risk Management of NextEra Energy. From April 2021 to May 2022, Mr. Liu was a Senior Director in Corporate Development at NextEra Energy. Prior to joining NextEra Energy, Mr. Liu served with Goldman Sachs, a global investment banking, securities and investment management firm, in various positions, most recently as Managing Director in Investment Banking, a position which he held from January 2018 until April 2021. 

Jessica Geoffroy, age 38, as Chief Financial Officer of the Partnership effective on January 27, 2025. In such capacity, Ms. Geoffroy serves as the Partnerships principal financial officer. Ms. Geoffroy joined NextEra Energy in 2018. Since May 2024, she has served in the energy marketing and trading business of NextEra Energy Resources, LLC (NEER), a subsidiary of NextEra Energy, as an Executive Director of Origination. From March 2023 to May 2024, Ms. Geoffroy served as an Executive Director of an investment subsidiary of NextEra Energy. From September 2020 to March 2023, she was a Director of Investor Relations for both NextEra Energy and the Partnership. From February 2018 to September 2020, Ms. Geoffroy served as a Director and Senior Director of Finance for the Partnership. 

Effective January 27, 2025, Mr. Lius base salary is payable at an annual rate of $650,000 and his annual incentive plan target is 55% of his base salary. In addition, Mr. Liu's equity compensation awards for 2025 to be granted in February 2025, consist of (i) performance-based restricted NextEra Energy common stock issued pursuant to the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan having a target grant date value of $539,000 that will vest fully in February 2028, and (ii) performance-based restricted Partnership common units issued pursuant to the Partnerships 2024 Long Term Incentive Plan (Partnership LTIP) having a target grant date value of $561,000 that will vest ratably over three years, commencing as of February 2025. Vesting of the performance-based restricted stock and vesting of the performance-based restricted units are subject to continued employment and the attainment of specified performance objectives for NextEra Energy or the Partnership. Effective January 27, 2025, additional compensation for Mr. Liu includes: (1) enhanced credits for purposes of calculating his defined benefit under NextEra Energys Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan; and (2) other personal benefits as are available to officers of NextEra Energy.

Effective January 27, 2025, Ms. Geoffroys base salary is payable at an annual rate of $330,000 and her annual incentive plan target is 40% of her base salary. In addition, Ms. Geoffroy's equity compensation awards for 2025, to be granted in February 2025, consist of (i) performance-based restricted NextEra Energy common stock pursuant to the NextEra Energy, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan having a target grant date value of $58,800 that will vest fully in February 2028, and (ii) performance-based restricted Partnership common units pursuant to the Partnership LTIP having a target grant date value of $61,200 that will vest ratably over three years, commencing as of February 2025. Vesting of the performance-based restricted stock and vesting of the performance-based restricted units are subject to continued employment and the attainment of specified performance objectives for NextEra Energy or the Partnership. Ms. Geoffroy also received a retention bonus consisting of a $100,000 cash payment that is subject to repayment if Ms. Geoffroys employment by NEER terminates during the 36-month period following execution of the retention agreement.

Mr. Liu and Ms. Geoffroy are employees of NextEra Energy and their services to the Partnership are furnished pursuant to and in accordance with the Fourth Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2023, among the Partnership, XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners GP, LLC, XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners, LP and NextEra Energy Management Partners, LP, for which the Partnership pays a fee. Except to the extent specified in the following sentences, the compensation of Mr. Liu and Ms. Geoffroy is paid by NextEra Energy.

NextEra Energy will reimburse the Partnership an amount equal to the grant date fair value of awards of Partnership common units granted, subject to Board approval, to each of Mr. Liu and Ms. Geoffroy. Such awards are considered compensation by NextEra Energy, not the Partnership. 

The material terms of certain of the foregoing executive compensation plans and arrangements in which Mr. Liu and Ms. Geoffroy will participate are described in NextEra Energys proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on April 1, 2024, the Partnership's proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024 and in the Partnership's registration statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year

(a) On January 23, 2025, the Board approved a Certificate of Amendment to the Partnerships Certificate of Limited Partnership, and amendment and restatement of the Partnership's Agreement of Limited Partnership (in the form of a Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership), changing the name of the Partnership from NextEra 

Energy Partners, LP to XPLR Infrastructure, LP and making related changes. The amendments were effective on January 23, 2025.

Also on January 23, 2025, the Board of Directors of NextEra Energy Partners GP, Inc., the general partner of the Partnership, approved amendment and restatement of the corporations (1) Certificate of Incorporation, changing the corporations name from NextEra Energy Partners GP, Inc. to XPLR Infrastructure Partners GP, Inc. (XPLR GP) and making related changes, and (2) Bylaws to reflect the name change and related changes. The amendments were effective on January 23, 2025.

The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by the text of the referenced instruments, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4 to this report and incorporated by reference herein. 

SECTION 8 - OTHER EVENTS

Item 8.01 Other Events

(a) On January 27, 2025, the Board of Directors of XPLR GP approved a Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership of NextEra Energy Operating Partners, LP (NEP OpCo), and amendment and restatement of the NEP OpCo's Agreement of Limited Partnership (in the form of a Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership), changing the name of NEP OpCo from NextEra Energy Operating Partners, LP to XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners, LP and making related changes. The amendments were effective on January 27, 2025.

The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by the text of the referenced instruments, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.2 and 10.3 to this report and incorporated by reference herein.

(b) The following risk factors are filed herewith:

Developing and investing in power and related infrastructure, including repowering of its existing renewable energy projects, requires up-front capital and other expenditures and could expose the partnership to project development risks, as well as financing expense.

The partnership expects to pursue repowering of its existing renewable energy projects and may, in the future, pursue other development opportunities. Repowering and development of assets involve regulatory, environmental, construction, safety, political and legal uncertainties and may require the expenditure of significant amounts of capital. These projects may not be completed on schedule, at the budgeted cost or at all. There may be cost overruns and construction difficulties. In addition, the partnership may be required to pay liquidated damages to counterparties if a project does not achieve commercial operations before a specified date that the parties, have agreed or may agree upon in advance. Any cost overruns the partnership experiences or liquidated damages the partnership pays could have a material adverse effect on the partnership's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to execute its business plan. In addition, the partnership may choose to finance all or a portion of the development costs of any repowering or development project through the sale of additional common units or securities convertible into, or settleable with, common units, which could result in dilution to the partnerships unitholders, or through other financings which could result in additional expense. Any such financings could involve the issuance of securities or indebtedness that could be senior to the common units upon liquidation. The development and construction related to repowering projects and other development projects may occur over an extended period of time and the partnership may not receive increases in revenues until the projects are placed in service, or at all. Accordingly, the partnership's repowering and other development efforts may not result in additional long-term contracted revenue streams that increase, and could decrease, the amount of cash available to execute the partnership's business plan.

The partnership is subject to risks associated with its ownership interests in projects that undergo development or construction, including for repowering, and other capital improvements to its renewable energy projects, which could result in its inability to complete development and construction at those projects on time or at all, and make those projects too expensive to complete or cause the return on an investment to be less than expected.

The partnership's ownership interests in renewable energy or other projects that undergo development or construction, including for repowering, and other capital improvements are subject to risks. There may be delays or unexpected developments in completing any future construction projects, which could cause the construction costs of these projects to exceed the partnership's expectations, result in substantial delays or prevent the project from commencing commercial operations. Further, the partnership could become obligated to make delay or termination payments or become obligated for other damages under contracts, could experience the loss, or reduction, of tax credits, bonus credits or tax incentives, the inability to transfer tax credits, or delayed or diminished returns, and could be required to write off all or a portion of its investment in the project. Various factors could contribute to these risks, including:

delays in obtaining, or the inability to obtain, necessary permits, rights-of-way, easements, licenses and other approvals on schedule and within budget;

delays and increased costs related to the interconnection of new projects to the transmission system;

the inability to acquire or maintain land use and access rights;

the failure to receive contracted third-party services;

interruptions to dispatch at the projects;

supply chain disruptions, including as a result of changes in international trade laws, regulations, agreements, treaties, taxes, tariffs, duties or policies of the U.S. or other countries in which the partnership's suppliers are located;

geopolitical factors;

work stoppages;

disputes involving contractors, land owners, governmental entities, environmental groups, Native American and aboriginal groups, lessors, joint venture partners, suppliers and other third parties;

weather interferences;

unforeseen engineering, environmental and geological problems, including, but not limited to, discoveries of contamination, protected plant or animal species or habitat, archaeological or cultural resources or other environment-related factors;

changes to laws, regulations or policies that promote and support clean energy and enhance the economic viability of owning clean energy projects;

negative publicity;

unanticipated cost overruns in excess of budgeted contingencies including for escalating costs for materials and labor and regulatory compliance; and

failure of contracting parties, including suppliers, to perform under contracts.

In addition, it is common for the partnership or one of its subsidiaries to have an agreement with a third party to complete construction of its projects, in which case the partnership is subject to the viability and performance of the third party. The partnership's inability to find a replacement contracting party, if the original contracting party has failed to perform, could result in the abandonment of the construction of the project, while the partnership could remain obligated under other agreements associated with the project, including, but not limited to, offtake power sales agreements.

Any of these risks could cause the partnership's cash flows from, and financial returns on, these investments to be lower than expected or otherwise delay or prevent the completion of such projects or distribution of cash to the partnership, or could cause the partnership to operate below expected capacity or availability levels, which could have a material adverse effect on the partnership's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to execute its business plan.

The partnership's ability to develop and/or acquire assets involves risks.

The partnership's ability to develop and/or acquire energy and other projects, including partial ownership interests, that are either operational or under construction, involves risks and requires the partnership to identify attractive development opportunities and acquisitions that can provide positive cash flows. Such development opportunities or acquisitions may not be available to the partnership on acceptable terms or at all. The partnership must obtain the consent of XPLR GP, which consent is not guaranteed, to develop new wind or solar energy projects (excluding off-shore wind projects), any natural gas pipeline or utility-scale battery storage projects. Various factors could affect the availability of such development opportunities or acquisitions, including, but not limited to, the following factors and those described in more detail in the additional risk factors below:

competing bids for a project from companies that may have substantially greater purchasing power, capital or other resources or a greater willingness to accept lower returns or more risk than the partnership does;

a failure to agree to commercially reasonable financial or legal terms with sellers with respect to any proposed projects;

fewer development and acquisition opportunities than the partnership expects, which could result from, among other things, available projects having less desirable economic returns or higher risk profiles than the partnership believes suitable;

the partnership's inability to generate or otherwise obtain financing for projects on economically acceptable terms;

the partnership's failure to successfully complete construction of and finance projects, to the extent that it decides to acquire projects that are not yet operational or to otherwise pursue development or construction activities with respect to new projects; 

the partnership's inability to obtain regulatory approvals or other necessary consents to consummate an acquisition; and

the presence or potential presence of:

pollution, contamination or other wastes at the project site;

protected plant or animal species;

archaeological or cultural resources;

wind waking or solar shadowing effects caused by neighboring activities, which reduce potential energy production by decreasing wind speeds or reducing available insolation;

land use restrictions and other environment-related siting factors; and

opposition to wind, solar and storage projects in certain markets due to concerns about noise, health, environmental, safety or other alleged impacts of such projects.

Any of these factors could limit the partnership's development and acquisition opportunities and prevent it from executing, or diminish its ability to execute, its development and acquisition plans. Additionally, as NEER's ownership interest in the partnership is reduced, NEER may be less willing to sell projects to the partnership. An inability by the partnership to identify, or a failure by NEER to make available, suitable development and acquisition opportunities could materially adversely impact its business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to execute its business plan.

The partnership may not be able to successfully consummate future development opportunities and/or acquisitions, whether from NEER or third parties. Any development opportunity or acquisition that may be available to the partnership may necessitate that it generate cash flow amounts as planned and be able to access the debt and equity markets. However, the partnership may not generate cash flow as planned and may be unable to access such markets on satisfactory terms or at all. Furthermore, even if the partnership does consummate development opportunities or acquisitions that the partnership believes will be accretive, such development opportunities or acquisitions may realize lower cash flows than anticipated as a result of incorrect assumptions in the partnership's evaluation of such acquisitions or development opportunities or unforeseen consequences or other external events beyond its control. Development opportunities and acquisitions involve numerous risks, including, but not limited to, difficulties in integrating acquired businesses and unexpected costs and liabilities. Any of the events described above could have a material adverse effect on the partnership's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to execute its business plan.

Government laws, regulations and policies providing incentives and subsidies for clean energy could be changed, reduced or eliminated at any time and such changes may negatively impact the partnership and its ability to repower, acquire, develop or invest in clean energy and related projects.

The partnership's business, including the partnership's ability to repower, acquire, develop or invest in clean energy projects, partly depends on current laws, regulations and policies that promote and support clean energy and enhance the economic viability of developing, constructing and owning clean energy projects. Clean energy projects currently benefit from various U.S. federal, state and local governmental incentives, such as production tax credits (PTC), investment tax credits (ITC), loan guarantees, renewable portfolio standards (RPS), U.S. federal Modified Accelerated Cost Recovery System for depreciation and other incentives, accelerated cost recovery deductions and other commercially oriented incentives. These laws, regulations and policies, such as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, have had a significant impact on the development of clean energy and they could be changed, reduced or eliminated at any time. These incentives make the development of clean energy projects more competitive by providing tax credits or grants and accelerated depreciation for a portion of the development costs, decreasing the costs and risks associated with developing such projects or creating demand for renewable energy assets through RPS programs. The elimination of, loss of or reduction in such incentives, including qualifications for renewable energy tax credits and transferability of renewable energy tax credits, or the imposition of additional taxes, tariffs, duties or other assessments on clean energy or the equipment necessary to generate or deliver it, such as policies in place that limit certain imports from China and other Southeast Asian countries, could result in, among other items, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development and/or financing of new clean energy projects, the partnership abandoning the development of clean energy projects, a loss of investments in the projects and reduced project returns and decrease the attractiveness of clean energy projects to developers. Such an elimination, loss or reduction could also reduce the partnership's willingness to pursue or develop certain renewable energy projects due to higher operating costs or decreased revenues under its PPAs.

If these laws, regulations and policies are not continued or renewed, the market for future renewable energy PPAs may be smaller and the prices for future clean energy PPAs may be lower. If laws, regulations or policies limit the availability or transferability of the PTC or the ITC, the projects could generate reduced revenues and reduced economic returns, experience increased financing costs and encounter difficulty obtaining financing on acceptable terms. 

Additionally, some states with RPS targets have met, or in the near future will meet, their renewable energy targets. If, as a result of achieving these targets, these and other U.S. states do not increase their targets in the near future, demand for additional renewable energy could decrease. To the extent other states decrease their RPS targets, programs or goals, demand for renewable energy could decrease in the future. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the partnership's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to execute its business plan.

The partnership's ability to develop projects, including repowering renewable energy projects, face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, the environment, governmental approvals and the negotiation of project development agreements.

Project development is a capital intensive business that relies heavily on the availability of debt and equity financing sources to fund projected construction and other capital expenditures. As a result, in order to successfully develop a project, the partnership 

must obtain sufficient financing to complete the development phase of its projects. Any significant disruption in the credit and capital markets, a significant increase in interest rates or an inability to generate cash flow levels as planned could make it difficult for the partnership to raise funds when needed to secure capital financing, which would limit the partnership's ability to pursue and complete projects.

The partnership's ability to develop and construct clean energy generation facilities may be unsuccessful in obtaining adequate project sites, necessary licenses, or permits on acceptable and reasonable terms or encounter delays in obtaining or renewing such, or obtain regulatory approvals from local, state, or federal governmental authorities

If the challenges of developing projects increase for the partnership, the partnership's pool of available opportunities may be limited, which could have a material adverse effect on the partnership's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to execute its business plan.

Regulatory decisions that are important to the partnership may be materially adversely affected by political, regulatory, operational and economic factors.

The local and national political, regulatory and economic environment may have an adverse effect on regulatory decisions with negative consequences for the partnership. These decisions, which may come from any level of government, may require, for example, the partnership to cancel or delay planned development activities, to reduce or delay other planned capital expenditures or otherwise incur costs that it may not be able to recover, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the partnerships business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to execute its business plan.

Depending on the circumstances, the partnership may develop and construct, or invest in, electric generation facilities and associated infrastructure. As part of these activities, the partnership would need to periodically apply for licenses and permits from various local, state, federal and other regulatory authorities and abide by their respective conditions. Should the partnership be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or permits on acceptable terms or resolving third-party challenges to such licenses or permits, should there be a delay in obtaining or renewing necessary licenses or permits or should regulatory authorities initiate any associated investigations or enforcement actions or impose related penalties or disallowances on the partnership, the partnerships business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to execute its business plan could be materially adversely affected. 

The partnerships announced strategic repositioning of its business model and related distribution suspension may adversely impact the trading volume and price of the partnerships common units.

The partnership's announced strategic repositioning of its business model to focus on capital allocation, including the related distribution suspension, could result in a change in the current investors in the partnership, which could cause volatility in the trading volume and a decrease in the price of its common units.

SECTION 9 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

3.1 

Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure, LP, dated as of January23,2025

3.2 

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure, LP, dated as of January23, 2025

3.3 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of XPLR Infrastructure Partners GP, Inc.

3.4 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of XPLR Infrastructure Partners GP, Inc.

10.1 

Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Genesis Solar Holdings, LLC, dated as of January27, 2025

10.2 

Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners, LP, dated as of January 27, 2025

10.3 

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners, LP, dated as of January 27, 2025

99 

XPLR Infrastructure, LP News Release dated January28, 2025

101 Interactive data files for this Form 8-K formatted in Inline XBRL

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 28, 2025

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP

(Registrant)

JAMES M. MAY

James M. May

Controller

(Principal Accounting Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit31toxplrdated01x23x.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 3.1

SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED 

AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 

OF 

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP 

A Delaware Limited Partnership 

Dated as of 

January 23, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

1

Section 1.1 Definitions 20

Section 1.2 Construction 

ARTICLE II ORGANIZATION

Section 2.1 Formation 20

Section 2.2 Name 21

Section 2.3 Registered Office; Registered Agent; Principal Office; Other Offices 21

Section 2.4 Purpose and Business 21

Section 2.5 Powers 22

Section 2.6 Term 22

Section 2.7 Title to Partnership Assets 22

ARTICLE III RIGHTS OF LIMITED PARTNERS

Section 3.1 Limitation of Liability 23

Section 3.2 Management of Business 23

Section 3.3 Rights of Limited Partners 23

ARTICLE IV CERTIFICATES; RECORD HOLDERS; TRANSFER OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS; REDEMPTION OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS

Section 4.1 Certificates 24

Section 4.2 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates 25

Section 4.3 Record Holders 25

Section 4.4 Transfer Generally 26

Section 4.5 Registration and Transfer of Limited Partner Interests 26

Section 4.6 Transfer of the General Partner's General Partner Interest 28

Section 4.7 Restrictions on Transfers 28

ARTICLE V CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ISSUANCE OF PARTNERSHIP

INTERESTS

Section 5.1 Capital Contributions 29

Section 5.2 Interest and Withdrawal 29

Section 5.3 Units 29

Section 5.4 Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests 30

Section 5.5 Limited Preemptive Right 31

Section 5.6 Splits and Combinations 33

Section 5.7 Fully Paid and Non-Assessable Nature of Limited Partner Interests 34

Section 5.8 Series A Preferred Units 34

Section 5.9 Non-Voting Common Units 50

A-i

ARTICLE VI DISTRIBUTIONS

Section 6.1 Distributions to Record Holders 56

ARTICLE VII MANAGEMENT AND OPERATION OF BUSINESS

Section 7.1 Management by Board of Directors 57

Section 7.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership 64

Section 7.3 Restrictions on the Partnership's Authority to Sell Assets of the 

Partnership Group 64

Section 7.4 Reimbursement of the General Partner 65

Section 7.5 Outside Activities 66

Section 7.6 Loans from the General Partner; Loans or Contributions from the 

Partnership or Group Members 67

Section 7.7 Indemnification 68

Section 7.8 Liability of Indemnitees 69

Section 7.9 Resolution of Conflicts of Interest; Standards of Conduct and 

Modification of Duties 70

Section 7.10 Certain Additional Matters Requiring Consent of the General Partner 73

Section 7.11 Purchase or Sale of Partnership Interests 73

Section 7.12 Reliance 73

ARTICLE VIII BOOKS, RECORDS, ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS

Section 8.1 Records and Accounting 74

Section 8.2 Fiscal Year 74

Section 8.3 Reports 75

ARTICLE IX TAX MATTERS

Section 9.1 Tax Characterizations, Elections and Information 75

Section 9.2 Withholding 75

ARTICLE X ADMISSION OF PARTNERS

Section 10.1 Admission of Limited Partners 76

Section 10.2 Admission of Successor General Partner 77

Section 10.3 Amendment of Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership 77

ARTICLE XI WITHDRAWAL OR REMOVAL OF PARTNERS

Section 11.1 Withdrawal of the General Partner 77

Section 11.2 Removal of the General Partner 78

A-ii

Section 11.3 Interest of Departing General Partner and Successor General Partner 79

Section 11.4 Withdrawal of Limited Partners 80

ARTICLE XII DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION

Section 12.1 Dissolution 81

Section 12.2 Continuation of the Business of the Partnership After Dissolution 81

Section 12.3 Liquidator 82

Section 12.4 Liquidation 82

Section 12.5 Cancellation of Certificate of Limited Partnership 83

Section 12.6 Return of Contributions 83

Section 12.7 Waiver of Partition 84

ARTICLE XIII AMENDMENT OF PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT; MEETINGS; RECORD

DATE; VOTING

Section 13.1 Amendments to the Partnership Agreement 84

Section 13.2 Amendment Procedures 86

Section 13.3 Amendment Requirements 86

Section 13.4 Annual and Special Meetings 89

Section 13.5 Notice of a Meeting 92

Section 13.6 Record Date 92

Section 13.7 Postponement and Adjournment 93

Section 13.8 Waiver of Notice of a Meeting 93

Section 13.9 Quorum and Voting 93

Section 13.10 Conduct of a Meeting 94

Section 13.11 Action Without a Meeting 95

Section 13.12 Right to Vote and Related Matters 95

Section 13.13 Reductions in Voting Power 95

Section 13.14 Special Voting Units 96

ARTICLE XIV MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR CONVERSION

Section 14.1 Authority 97

Section 14.2 Procedure for Merger, Consolidation or Conversion 97

Section 14.3 Approval by Limited Partners 99

Section 14.4 Certificate of Merger or Certificate of Conversion 100

Section 14.5 Effect of Merger, Consolidation or Conversion 101

ARTICLE XV PROXY ACCESS FOR DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS

Section 15.1 General 102

Section 15.2 Timely Notice 102

Section 15.3 Number of Nominees 103

Section 15.4 Ownership Requirement for Eligibility to Make Nominations 103

Section 15.5 Ownership Amount and Period of Ownership 104

Section 15.6 Eligible Limited Partners Statement; Partnerships Statement 106

Section 15.7 Nominee Information and Representations 106

A-iii

Section 15.8 Disqualification of Limited Partner Nominees 107

Section 15.9 Effect of Breach of Agreements 108

Section 15.10 Obligation to File Soliciting and Communication Materials 108

Section 15.11 Authority for Implementation 108

ARTICLE XVI GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 16.1 Addresses and Notices; Written Communications 109

Section 16.2 Binding Effect 110

Section 16.3 Integration 110

Section 16.4 Creditors 110

Section 16.5 Waiver 110

Section 16.6 Third-Party Beneficiaries 110

Section 16.7 Counterparts 110

Section 16.8 Applicable Law; Forum; Venue and Jurisdiction; Waiver of Trial by Jury 110

Section 16.9 Invalidity of Provisions 111

Section 16.10 Consent of Partners 112

Section 16.11 Facsimile and Email Signatures 112

A-iv

SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF

LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP

This SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP, dated as of January 23, 2025, is entered into by and between XPLR Infrastructure Partners GP, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as the General Partner, and NextEra Energy Equity Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, together with any other Persons who are or become Partners in the Partnership or parties hereto as provided herein. In consideration of the covenants, conditions and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1 Definitions. The following definitions shall be for all purposes, unless otherwise clearly indicated to the contrary, applied to the terms used in this Agreement. 

61-Day Converting Holder means any Converting Holder that holds Non-Voting Common Units issued as consideration in connection with the exercise of a Qualified Call Option under a Qualified Agreement that provides for the conversion of Non-Voting Common Units into Common Units upon sixty-one (61) days prior written notice.

Adjusted Percentage Interest means as of any date of determination (a) as to any Unitholder with respect to Units, as the case may be, the product obtained by multiplying (i) one hundred percent (100%) less the percentage applicable to clause (b) below by (ii) the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the number of Units held by such Unitholder, as the case may be, by (B) the total number of all Outstanding Units and (b) as to the holders of other Partnership Interests issued by the Partnership in accordance with Section 5.4, the percentage established as a part of such issuance. In calculating the number of Units in clauses (A) and (B) above, the applicable number of Units shall include Outstanding Common Units and the Common Units that would be issued if all Series A Preferred Units and Non-Voting Common Units were converted to Common Units on such date of determination. The Adjusted Percentage Interest with respect to a Series A Preferred Unit shall only be defined by reference to the Adjusted Percentage Interest attributable to the Common Units into which such Series A Preferred Unit would be converted if conversion took place on such date of determination (whether or not such Series A Preferred Units were eligible for conversion at such time).

Affected Director has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(d)(ii).

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Person in question. As used herein, the term control means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. For purposes of the use of the term Group in Section 13.13, a Person will be deemed to control if such 

1

Person owns or controls, directly or indirectly, ten percent (10%) or more of the voting securities of the subject Person.

Agreement means this Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure, LP, as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

Applicable Independence Standards means the listing standards of the National Securities Exchange upon which the Common Units are listed, any applicable rules of the Commission and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board of Directors, or a committee thereof, in determining and disclosing the independence of the Partnerships Directors.

Associate means, when used to indicate a relationship with any Person, (a) any corporation or organization of which such Person is a director, officer, manager, general partner or managing member or is, directly or indirectly, the owner of ten percent (10%) or more of any class of voting stock or other voting interest, (b) any trust or other estate in which such Person has at least a ten percent (10%) beneficial interest or as to which such Person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity and (c) any relative or spouse of such Person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same principal residence as such Person. 

Attribution Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9(b)(v)(B).

Audit Committee means the committee of the Board of Directors composed of no fewer than three (3) Directors who shall meet the independence and experience requirements established by the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder and by the National Securities Exchange on which the Common Units are listed or admitted to trading (or if no such National Securities Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange). At least one member of the Audit Committee shall be an audit committee financial expert as defined by rules of the Commission.

Automatic Conversion Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9(b)(v)(A).

Available Cash means, with respect to any Quarter ending prior to the Liquidation Date: 

(a) the sum of: 

(i) all cash and cash equivalents of the Partnership on hand at the end of such Quarter; and 

(ii) all cash and cash equivalents of the Partnership expected, on the date of determination of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter, to be received by the Partnership from distributions on OpCo Common Units, OpCo Non-Voting Common Units and OpCo Preferred Units by the Operating Partnership, in each case, made with respect to such Quarter subsequent to the end of such Quarter, less;

2

(b) the amount of any cash reserves established by the Board of Directors to: 

(i) provide for the proper conduct of the business of the Partnership subsequent to such Quarter, including the payment of income taxes by the Partnership; or

(ii) comply with applicable law or any loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, debt instrument or other agreement or obligation to which the Partnership is a party or by which it is bound or its assets are subject;

provided, that disbursements made by the Partnership or cash reserves established, increased or reduced after the end of such Quarter but on or before the date of determination of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter shall be deemed to have been made, established, increased or reduced, for purposes of determining Available Cash, within such Quarter if the Board of Directors so determines. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Available Cash shall not include any proceeds received pursuant to the Series A Purchase Agreement or any proceeds received for the purchase of any Series A Preferred Units or Series A Parity Securities subsequently issued in accordance with Section 5.8(b)(iv), and with respect to the Quarter in which the Liquidation Date occurs and any subsequent Quarter shall equal zero. 

Average VWAP per Common Unit over a certain period shall mean the arithmetic average of the VWAP per Common Unit for each Trading Day in such period. 

BlackRock Affiliated Purchasers means Nasa B Holdings LP, a Delaware limited partnership and Nasa Co-invest Holdings L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.

BlackRock Purchaser means Nasa A Holdings LP, a Delaware limited partnership.

BlackRock Purchaser Notice Address means 

Nasa A Holdings LP, 

c/o Global Energy & Power Infrastructure Funds, 

1 Lafayette Place, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, Connecticut 06830

Attn: Matthew Raben

Email: matthew.raben@blackrock.com

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

BlackRock, Inc. 

Office of the General Counsel 

40 East 52nd Street, 19th floor

New York, New York 10022

Attn: David Maryles and Jelena Napolitano

Email: legaltransactions@blackrock.com

3

or such other address as the BlackRock Purchaser may designate in writing to the Partnership from time to time.

Board and Board of Directors have the meanings set forth in Section 7.1(a). 

Business Day means Monday through Friday of each week, except that a legal holiday recognized as such by the government of the United States of America or the State of Florida shall not be regarded as a Business Day. 

Capital Contribution means (a) any cash, cash equivalents or the Fair Market Value of Contributed Property, net of Liabilities, that a Partner contributes to the Partnership or that is contributed or deemed contributed to the Partnership on behalf of a Partner, net of any liabilities either assumed by the Partnership upon such contribution or to which such property or other consideration is subject when contributed (including, in the case of an underwritten offering of Units, the amount of any underwriting discounts or commissions) or (b) current distributions that a Partner is entitled to receive but otherwise waives. 

Capital Distribution Basket means, at the time of determination, (i) an amount equal to four times the total distributions to the holders of OpCo Common Units and OpCo Non-Voting Common Units under the OpCo Partnership Agreement for the preceding Quarter less (ii) the sum of (x) any amounts previously distributed by the OpCo Partnership to the holders of OpCo Common Units and OpCo Non-Voting Common Units under the OpCo Partnership Agreement from Capital Surplus (as defined in the OpCo Partnership Agreement) on or following the date of the Series A Purchase Agreement and (y) any amounts previously distributed by the Partnership to the Common Unitholders and Non-Voting Common Unitholders under this Agreement from Capital Proceeds on or following the date of the Series A Purchase Agreement; provided that if during the preceding Quarter, there was a distribution by the Partnership or the Operating Partnership that reduced the Capital Distribution Basket, the amount in clause (i) shall be determined by reference to the last preceding Quarter during which no such distributions were made.

Cash Sweep and Credit Support Agreement means the Amended and Restated Cash Sweep and Credit Support Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2017, between the Operating Partnership and NextEra Energy Resources, LLC.

Cash Sweep Withdrawals has the meaning set forth in the Cash Sweep and Credit Support Agreement.

Cause means (i) as used in Section 11.3 with respect to the General Partner, a court of competent jurisdiction has entered a final, non-appealable judgment finding the General Partner liable for actual fraud or willful misconduct to the Partnership or any Limited Partner in the General Partners capacity as a general partner of the Partnership; and (ii) as used in Section 7.1(d)(v) with respect to a Director, such Director has (a) been convicted of, or entered a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, any crime or offense constituting a felony or any other crime involving (y) an act of theft, embezzlement, fraud or dishonesty or (z) a violation of the federal securities laws of the United States; (b) materially breached the terms of this Agreement; or (c) materially violated a written policy or procedure established by the Partnership. 

4

Certificate means a certificate in such form (including global form if permitted by applicable rules and regulations) as may be adopted by the Board of Directors and issued by the Partnership evidencing ownership of one or more classes of Partnership Interests. The initial form of certificate approved by the General Partner for the Common Units is attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement. The initial form of certificate approved by the General Partner for the Series A Preferred Units is attached as Exhibit B to this Agreement, and the initial form of certificate approved by the General Partner for the Non-Voting Common Units is attached as Exhibit D to this Agreement.

Certificate of Limited Partnership means the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as referenced in Section 7.2, as such Certificate of Limited Partnership may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

Closing Price means, in respect of any class of Limited Partner Interests, as of the date of determination, the last sale price on such day, regular way, or in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the last closing bid and ask prices on such day, regular way, in either case as reported on the principal National Securities Exchange on which such Limited Partner Interests are listed or admitted to trading or, if such Limited Partner Interests of such class are not listed or admitted to trading on any National Securities Exchange, the average of the high bid and low ask prices on such day in the over-the-counter market, as reported by such other system then in use, or, if on any such day such Limited Partner Interests of such class are not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and ask prices on such day as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in such Limited Partner Interests of such class selected by the Board of Directors, or if on any such day no market maker is making a market in such Limited Partner Interests of such class, the fair value of such Limited Partner Interests on such day as determined by the Board of Directors.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and in effect from time to time. Any reference herein to a specific section or sections of the Code shall be deemed to include a reference to any corresponding provision of any successor law. 

Combined Interest means a Departing General Partners General Partner Interest and its or its Affiliates general partner interest (or equivalent interest), if any, in the other Group Members.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Unit means a Limited Partner Interest having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Common Units in this Agreement. The term Common Unit does not refer to or include (i) prior to its conversion into a Common Unit pursuant to the terms hereof, any Series A Preferred Unit, (ii) prior to its conversion into a Common Unit pursuant to the terms hereof, any Non-Voting Common Unit or (iii) any Special Voting Unit, except that, with respect to Article VI and the Management Services Agreement, the term Common Unit shall be deemed to also refer to any Non-Voting Common Units.

Conflicts Committee means the committee of the Board of Directors composed of two (2) or more Directors, each of whom (A) is not an officer or employee of the General 

5

Partner or the Partnership, (B) is not an officer, director or employee of any Affiliate of the General Partner or the Partnership, (C) is not a holder of any ownership interest in the General Partner or its Affiliates or the Partnership Group other than (1) Common Units and (2) awards that are granted to such Director in his capacity as a Director under any long-term incentive plan, equity compensation plan or similar plan implemented by the General Partner or the Partnership and (D) is determined by the Board of Directors to be independent under the independence standards, established by the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder and by the National Securities Exchange on which the Common Units are listed or admitted to trading (or if no such National Securities Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange), for directors who serve on an audit committee of a board of directors. 

Contributed Property means each property or other asset, in such form as may be permitted by the Delaware Act, but excluding cash, contributed to the Partnership. 

Conversion Date has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9(b)(v)(D). 

Converting Holder means a Record Holder of Non-Voting Common Units who delivers an Automatic Conversion Notice or Optional Conversion Notice pursuant to Section 5.9(b)(v)(A) or (B), respectively, including any 61-Day Converting Holder and any Maximum Percentage Converting Holder.

Delaware Act means the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, 6 Del C. Section 17-101, et seq., as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, and any successor to such statute. 

Departing General Partner means a former general partner from and after the effective date of any withdrawal or removal of such former general partner pursuant to Section 11.1 or Section 11.2. 

Derivative Partnership Interests means any options, rights, warrants, appreciation rights, tracking, profit and phantom interests and other derivative securities relating to, convertible into or exchangeable for Partnership Interests; provided, however, that a Partnership Interest relating to, convertible into or exchangeable for another Partnership Interest shall not be a Derivative Partnership Interest. 

Directors has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(a).

Eligible Limited Partner means a holder of Common Units that satisfies, or a Group of no more than twenty (20) holders of Common Units that together satisfy, the requirements of Article XV (including ownership of the Required Units); provided, however, that NEE shall not be entitled to qualify as an Eligible Limited Partner for so long as either it or one of its Affiliates serves as Manager under the Management Services Agreement; provided, further, that a holder of Special Voting Units shall not be entitled, solely by virtue of holding any number of Special Voting Units, to qualify as an Eligible Limited Partner (or member of a Group that otherwise satisfies the requirements of Article XV); provided, further, that a holder of Series A Preferred Units shall not be entitled, solely by virtue of holding any number of Series A Preferred Units, to qualify as an Eligible Limited Partner (or member of a Group that otherwise satisfies the requirements of Article XV); provided, further, that a holder of Non-Voting 

6

Common Units shall not be entitled, solely by virtue of holding any number of Non-Voting Common Units, to qualify as an Eligible Limited Partner (or member of a Group that otherwise satisfies the requirements of Article XV).

Event of Withdrawal has the meaning given such term in Section 11.1(a). 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, and any successor to such statute. 

Exchange Agreement means the Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2014, among NEE Equity, the Partnership, the General Partner and the Operating Partnership.

Excess Units has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9(b)(v)(B).

Fair Market Value means, with respect to any property or asset, the fair market value of that property or asset, as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith. 

General Partner means XPLR Infrastructure Partners GP, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors and permitted assigns that are admitted to the Partnership as general partner of the Partnership, in their capacity as general partner of the Partnership (except as the context otherwise requires). The General Partner is the sole general partner of the Partnership and the holder of the General Partner Interest.

General Partner Interest means the non-economic interest of the General Partner in the Partnership (in its capacity as general partner without reference to any Limited Partner Interest), which includes any and all rights, powers and benefits to which the General Partner is entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with all obligations of the General Partner to comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. The General Partner Interest does not include any rights to ownership or profits or losses or any rights to receive distributions from operations or upon the liquidation or winding-up of the Partnership. 

Group means two or more Persons that, with or through any of their respective Affiliates or Associates, have any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except voting pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made to 10 or more Persons), exercising investment power or disposing of any Partnership Interests with any other Person that beneficially owns, or whose Affiliates or Associates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, Partnership Interests. 

Group Member means a member of the Partnership Group. 

Group Member Agreement means the partnership agreement of any Group Member, other than the Partnership, that is a limited or general partnership, the limited liability company agreement of any Group Member that is a limited liability company, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws or similar organizational documents of any Group Member that is a corporation, the joint venture agreement or similar governing document of any Group Member that is a joint venture and the governing or organizational or similar documents of any other Group Member that is a Person other than a limited or general partnership, limited liability 

7

company, corporation or joint venture, as such may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

IDR Fee has the meaning given such term in the Management Services Agreement. 

Indemnitee means (a) the General Partner, (b) any Departing General Partner, (c) any Person who is or was an Affiliate of the General Partner or any Departing General Partner, (d) any Person who is or was a manager, managing member, general partner, director (including each LP Elected Director and each XPLR GP Appointed Director), officer, fiduciary or trustee of (i) any Group Member, the General Partner or any Departing General Partner or (ii) any Affiliate of any Group Member, the General Partner or any Departing General Partner, (e) any Person who is or was serving at the request of the Board of Directors, the General Partner or any Departing General Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner or any Departing General Partner as a manager, managing member, general partner, director, officer, fiduciary or trustee of another Person owing a fiduciary duty to any Group Member; provided that a Person shall not be an Indemnitee by reason of providing, on a fee-for-services basis, trustee, fiduciary or custodial services and (f) any Person the General Partner or Board of Directors designates as an Indemnitee for purposes of this Agreement because such Persons status, service or relationship exposes such Person to potential claims, demands, suits or proceedings relating to the Partnership Groups business and affairs. 

Initial Distribution Period means, with respect to a Series A Preferred Unit, the period commencing on the date of issuance of such Series A Preferred Unit and ending on the third (3rd) anniversary thereof; provided that the Initial Distribution Period with respect to a Series A PIK Unit shall be deemed to be the same as that of the Series A Preferred Unit on which the Series A PIK Unit is paid.

IPO Registration Statement means the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-196099), as amended, filed by the Partnership with the Commission under the Securities Act to register the offering and sale of the Common Units in the Partnerships initial public offering of such Common Units to the public. 

Liability means any liability or obligation of any nature, whether accrued, contingent or otherwise. 

Limited Partner means, unless the context otherwise requires, each Person that is admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and any Departing General Partner upon the change of its status from General Partner to Limited Partner pursuant to Section 11.3, in each case, in such Persons capacity as a limited partner of the Partnership. 

Limited Partner Interest means an interest of a Limited Partner in the Partnership, which may be evidenced by Series A Preferred Units, Common Units, Non-Voting Common Units, Special Voting Units or other Partnership Interests (other than a General Partner Interest), or a combination thereof (but excluding Derivative Partnership Interests), and includes any and all benefits to which such Limited Partner is entitled as provided in this Agreement, 

8

together with all obligations of such Limited Partner pursuant to the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 

Limited Partner Nominee has the meaning set forth in Section 15.1.

Liquidation Date means (a) in the case of an event giving rise to the dissolution of the Partnership of the type described in clauses (a) and (b) of Section 12.2, the date on which the applicable time period during which the holders of Outstanding Units have the right to elect to continue the business of the Partnership has expired without such an election being made and (b) in the case of any other event giving rise to the dissolution of the Partnership, the date on which such event occurs. 

Liquidator means one or more Persons selected by the General Partner to perform the functions described in Section 12.4 as liquidating trustee of the Partnership within the meaning of the Delaware Act. 

LP Elected Director has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(d)(ii).

Management Services Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2017, among the Operating Partnership, the Partnership, NextEra Energy Operating Partners GP, LLC and NextEra Energy Management Partners, LP. 

Manager means the Person serving as the manager under the terms of the Management Services Agreement.

Maximum Percentage has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9(b)(v)(B).

Maximum Percentage Converting Holder means any Converting Holder that holds Non-Voting Common Units issued as consideration in connection with the exercise of a Qualified Call Option under a Qualified Agreement that prohibits the conversion of Non-Voting Common Units into Common Units to the extent that, after giving effect to the applicable conversion, such Maximum Percentage Converting Holder (together with its Attribution Parties) would beneficially own in excess of the Maximum Percentage.

Merger Agreement has the meaning given such term in Section 14.1. 

National Securities Exchange means an exchange registered with the Commission under Section 6(a) of the Exchange Act (or any successor to such Section). 

NEE means NextEra Energy, Inc., a Florida corporation.

NEE Equity means NextEra Energy Equity Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership.

NEP Pipelines, LLC means NextEra Energy Partners Pipelines, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

9

NEP Pipelines LLC Agreement means the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of NEP Pipelines, LLC, dated as of November 13, 2019, by and among the members party thereto, as it may be amended, supplemented, or restated from time to time in accordance with its terms.

NEP Renewables, LLC means NEP Renewables, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

NEP Renewables LLC Agreement means the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of NEP Renewables, LLC, dated as of December 21, 2018, by and among the members party thereto, as it may be amended, supplemented, or restated from time to time in accordance with its terms.

NEP Renewables II, LLC means NEP Renewables II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

NEP Renewables II LLC Agreement means the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of NEP Renewables II, LLC, dated as of June 11, 2019, by and among the members party thereto, as it may be amended, supplemented, or restated from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Nomination Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 15.1.

Non-Voting Common Units means a Limited Partner Interest having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Units designated as Non-Voting Common Units in this Agreement.

OpCo Common Units means limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Common Units in the OpCo Partnership Agreement, as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time.

OpCo General Partner means NextEra Energy Operating Partners GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its successors and permitted assigns that are admitted to the Operating Partnership as general partner of the Operating Partnership, in their capacity as general partner of the Operating Partnership (except as the context otherwise requires). The OpCo General Partner is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and the holder of the OpCo General Partner Interest.

OpCo General Partner Interest means the non-economic management interest of the OpCo General Partner in the Operating Partnership (in its capacity as general partner without reference to any limited partner interest), which includes any and all rights, powers and benefits to which the OpCo General Partner is entitled as provided in the OpCo Partnership Agreement, together with all obligations of the OpCo General Partner to comply with the terms and provisions of the OpCo Partnership Agreement. The OpCo General Partner Interest does not include any rights to ownership or profits or losses or any rights to receive distributions from operations or upon the liquidation or winding-up of the Operating Partnership.

10

OpCo Non-Voting Common Units means limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Non-Voting Common Units in the OpCo Partnership Agreement, as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time.

OpCo Partnership Agreement means the Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership, as amended through the date of this Agreement, and as it may be further amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

OpCo Preferred Units means limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Series A Preferred Units in the OpCo Partnership Agreement, as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time.

OpCo Series A Parity Securities means any class or series of limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership that, with respect to distributions on such limited partner interests or distributions upon liquidation of the Operating Partnership, ranks pari passu with (but not senior to) the OpCo Series A Preferred Units.

Operating Partnership means NextEra Energy Operating Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership.

Operating Plan means the operational plan approved annually by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(iv).

Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion of counsel (who may be regular counsel to, or the general counsel or other inside counsel of, the Partnership or the General Partner or any of its Affiliates) acceptable to the Board of Directors or to such other person selecting such counsel or obtaining such opinion. 

Optional Conversion Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9(b)(v)(C). 

Organizational Limited Partner means NEE Equity in its capacity as the organizational limited partner of the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement. 

Outstanding means, with respect to Partnership Interests, all Partnership Interests that are issued by the Partnership and reflected as outstanding in the Register as of the date of determination; provided, however, that Restricted Interests shall not be counted for purposes of determining whether a matter has been approved by Limited Partners, except to the extent such votes are reallocated pursuant to Section 13.13; provided, further, that Restricted Interests shall be considered to be Outstanding for all other purposes of this Agreement, it being understood, however, that Restricted Interests shall in each case not be treated as a separate class of Partnership Interests for purposes of this Agreement or the Delaware Act. 

Partners means the General Partner and the Limited Partners. 

Partnership means XPLR Infrastructure, LP, a Delaware limited partnership. 

11

Partnership Group means, collectively, the Partnership and its Subsidiaries. 

Partnership Interest means the General Partner Interest and any class or series of equity interest in the Partnership, which shall include any Limited Partner Interests but shall exclude any Derivative Partnership Interests. 

Percentage Interest means as of any date of determination (a) as to any Unitholder with respect to Units (other than with respect to Series A Preferred Units), as the case may be, the product obtained by multiplying (i) one hundred percent (100%) less the percentage applicable to clause (b) below by (ii) the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the number of Units (excluding Series A Preferred Units) held by such Unitholder, as the case may be, by (B) the total number of Outstanding Units (excluding Series A Preferred Units), and (b) as to the holders of other Partnership Interests (other than with respect to Series A Preferred Units) issued by the Partnership in accordance with Section 5.4, the percentage established as a part of such issuance. The Percentage Interest with respect to a Series A Preferred Unit shall at all times be zero. 

Permitted Loan means any bona fide loan or other extension of credit entered into by a Series A Preferred Unitholder or any of its Affiliates with one or more financial institutions and secured by a pledge, hypothecation or other grant of security interest in Series A Preferred Units, Series A Conversion Units, Common Units, or other assets. 

Person means an individual or a corporation, firm, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, estate, unincorporated organization, association, government agency or political subdivision thereof or other entity. 

Plan of Conversion has the meaning given such term in Section 14.1. 

Pro Rata means (a) when used with respect to Units or any class thereof, apportioned among all designated Units in accordance with their relative Percentage Interests; (b) when used with respect to Partners or Record Holders, apportioned among all Partners or Record Holders in accordance with their relative Percentage Interests; and (c) when used with respect to Series A Preferred Unitholders, apportioned among all Series A Preferred Unitholders in accordance with the relative number or percentage of Series A Preferred Units held by each such Series A Preferred Unitholder. 

Qualified Agreement means the NEP Renewables LLC Agreement, the NEP Renewables II LLC Agreement, the NEP Pipelines LLC Agreement, and any other agreement pursuant to which the Partnership has issued or agreed to issue Non-Voting Common Units, in each case, as such agreement may be amended, supplemented, or restated from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Qualified Call Option means any of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option (as each such term is defined in the NEP Renewables LLC Agreement, the NEP Renewables II LLC Agreement, or the NEP Pipelines LLC Agreement, as applicable), or any other call option, change of control option, or other right of purchase (or exchange) that is provided for in any other Qualified Agreement pursuant to which Common Units or Non-Voting Common Units may be issued as consideration therefor.

12

Qualified Holder means a holder of limited liability company interests, limited partnership interests, or other securities, whether designated as Class B Units or otherwise, that are issued pursuant to the terms of a Qualified Agreement and are subject to or entitled to exercise a Qualified Call Option.

Quarter means, unless the context requires otherwise, a fiscal quarter of the Partnership. 

Record Date means the date established by the Board of Directors or otherwise in accordance with this Agreement for determining (a) the identity of the Record Holders entitled to receive notice of, or entitled to exercise rights in respect of, any lawful action of Limited Partners (including voting) or (b) the identity of Record Holders entitled to receive any report or distribution or to participate in any offer. 

Record Holder means (a) with respect to any class of Partnership Interests for which a Transfer Agent has been appointed, the Person in whose name a Partnership Interest of such class is registered on the books of the Transfer Agent and the Register as of the Partnerships close of business on a particular Business Day or (b) with respect to other classes of Partnership Interests, the Person in whose name any such other Partnership Interest is registered in the Register as of the Partnerships close of business on a particular Business Day. 

Register means one or more registers in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as the Board of Directors may prescribe and subject to the provisions of Section 4.5(b), the registration and transfer of Limited Partner Interests, and any Derivative Partnership Interests, as applicable, shall be recorded. 

Registration Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2014, between the Partnership and NEE.

Required Information means, for purposes of Article XV, (i) the information concerning the Limited Partner Nominee(s) and the Eligible Limited Partner that is required to be disclosed in the Partnerships proxy statement by the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act; and (ii) if the Eligible Limited Partner so elects, a Statement. To be timely, the Required Information must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the Partnership within the time period specified in Article XV for providing the Nomination Notice.

Required Units means that number of Common Units (including Series A Conversion Units and Common Units that have been issued upon exchange or conversion of Special Voting Units or upon conversion of Non-Voting Common Units) as shall constitute ten percent (10%) or more of the aggregate number of Outstanding Common Units (including Series A Conversion Units and Common Units that have been issued upon exchange or conversion of Special Voting Units or upon conversion of Non-Voting Common Units) and Special Voting Units. For the avoidance of doubt, no Series A Preferred Units that have not been converted into Series A Conversion Units, Special Voting Units that have not been converted into or exchanged for Common Units or Non-Voting Common Units that have not been converted into Common Units shall be counted as Required Units.

13

Restricted Interests means Limited Partner Interests with respect to which, pursuant to Section 13.13, the votes cast by the holder thereof on a matter to be acted upon by Limited Partners shall not be counted.

Right of First Offer Agreement means the Amended and Restated Right of First Offer Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2017, among the Partnership, the Operating Partnership and NextEra Energy Resources, LLC.

Right of First Refusal Agreement means the Right of First Refusal Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2017, among the Partnership, the Operating Partnership and NextEra Energy Resources, LLC.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, and any successor to such statute. 

Series A Cash COC Event means a Series A Change of Control involving a payment of consideration directly to the holders of Common Units of the Partnership, and more than ninety percent (90%) of such consideration is cash.

Series A Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following:

(a) the acquisition, directly or indirectly (including by merger), of fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting equity of the Partnership, the General Partner or the General Partner Interest (as measured by voting power rather than the number of shares, units or the like, and excluding voting power exercisable pursuant to a proxy granted by a Limited Partner in connection with a proxy solicitation conducted pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act) by a Person or Group that is not an Affiliate of NEE as of the Series A Initial Issuance Date if such acquisition gives such Person or Group the right to elect half or more of the members of the Board of Directors of the Partnership or the General Partner, respectively; 

(b) any sale, lease, pledge, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, the result of which is that (i) the Partnership ceases to own directly or indirectly more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting equity of the OpCo General Partner (as measured by voting power rather than the number of shares, units or the like, and excluding voting power exercisable pursuant to a proxy granted by a Limited Partner in connection with a proxy solicitation conducted pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act) or (ii) the OpCo General Partner ceases to hold one hundred percent (100%) the OpCo General Partner Interest; 

(c) any sale, lease, pledge, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, the result of which is that NEE ceases to own directly or indirectly more than thirty-three percent (33%) of the voting equity of the Partnership (including the Special Voting Units); provided, however, that the foregoing shall not be deemed to constitute a Series A Change of Control for so long as NEE continues to own, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting equity of the General Partner or the General Partner Interest (as measured by voting power rather than the number of shares, units or the like, and excluding voting power 

14

exercisable pursuant to a proxy granted by a Limited Partner in connection with a proxy solicitation conducted pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act); 

(d) any sale, lease, pledge, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (other than to one of the Partnerships wholly-owned Subsidiaries); 

(e) the Common Units are no longer listed or admitted to trading on a National Securities Exchange; 

(f) any transaction pursuant to which NEE or any of its Affiliates (other than the Partnership or any of its Subsidiaries) would acquire (i) all of the Partnerships Outstanding Common Units or (ii) all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership and its Subsidiaries, in each case, by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise; or 

(g) the removal of the General Partner as general partner of the Partnership by the Limited Partners of the Partnership, except where the successor General Partner is an Affiliate of NEE. 

Series A COC Conversion Premium means (a) on or prior to the first anniversary of the Series A Initial Issuance Date, one hundred fifteen percent (115%), (b) after the first anniversary but on or prior to the second (2nd) anniversary of the Series A Initial Issuance Date, one hundred ten percent (110%), (c) after the second (2nd) anniversary of the Series A Initial Issuance Date but on or prior to the third (3rd) anniversary of the Series A Initial Issuance Date, one hundred five percent (105%), or (d) after the third (3rd) anniversary of the Series A Initial Issuance Date, one hundred one percent (101%).

Series A COC Conversion Rate means a conversion ratio equal to the greater of (a) the then applicable Series A Conversion Rate (regardless of whether the Series A Preferred Units are then convertible) and (b) the quotient of (i) the sum of (x) the product of (A) the sum of (aa) the Series A Issue Price, plus (bb) all Series A Unpaid Distributions on the applicable Series A Preferred Unit, multiplied by (B) the Series A COC Conversion Premium plus (y) Series A Partial Period Distributions on the applicable Series A Preferred Unit, divided by (ii) the Average VWAP for the twenty (20) consecutive Trading Days ending immediately prior to the execution of definitive documentation relating to the Series A Change of Control.

Series A Conversion Date has the meaning given such term in Section 5.8(b)(vi)(D).

Series A Conversion Notice has the meaning given such term in Section 5.8(b)(vi)(C)(1).

Series A Conversion Notice Date has the meaning given such term in Section 5.8(b)(vi)(A).

Series A Conversion Rate means, as adjusted pursuant to Section 5.8(b)(vi)(E), the number of Common Units issuable upon the conversion of each Series A Preferred Unit, 

15

which shall be the quotient of (a) the sum of (i) the Series A Issue Price, plus (ii) any Series A Unpaid Distributions on the applicable Series A Preferred Unit, plus (iii) only for purposes of the definition of Series A COC Conversion Rate, any Series A Partial Period Distributions on the applicable Series A Preferred Unit, divided by (b) the Series A Issue Price.

Series A Conversion Unit means a Common Unit issued upon conversion of a Series A Preferred Unit pursuant to Section 5.8(b)(vi)(D). Immediately upon such issuance, each Series A Conversion Unit shall be considered a Common Unit for all purposes hereunder.

Series A Converting Unitholder means a Series A Preferred Unitholder (i) who has delivered a Series A Conversion Notice to the Partnership in accordance with Section 5.8(b)(vi)(C)(1) or (ii) to whom the Partnership has delivered a Series A Forced Conversion Notice in accordance with Section 5.8(b)(vi)(C)(2). 

Series A Distribution Amount means (a) with respect to any Quarter ending on or before the end of the Initial Distribution Period for a Series A Preferred Unit, an amount per Quarter per Series A Preferred Unit equal to $0.4413; (b) with respect to any Quarter ending after the end of the Quarter during which the Initial Distribution Period ends for a Series A Preferred Unit, an amount per Quarter per Series A Preferred Unit equal to the greater of (i) the amount set forth in clause (a) and (ii) the amount of distributions for such Quarter that would have been payable with respect to such Series A Preferred Unit if such Series A Preferred Unit had converted immediately prior to the Record Date for such Quarter in respect of which such distributions are being paid into the number of Common Unit(s) into which such Series A Preferred Unit would be convertible at the then-applicable Series A Conversion Rate (regardless of whether the Series A Preferred Units are then convertible); and (c) with respect to the Quarter during which the Initial Distribution Period ends, a prorated amount based on the date that the Initial Distribution Period ends, which amount shall equal the sum of (i) the amount set forth in clause (a) of this paragraph, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which equals the number of days in such Quarter commencing on the start of the applicable Quarter and ending on, and including, the last day of the Initial Distribution Period, and the denominator of which equals the total number of days in such Quarter, and (ii) the amount determined as provided in clause (b) of this paragraph, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which equals the number of days in such Quarter commencing on the day following the last day of the Initial Distribution Period and ending on, and including, the last day of such Quarter, and the denominator of which equals the total number of days in such Quarter; provided, however, that the Series A Distribution Amount for the Quarter during which the Initial Distribution Period commences shall be prorated for such period and shall equal the amount calculated by multiplying the amount set forth in clause (a) of this paragraph by a fraction, the numerator of which equals the number of days in such Quarter commencing on the applicable issuance date and ending on, and including, the last day of such Quarter, and the denominator of which equals the total number of days in such Quarter.

Series A Distribution Payment Date has the meaning given such term in Section 5.8(b)(i)(A).

Series A Forced Conversion Notice has the meaning given such term in Section 5.8(b)(vi)(C)(2).

16

Series A Forced Conversion Notice Date has the meaning given such term in Section 5.8(b)(vi)(B).

Series A Initial Issuance Date means the date on which Series A Preferred Units are first issued under the Series A Purchase Agreement.

Series A Issue Price means $39.2253 per Series A Preferred Unit.

Series A Junior Securities means any class or series of Partnership Interests that, with respect to distributions on such Partnership Interests and distributions upon liquidation of the Partnership, ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Units, including Common Units and Non-Voting Common Units, but excluding any Series A Parity Securities and Series A Senior Securities.

Series A Liquidation Value means the amount equal to the sum of (i) the Series A Issue Price, plus (ii) all Series A Unpaid Distributions, plus (iii) Series A Partial Period Distributions, in each case, with respect to the applicable Series A Preferred Unit.

Series A Parity Equivalent Units has the meaning given such term in Section 5.8(b)(iv).

Series A Parity Securities means any class or series of Partnership Interests that, with respect to distributions on such Partnership Interests or distributions upon liquidation of the Partnership, ranks pari passu with (but not senior to) the Series A Preferred Units.

Series A Partial Period Distributions means, with respect to a conversion or redemption of Series A Preferred Units or a liquidation, (a) an amount equal to the Series A Distribution Amount multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days elapsed in the Quarter in which such conversion, redemption or liquidation occurs and the denominator of which is the total number of days in such Quarter, plus (b) to the extent such conversion, redemption or liquidation occurs prior to the Series A Distribution Payment Date in respect of the Quarter immediately preceding such conversion, redemption or liquidation, an amount equal to the Series A Distribution Amount.

Series A PIK Payment Date has the meaning given such term in Section 5.8(b)(i)(E).

Series A PIK Units means any Series A Preferred Units issued pursuant to a Series A Quarterly Distribution in accordance with Section 5.8(b)(i).

Series A Preferred Unitholder means a Record Holder of Series A Preferred Units.

Series A Preferred Units means any Units designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Units and issued pursuant to Section 5.8, including any Units issued under Section 5.8(b)(ii) and any Series A PIK Units.

17

Series A Purchase Agreement means the Series A Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2017, by and among the Partnership and the Series A Purchasers thereunder, as may be amended from time to time.

Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers means those Persons set forth on Schedule A to the Series A Purchase Agreement.

Series A Purchaser Change of Control means, (i) with respect to the BlackRock Purchaser and the BlackRock Affiliated Purchasers, a transaction or series of transactions which results in such Person no longer being controlled by an Affiliate of Global Energy & Power Infrastructure Fund II, L.P. and (ii) with respect to KKR Flatirons Aggregator L.P., as Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser, a transaction or series of transactions which results in such Person no longer being controlled by an Affiliate of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P.

Series A Purchasers means (a) any Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser and (b) any Person who subsequently purchases any Series A Preferred Units issued in accordance with Section 5.8(b)(iv).

Series A Quarterly Distribution has the meaning given such term in Section 5.8(b)(i)(A).

Series A Required Voting Percentage has the meaning given such term in Section 13.3(c).

Series A Senior Securities means any class or series of Partnership Interests that, with respect to distributions on such Partnership Interests or distributions upon liquidation of the Partnership, ranks senior to the Series A Preferred Units.

Series A Substantially Equivalent Unit has the meaning given such term in Section 5.8(b)(vii)(B)(2).

Series A Unpaid Distributions has the meaning given such term in Section 5.8(b)(i)(B).

Special Approval means approval by a majority of the members of the Conflicts Committee acting in good faith. 

Special Voting Unit means a Partnership Interest having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Special Voting Units in this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, holders of Special Voting Units, in their capacity as such, shall not have any rights to ownership or profits or losses or any rights to receive distributions from operations or upon the liquidation or winding-up of the Partnership. 

Statement means a written statement for inclusion in the Partnerships proxy statement for the annual meeting, not to exceed five hundred (500) words, in support of a Limited Partner Nominees candidacy.

18

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, (a) a corporation of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of shares entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors or other governing body of such corporation is owned, directly or indirectly, at the date of determination, by such Person, by one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof, (b) a partnership (whether general or limited) in which such Person or a Subsidiary of such Person is, at the date of determination, a general or limited partner of such partnership, but only if such Person, directly or by one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or a combination thereof, controls such partnership on the date hereof; or (c) any other Person (other than a corporation or a partnership) in which such Person, one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof, directly or indirectly, at the date of determination, has the power to elect or direct the election of a majority of the directors or other governing body of such Person. 

Surviving Business Entity has the meaning given such term in Section 14.2(b). 

Trading Day means a day on which the principal National Securities Exchange on which the referenced Partnership Interests of any class are listed or admitted for trading is open for the transaction of business or, if such Partnership Interests are not listed or admitted for trading on any National Securities Exchange, a day on which banking institutions in New York City are not legally required to be closed. 

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Group Member Agreement of each other Group Member, the Management Services Agreement, the Exchange Agreement, the Right of First Offer Agreement, the Right of First Refusal Agreement, the Cash Sweep and Credit Support Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, as each such agreement is amended or supplemented from time to time.

transfer has the meaning given such term in Section 4.4(a). 

Transfer Agent means such bank, trust company or other Person (including the General Partner or one of its Affiliates) as may be appointed from time to time by the Board of Directors to act as registrar and transfer agent for any class of Partnership Interests in accordance with the Exchange Act and the rules of the National Securities Exchange on which such Partnership Interests are listed (if any); provided that, if no such Person is appointed as registrar and transfer agent for any class of Partnership Interests, the General Partner shall act as registrar and transfer agent for such class of Partnership Interests. 

Treasury Regulation means the United States Treasury regulations promulgated under the Code. 

Unit means a Limited Partner Interest that is designated by the Board of Directors as a Unit and shall include Series A Preferred Units, Common Units, Non-Voting Common Units and Special Voting Units.

Unit Majority means at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units and Special Voting Units, voting together as a single class (and including the Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding the Non-Voting Common Units).

19

Unitholders means the Record Holders of Units. 

Unrestricted Person means (a) each Indemnitee, (b) each Partner, (c) each Person who is or was a member, partner, director, officer, employee or agent of any Group Member, a General Partner or any Departing General Partner or any Affiliate of any Group Member, a General Partner or any Departing General Partner and (d) any Person the General Partner designates from time to time as an Unrestricted Person for purposes of this Agreement. 

U.S. GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles, as in effect from time to time, consistently applied. 

VWAP per Common Unit on any Trading Day shall mean the per Common Unit volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page NEP <equity> AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Trading Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the closing price of one Common Unit on such Trading Day as reported on the New York Stock Exchanges website or the website of the National Securities Exchange upon which the Common Units are listed). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for the Common Units on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of the Common Units on such date shall be the Fair Market Value.

XPLR GP Appointed Director has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(d)(i).

Section 1.2 Construction. Unless the context requires otherwise: (a) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa; (b) references to Articles and Sections refer to Articles and Sections of this Agreement; (c) the terms include, includes, including or words of like import shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation; and (d) the terms hereof, herein or hereunder refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. The General Partner and the Board of Directors have the power to construe and interpret this Agreement and to act upon any such construction or interpretation. Any construction or interpretation of this Agreement by the General Partner or the Board of Directors, and any action taken pursuant thereto, and any determination made by the General Partner or the Board of Directors in good faith shall, in each case, be conclusive and binding on all Record Holders and all other Persons for all purposes. 

ARTICLE II

ORGANIZATION 

Section 2.1 Formation. The General Partner and the Organizational Limited Partner formed the Partnership as a limited partnership pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware Act. The initial agreement of limited partnership was amended and restated in its entirety by the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of July 1, 2014, which is hereby amended and restated in its entirety. This amendment and restatement shall become 

20

effective on the date of this Agreement. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, the rights, duties, liabilities and obligations of the Partners and the administration, dissolution and termination of the Partnership shall be governed by the Delaware Act. All Partnership Interests shall constitute personal property of the record owner thereof for all purposes. 

Section 2.2 Name. The name of the Partnership shall be XPLR Infrastructure, LP. Subject to applicable law, the Partnerships business may be conducted under any other name or names as determined by the Board of Directors. The words Limited Partnership, L.P., Ltd. or similar words or letters shall be included in the Partnerships name where necessary for the purpose of complying with the laws of any jurisdiction that so requires. The Board of Directors may change the name of the Partnership at any time and from time to time and shall notify the Limited Partners of such change in the next regular communication to the Limited Partners. 

Section 2.3 Registered Office; Registered Agent; Principal Office; Other Offices. Unless and until changed by the Board of Directors, the registered office of the Partnership in the State of Delaware shall be located at 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808, and the registered agent for service of process on the Partnership in the State of Delaware at such registered office shall be Corporation Service Company. The principal office of the Partnership shall be located at 700 Universe Boulevard, Juno Beach, Florida 33408, or such other place as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate by notice to the Limited Partners. The Partnership may maintain offices at such other place or places within or outside the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or appropriate. The address of the General Partner shall be 700 Universe Boulevard, Juno Beach, Florida 33408, or such other place as the General Partner may from time to time designate by notice to the Limited Partners. 

Section 2.4 Purpose and Business. The purpose and nature of the business to be conducted by the Partnership shall be to (a) engage directly in, or enter into or form, hold and dispose of any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other arrangement to engage indirectly in, any business activity that is approved by the Board of Directors and the General Partner and that lawfully may be conducted by a limited partnership organized pursuant to the Delaware Act and, in connection therewith, to exercise all of the rights and powers conferred upon the Partnership pursuant to the agreements relating to such business activity and (b) do anything necessary or appropriate to the foregoing, including the making of capital contributions or loans to a Group Member; provided, however, that, without the prior written consent of the General Partner, which consent may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion, the Partnership and each other Group Member shall not have any power or authority to solicit, review, respond to or otherwise participate in any request for proposal relating to, or otherwise engage in, or seek to engage in, the development of, (i) any wind or solar energy project (other than any off-shore project), (ii) any natural gas pipeline, or (iii) any utility-scale battery storage facility, in each case, anywhere in the world, other than those projects described in clauses (i) through (iii) that are owned or are being developed by a Group Member as of November 12, 2019. To the fullest extent permitted by law, neither the General Partner nor the Board of Directors shall have any duty or obligation to propose or approve the conduct by the Partnership of any business and may decline to do so free of any duty or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership or any Limited Partner and, in declining to so propose or approve, shall not be 

21

required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity, and the General Partner and the Board of Directors in determining whether to propose or approve the conduct by the Partnership of any business shall be permitted to do so, each in its sole and absolute discretion. 

Section 2.5 Powers. The Partnership shall be empowered to do any and all acts and things necessary, appropriate, proper, advisable, incidental to or convenient for the furtherance and accomplishment of the purposes and business described in Section 2.4 and for the protection and benefit of the Partnership. 

Section 2.6 Term. The term of the Partnership commenced upon the filing of the Certificate of Limited Partnership in accordance with the Delaware Act and shall continue in existence until the dissolution of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions of Article XII. The existence of the Partnership as a separate legal entity shall continue until the cancellation of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as provided in the Delaware Act. 

Section 2.7 Title to Partnership Assets. Title to the assets of the Partnership, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, shall be deemed to be owned by the Partnership as an entity, and no Partner, individually or collectively, shall have any ownership interest in such assets of the Partnership or any portion thereof. Title to any or all assets of the Partnership may be held in the name of the Partnership, the General Partner, one or more of its Affiliates or one or more nominees of the General Partner or its Affiliates, as the Board of Directors may determine. The General Partner hereby declares and warrants that any assets of the Partnership for which record title is held in the name of the General Partner or one or more of its Affiliates or one or more nominees of the General Partner or its Affiliates shall be held by the General Partner or such Affiliate or nominee for the use and benefit of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; provided, however, that the General Partner shall use reasonable efforts to cause record title to such assets (other than those assets in respect of which the General Partner determines that the expense and difficulty of conveyancing makes transfer of record title to the Partnership impracticable) to be vested in the Partnership or one or more of the Partnerships designated Affiliates as soon as reasonably practicable; provided, further, that, prior to the withdrawal or removal of the General Partner or as soon thereafter as practicable, the General Partner shall use reasonable efforts to effect the transfer of record title to the Partnership and, prior to any such transfer, will provide for the use of such assets in a manner satisfactory to any successor General Partner. All assets of the Partnership shall be recorded as the property of the Partnership in its books and records, irrespective of the name in which record title to such assets of the Partnership is held. 

ARTICLE III

RIGHTS OF LIMITED PARTNERS 

Section 3.1 Limitation of Liability. The Limited Partners shall have no liability under this Agreement except as expressly provided in this Agreement or the Delaware Act. 

22

Section 3.2 Management of Business. No Limited Partner, in its capacity as such, shall participate in the operation, management or control (within the meaning of the Delaware Act) of the Partnerships business, transact any business in the Partnerships name or have the power to sign documents for or otherwise bind the Partnership. No action taken by any Affiliate of the General Partner or any officer, director, employee, manager, member, general partner, agent or trustee of the General Partner or any of its Affiliates, or any officer, director, employee, manager, member, general partner, agent or trustee of a Group Member, in its capacity as such, shall be deemed to be participating in the control of the business of the Partnership by a limited partner of the Partnership (within the meaning of Section 17-303(a) of the Delaware Act) nor shall any such action affect, impair or eliminate the limitations on the liability of the Limited Partners under this Agreement. 

Section 3.3 Rights of Limited Partners. 

(a) Each Limited Partner shall have the right, for a purpose reasonably related to such Limited Partners interest as a Limited Partner in the Partnership, upon reasonable written demand stating the purpose of such demand and at such Limited Partners own expense: 

(i) to obtain from the Partnership either (A) the Partnerships most recent filings with the Commission on Form 10-K and any subsequent filings on Form 10-Q and 8-K or (B) if the Partnership is no longer subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the information specified in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act or any successor or similar rule or regulation under the Securities Act (provided that the foregoing materials shall be deemed to be available to a Limited Partner in satisfaction of the requirements of this Section 3.3(a)(i) if posted on or accessible through the Partnerships or the Commissions website); 

(ii) to obtain a current list of the name and last known business, residence or mailing address of each Partner; and 

(iii) to obtain a copy of this Agreement and the Certificate of Limited Partnership and all amendments thereto. 

(b) The rights to information granted the Limited Partners pursuant to Section 3.3(a) replace in their entirety any rights to information provided for in Section 17-305(a) of the Delaware Act and each of the Partners and each other Person or Group who acquires an interest in Partnership Interests hereby agrees to the fullest extent permitted by law that they do not have any rights as Partners to receive any information either pursuant to Sections 17-305(a) of the Delaware Act or otherwise except for the information identified in Section 3.3(a). 

(c) The Board of Directors may keep confidential from the Limited Partners, for such period of time as the Board of Directors deems reasonable, (i) any information that the Board of Directors or the General Partner determines is in the nature of trade secrets or (ii) other information the disclosure of which the Board of Directors determines (A) is not in the best interests of the Partnership Group, (B) could damage the Partnership Group or its business or (C) that any Group Member is required by law or regulation or by agreement with any third party 

23

to keep confidential (other than agreements with Affiliates of the Partnership the primary purpose of which is to circumvent the obligations set forth in this Section 3.3). Any disclosure of any of the foregoing information to Limited Partners shall require the prior written consent of the General Partner, which consent may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion.

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or Section 17-305 of the Delaware Act, each of the Partners, each other Person or Group who acquires an interest in a Partnership Interest and each other Person bound by this Agreement hereby agrees to the fullest extent permitted by law that they do not have rights to receive information from the Partnership or any Indemnitee for the purpose of determining whether to pursue litigation or assist in pending litigation against the Partnership or any Indemnitee relating to the affairs of the Partnership except pursuant to the applicable rules of discovery relating to litigation commenced by such Person or Group. 

ARTICLE IV

CERTIFICATES; RECORD HOLDERS; TRANSFER OF PARTNERSHIP

INTERESTS; REDEMPTION OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 

Section 4.1 Certificates. Owners of Partnership Interests and, where appropriate, Derivative Partnership Interests, shall be recorded in the Register and ownership of such interests shall be evidenced by a physical certificate or book entry notation in the Register. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, unless the Board of Directors shall determine otherwise in respect of some or all of any or all classes of Partnership Interests and Derivative Partnership Interests, Partnership Interests and Derivative Partnership Interests shall not be evidenced by physical certificates. Certificates, if any, shall be executed on behalf of the Partnership by the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer or any Vice President and the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary or other authorized officer of the Partnership, and shall bear the legend set forth in Section 4.7(c). The signatures of such officers upon a certificate may be facsimiles. In case any officer who has signed or whose signature has been placed upon such certificate shall have ceased to be such officer before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Partnership with the same effect as if he were such officer at the date of its issuance. If a Transfer Agent has been appointed for a class of Partnership Interests, no Certificate for such class of Partnership Interests shall be valid for any purpose until it has been countersigned by the Transfer Agent; provided, however, that, if the Board of Directors elects to cause the Partnership to issue Partnership Interests of such class in global form, the Certificate shall be valid upon receipt of a certificate from the Transfer Agent certifying that the Partnership Interests have been duly registered in accordance with the directions of the Partnership. With respect to any Partnership Interests that are represented by physical certificates, the Board of Directors may determine that such Partnership Interests will no longer be represented by physical certificates and may, upon written notice to the holders of such Partnership Interests and subject to applicable law, take whatever actions it deems necessary or appropriate to cause such Partnership Interests to be registered in book entry or global form and may cause such physical certificates to be cancelled or deemed cancelled. 

Section 4.2 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates. 

24

(a) If any mutilated Certificate is surrendered to the Transfer Agent, the appropriate officers of the Partnership shall execute, and the Transfer Agent shall countersign and deliver in exchange therefor, a new Certificate evidencing the same number and type of Partnership Interests or Derivative Partnership Interests as the Certificate so surrendered. 

(b) The appropriate officers of the Partnership shall execute and deliver, and the Transfer Agent shall countersign, a new Certificate in place of any Certificate previously issued, if the Record Holder of the Certificate: 

(i) makes proof by affidavit, in form and substance satisfactory to the Board of Directors, that a previously issued Certificate has been lost, destroyed or stolen; 

(ii) requests the issuance of a new Certificate before the Partnership has notice that the Certificate has been acquired by a purchaser for value in good faith and without notice of an adverse claim; 

(iii) if requested by the Partnership, delivers to the Partnership a bond, in form and substance satisfactory to the Partnership, with surety or sureties and with fixed or open penalty as the Partnership may direct to indemnify the Partnership, the Partners, the General Partner and the Transfer Agent against any claim that may be made on account of the alleged loss, destruction or theft of the Certificate; and 

(iv) satisfies any other reasonable requirements imposed by the Partnership or the Transfer Agent. 

If a Limited Partner fails to notify the Partnership within a reasonable period of time after such Limited Partner has notice of the loss, destruction or theft of a Certificate, and a transfer of the Limited Partner Interests represented by the Certificate is registered before the Partnership or the Transfer Agent receives such notification, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Limited Partner shall be precluded from making any claim against the Partnership, the General Partner or the Transfer Agent for such transfer or for a new Certificate. 

(c) As a condition to the issuance of any new Certificate under this Section 4.2, the Partnership may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent) reasonably connected therewith. 

Section 4.3 Record Holders.The names and addresses of Unitholders as they appear in the Register shall be the official list of Record Holders of the Limited Partner Interests for all purposes. The Partnership and the General Partner shall be entitled to recognize the Record Holder as the Limited Partner with respect to any Limited Partner Interest and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to, or interest in, such Limited Partner Interest on the part of any other Person or Group, regardless of whether the Partnership or the General Partner shall have actual or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by law or any applicable rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any National Securities Exchange on which such Limited Partner Interests are listed or admitted to trading. Without limiting the foregoing, when a Person (such as a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation or an agent of any of the foregoing) is acting as nominee, agent or in some other representative 

25

capacity for another Person or Group in acquiring or holding Partnership Interests, as between the Partnership on the one hand, and such other Person or Group on the other, such representative Person shall be the Limited Partner with respect to such Limited Partner Interest upon becoming the Record Holder in accordance with Article X and have the rights and obligations of a Limited Partner hereunder as, and to the extent, provided herein, including Section 10.1(a). 

Section 4.4 Transfer Generally. 

(a) The term transfer, when used in this Agreement with respect to a Partnership Interest, shall be deemed to refer to a transaction (i) by which the General Partner assigns all or any part of its General Partner Interest to another Person, and includes a sale, assignment, gift, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation, mortgage, exchange or any other disposition by law or otherwise or (ii) by which the holder of a Limited Partner Interest assigns all or any part of such Limited Partner Interest to another Person who is a Limited Partner or becomes a Limited Partner as a result thereof, and includes a sale, assignment, gift, exchange or any other disposition by law or otherwise, excluding a pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or mortgage but including any transfer upon foreclosure of any pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or mortgage. 

(b) No Partnership Interest shall be transferred, in whole or in part, except in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Article IV. Any transfer or purported transfer of a Partnership Interest not made in accordance with this Article IV shall be null and void, and the Partnership shall have no obligation to effect or recognize any such transfer or purported transfer. 

(c) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent or limit a disposition by any stockholder, member, partner or other owner of the General Partner or any Limited Partner of any or all of such Persons shares of stock, membership interests, partnership interests or other ownership interests in the General Partner or such Limited Partner, and the term transfer shall not include any such disposition. 

Section 4.5 Registration and Transfer of Limited Partner Interests. 

(a) The Partnership shall keep, or cause to be kept by the Transfer Agent on behalf of the Partnership, the Register. Without limiting the foregoing and without limiting the discretion of the Board of Directors to change or appoint a new third-party Transfer Agent at any time, on or prior to the Series A Initial Issuance Date the Board of Directors shall appoint the same Transfer Agent for the Common Units to be Transfer Agent for the Series A Preferred Units, and on or prior to the date on which the Partnership issues Non-Voting Common Units the Board of Directors shall appoint the same Transfer Agent for the Common Units to be Transfer Agent for the Non-Voting Common Units.

(b) The Partnership shall not recognize any transfer of Limited Partner Interests evidenced by Certificates until the Certificates evidencing such Limited Partner Interests are surrendered for registration of transfer. No charge shall be imposed by the Partnership for such transfer; provided that, as a condition to the issuance of any new Certificate under this Section 4.5, the Partnership may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 

26

tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed with respect thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent) reasonably connected therewith. Upon surrender of a Certificate for registration of transfer of any Limited Partner Interests evidenced by a Certificate, and subject to the provisions of this Section 4.5(b), the appropriate officers of the Partnership shall execute and deliver, and in the case of Certificates evidencing Limited Partner Interests for which a Transfer Agent has been appointed, the Transfer Agent shall countersign and deliver, in the name of the holder or the designated transferee or transferees, as required pursuant to the holders instructions, one or more new Certificates evidencing the same aggregate number and type of Limited Partner Interests as was evidenced by the Certificate so surrendered. Upon the proper surrender of a Certificate, such transfer shall be recorded in the Register. 

(c) Upon the receipt by the Partnership of proper transfer instructions from the Record Holder of uncertificated Partnership Interests, such transfer shall be recorded in the Register. 

(d) By acceptance of any Limited Partner Interests pursuant to a transfer in accordance with this Article IV, each transferee of a Limited Partner Interest (including any nominee, or agent or representative acquiring such Limited Partner Interests for the account of another Person or Group) (i) shall be admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner with respect to the Limited Partner Interests so transferred to such Person when any such transfer or admission is reflected in the Register and such Person becomes the Record Holder of the Limited Partner Interests so transferred, (ii) shall become bound, and shall be deemed to have agreed to be bound, by the terms of this Agreement, (iii) shall be deemed to represent that the transferee has the capacity, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and (iv) shall be deemed to make any consents, acknowledgements or waivers contained in this Agreement, all with or without execution of this Agreement by such Person. The transfer of any Limited Partner Interests and the admission of any new Limited Partner shall not constitute an amendment to this Agreement. 

(e) Subject to (i) the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.5, (ii) Section 4.3, (iii) Section 4.7, (iv) with respect to any class or series of Limited Partner Interests, the provisions of any statement of designations or an amendment to this Agreement establishing such class or series, (v) any contractual provisions binding on any Limited Partner and (vi) provisions of applicable law, including the Securities Act, Limited Partner Interests shall be freely transferable. 

(f) The General Partner and its Affiliates shall have the right at any time to transfer their Common Units to one or more Persons; provided that NEE Equity may not transfer its Special Voting Units to any Person other than to an Affiliate of NEE Equity to which NEE Equity has also transferred the same number of its OpCo Common Units in accordance with the OpCo Partnership Agreement.

Section 4.6 Transfer of the General Partners General Partner Interest. The General Partner may transfer all or any part of its General Partner Interest without the consent of any other Partner. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no transfer by the General Partner of all or any part of its General Partner Interest to another Person shall be permitted 

27

unless (a) the transferee agrees to assume the rights and duties of the General Partner under this Agreement and to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement, (b) the Partnership receives an Opinion of Counsel that such transfer would not result in the loss of limited liability of any Limited Partner under the Delaware Act and (c) such transferee also agrees to purchase all (or the appropriate portion thereof, if applicable) of the partnership or membership interest the General Partner holds as the general partner or managing member, if any, of each other Group Member. In the case of a transfer pursuant to and in compliance with this Section 4.6, the transferee or successor (as the case may be) shall, subject to compliance with the terms of Section 10.2, be admitted to the Partnership as the General Partner effective immediately prior to the transfer of the General Partner Interest, and the business of the Partnership shall continue without dissolution. 

Section 4.7 Restrictions on Transfers. 

(a) Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Article IV, no transfer of any Partnership Interests shall be made if such transfer would (i) violate the then-applicable federal or state securities laws or rules and regulations of the Commission, any state securities commission or any other governmental authority with jurisdiction over such transfer, (ii) terminate the existence or qualification of the Partnership under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation or (iii) cause the Operating Partnership or the Operating Partnerships Subsidiaries to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise to be taxed as an entity for federal income tax purposes (to the extent not already so treated or taxed). The Partnership may issue stop transfer instructions to any Transfer Agent in order to implement any restriction on transfer contemplated by this Agreement. 

(b) The Board of Directors may impose restrictions on the transfer of Partnership Interests if it receives an Opinion of Counsel that such restrictions are necessary to (i) avoid a significant risk of the Operating Partnership or the Operating Partnerships Subsidiaries becoming taxable as a corporation or otherwise becoming taxable as an entity for federal income tax purposes (to the extent not already so treated or taxed) or (ii) preserve the uniformity of the Limited Partner Interests (or any class or classes thereof). The Board of Directors may impose such restrictions by amending this Agreement; provided, however, that any amendment that would result in the delisting or suspension of trading of any class of Limited Partner Interests on the principal National Securities Exchange on which such class of Limited Partner Interests is then listed or admitted to trading must be approved, prior to such amendment being effected, by the holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Limited Partner Interests of such class and any Outstanding Limited Partner Interest convertible into such class other than any Non-Voting Common Units (regardless of whether such Outstanding Limited Partnership Interest is then convertible), voting together as a single class. 

(c) Each certificate or book entry evidencing Partnership Interests (other than Series A Preferred Units) shall bear a conspicuous legend in substantially the following form: 

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP (FORMERLY KNOWN AS NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP) THAT THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IF SUCH TRANSFER (AS DEFINED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT) WOULD (A) VIOLATE THE THEN 

28

APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY WITH JURISDICTION OVER SUCH TRANSFER OR (B) TERMINATE THE EXISTENCE OR QUALIFICATION OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE. THIS SECURITY MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON ITS TRANSFER PROVIDED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. COPIES OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED AT NO COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS SECURITY TO THE SECRETARY OF THE PARTNERSHIP AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE PARTNERSHIP. THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH ABOVE SHALL NOT PRECLUDE THE SETTLEMENT OF ANY TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THIS SECURITY ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE FACILITIES OF ANY NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE ON WHICH THIS SECURITY IS LISTED OR ADMITTED TO TRADING. 

ARTICLE V

CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ISSUANCE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 

Section 5.1 Capital Contributions. Neither the General Partner nor any Limited Partner will be required to make any additional Capital Contribution to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 5.2 Interest and Withdrawal. 

No interest shall be paid by the Partnership on Capital Contributions. No Partner shall be entitled to the withdrawal or return of its Capital Contribution, except to the extent, if any, that distributions made pursuant to this Agreement or upon termination of the Partnership may be considered as such by law and then only to the extent provided for in this Agreement. Except to the extent expressly provided in this Agreement, no Partner shall have priority over any other Partner either as to the return of Capital Contributions or as to profits, losses or distributions. Any such return shall be a compromise to which all Partners agree within the meaning of Section 17-502(b) of the Delaware Act. 

Section 5.3 Units. 

(a) The Limited Partner Interests of the Limited Partners shall be represented by issued and outstanding Units, which may be divided into one or more types, classes or series, with each type, class or series having the rights and privileges set forth in this Agreement. The Partnership shall maintain a schedule of all Limited Partners from time to time, and the respective Units held by them. Ownership of a Unit shall not entitle a Limited Partner to call for a partition or division of any property of the Partnership or for any accounting. As of the date of this Agreement, the Partnership is authorized to issue Series A Preferred Units, Common Units, Non-Voting Common Units and Special Voting Units. All Series A Preferred Units, Common Units and Special Voting Units issued and outstanding immediately prior to the date of this Agreement shall remain issued and outstanding immediately following the date of this Agreement and shall be governed by the terms of this Agreement. Subject to Section 13.13, each 

29

holder of Common Units, and each holder of Special Voting Units, shall be entitled to cast, in person or by proxy, one vote for each Common Unit or Special Voting Unit, as applicable, on all matters upon which Limited Partners have the right to vote as set forth in this Agreement and provided under the Delaware Act. The rights of Series A Preferred Unitholders to vote together with the Common Units are set forth in Section 5.8(b)(iii). The rights of holders of Non-Voting Common Units to vote are set forth in Section 5.9(b)(iii).

(b) As of the date of this Agreement, the number of issued and outstanding Special Voting Units is equal to the number of OpCo Common Units held of record by NEE Equity. In the event that, after the date hereof, NEE Equity becomes the record holder of an additional OpCo Common Unit or ceases to be the record holder of any OpCo Common Unit, the Partnership shall issue Special Voting Units to NEE Equity or cancel Special Voting Units held by NEE Equity, as applicable, such that the number of Special Voting Units held by NEE Equity is equal to the number of OpCo Common Units held by NEE Equity; provided that no Special Voting Units shall be cancelled in connection with a transfer of Special Voting Units by NEE Equity to an Affiliate in accordance with Section 4.5(f). The determination of the Board of Directors as to the number of OpCo Common Units held of record by NEE Equity and the number of Special Voting Units held by NEE Equity shall be made by a good faith determination of the Board of Directors, based on the books and records of the Operating Partnership, which determination shall, absent manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all Partners. 

(c) At such time as the Partnership issues Non-Voting Common Units, the Partnership shall contribute the cash proceeds or other consideration received from the issuance of such Non-Voting Common Units to the Operating Partnership in exchange for a number of OpCo Non-Voting Common Units equal to the number of Non-Voting Common Units so issued.

Section 5.4 Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests. 

(a) Subject to Section 5.8(b)(iv), the Partnership may issue additional Partnership Interests (other than General Partner Interests) and Derivative Partnership Interests for any Partnership purpose at any time and from time to time to such Persons for such consideration and on such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors shall determine, all without the approval of any Partner; provided, however, that the Partnership shall not issue any additional Common Units, Non-Voting Common Units, Series A Preferred Units or Series A Parity Securities unless the Partnership contributes the cash proceeds or other consideration received from the issuance of such additional Common Units, Non-Voting Common Units, Series A Preferred Units or Series A Parity Securities in exchange for an equivalent number of OpCo Common Units, OpCo Non-Voting Common Units, OpCo Preferred Units or OpCo Series A Parity Securities, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Partnership may (x) issue Common Units (i) pursuant to employee benefit plans or pursuant to the Exchange Agreement or (ii) pursuant to a distribution (including any split or combination) of Common Units to all of the holders of Common Units pursuant to Section 5.6 and (y) issue Non-Voting Common Units pursuant to a distribution (including any split or combination) of Non-Voting Common Units to all of the holders of Non-Voting Common Units pursuant to Section 5.9(b)(v)(E). 

(b) Each additional Partnership Interest authorized to be issued by the Partnership pursuant to Section 5.4(a) may be issued in one or more classes, or one or more 

30

series of any such classes, with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties (which may be senior to existing classes and series of Partnership Interests), as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors, including (i) the right to share in Partnership profits and losses or items thereof; (ii) the right to share in Partnership distributions; (iii) the rights upon dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership; (iv) whether, and the terms and conditions upon which, the Partnership may or shall be required to redeem the Partnership Interest; (v) whether such Partnership Interest is issued with the privilege of conversion or exchange and, if so, the terms and conditions of such conversion or exchange; (vi) the terms and conditions upon which each Partnership Interest will be issued, evidenced by Certificates and assigned or transferred; (vii) the method for determining the Percentage Interest as to such Partnership Interest; and (viii) the right, if any, of each such Partnership Interest to vote on Partnership matters, including matters relating to the relative rights, preferences and privileges of such Partnership Interest. 

(c) The Board of Directors shall take all actions that it determines to be necessary or appropriate in connection with (i) each issuance of Partnership Interests and Derivative Partnership Interests pursuant to this Section 5.4, (ii) the conversion of the Combined Interest into Units pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, (iii) reflecting admission of such additional Limited Partners in the Register as the Record Holders of such Limited Partner Interests and (iv) all additional issuances of Partnership Interests. The Board of Directors shall determine the relative rights, powers and duties of the holders of the Units or other Partnership Interests being so issued. The Board of Directors shall do all things necessary to comply with the Delaware Act and is authorized and directed to do all things that it determines to be necessary or appropriate in connection with any future issuance of Partnership Interests or in connection with the conversion of the Combined Interest into Units pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including compliance with any statute, rule, regulation or guideline of any federal, state or other governmental agency or any National Securities Exchange on which the Units or other Partnership Interests are listed or admitted to trading. 

(d) No fractional Units shall be issued by the Partnership. 

Section 5.5 Limited Preemptive Right. 

(a) Except as provided in this Section 5.5 or as otherwise provided in a separate agreement by the Partnership, no Person shall have any preemptive, preferential or other similar right with respect to the issuance of any Partnership Interest, whether unissued, held in the treasury or hereafter created. 

(b) The General Partner shall have the right, which it may from time to time assign in whole or in part to any of its Affiliates, to purchase Partnership Interests from the Partnership whenever, and on the same terms that, the Partnership issues Partnership Interests to Persons other than the General Partner and its Affiliates, to the extent necessary to maintain the Adjusted Percentage Interests of the General Partner and its Affiliates equal to that which existed immediately prior to the issuance of such Partnership Interests. 

(c) After the Series A Initial Issuance Date, for as long as any Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser or any of its then-Affiliates continues to own any Series A Preferred Units, such Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser (or its then-Affiliate designees) 

31

shall have the right to purchase any Series A Preferred Units or Series A Parity Securities proposed to be issued by the Partnership (other than any Series A PIK Units or any Series A Parity Security PIK units) to any Person other than the Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers or their Affiliates in an amount equal to the number of such Series A Preferred Units or Series A Parity Securities required in order to maintain such Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers (and its Affiliates that own Series A Preferred Units) Adjusted Percentage Interest (assuming conversion of any outstanding convertible securities) equal to that which existed immediately prior to the issuance of such Series A Preferred Units or Series A Parity Securities, on the same terms and conditions that apply to all offerees in such transaction. In the event of a proposed transaction giving rise to any Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers preemptive rights under the foregoing sentence, the Partnership shall provide notice to the Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers by sending notice to the BlackRock Purchaser (on behalf of itself and as representative of the other Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers and any such Affiliates and to the BlackRock Purchaser Notice Address) no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the expected consummation of such transaction. The BlackRock Purchaser shall provide notice (on behalf of itself and/or any other Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers) of its and any other Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers (and its Affiliates that own Series A Preferred Units) election to exercise its or their preemptive rights within five (5) Business Days after the Partnership gives the notice described in the immediately preceding sentence by delivering such notice to the Partnership at both of the following physical addresses (or such other address or addresses as the Partnership may designate in writing to the BlackRock Purchaser from time to time): 

XPLR Infrastructure, LP

700 Universe Boulevard,

Juno Beach, Florida 33408

Attention: Treasurer 

and 

XPLR Infrastructure, LP

700 Universe Boulevard,

Juno Beach, Florida 33408

Attention: Alan Liu

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

XPLR Infrastructure, LP

700 Universe Boulevard,

Juno Beach, Florida 33408

Attention: Jessica L. Geoffroy

Email: Jessica.Geoffroy@nexteraenergy.com 

If no notice from the BlackRock Purchaser is received by the Partnership within the specified time, neither the BlackRock Purchaser nor any other Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser (or any of their Affiliates) shall have any further preemptive rights with respect to such proposed transaction. The Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers may not transfer their preemptive rights under this Section 5.5(c) (on behalf of itself and/or its Affiliates) (other than to its Affiliates), and each Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser, and its Affiliates and Affiliate 

32

transferees, shall no longer have preemptive rights under this Section 5.5(c) after the occurrence of a Series A Purchaser Change of Control with respect to such Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser. The BlackRock Purchaser may not transfer any of the rights or obligations to give or receive notices hereunder (on behalf of itself and/or any Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser or any of its or their Affiliates), without the express written consent of the Partnership. Following such time as the BlackRock Purchaser ceases to own Series A Preferred Units, the BlackRock Purchaser may continue to give or receive notices under this Section 5.5(c) on behalf of any other Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser or any of its Affiliates who continue to have rights under this Section 5.5(c).

Section 5.6 Splits and Combinations. 

(a) Subject to Section 5.6(d), the Partnership may make a Pro Rata distribution of Partnership Interests to all Record Holders or may effect a subdivision or combination of Partnership Interests so long as, after any such event, each Partner shall have the same Percentage Interest in the Partnership as before such event (subject to the effect of Section 5.8(b)(vi)(E)), and any amounts calculated on a per Unit basis or stated as a number of Units are proportionately adjusted; provided, however, that the Partnership may not effect a subdivision or combination of Partnership Interests described in this Section 5.6(a) unless the Operating Partnership also effects an equivalent subdivision or combination. 

(b) Whenever such a distribution, subdivision or combination of Partnership Interests is declared, the Board of Directors shall select a Record Date as of which the distribution, subdivision or combination shall be effective and shall send notice thereof at least twenty (20) days prior to such Record Date to each Record Holder as of a date not less than ten (10) days prior to the date of such notice (or such shorter periods as required by applicable law). The Board of Directors also may cause a firm of independent public accountants selected by it to calculate the number of Partnership Interests to be held by each Record Holder after giving effect to such distribution, subdivision or combination. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to rely on any certificate provided by such firm as conclusive evidence of the accuracy of such calculation. 

(c) Promptly following any such distribution, subdivision or combination, the Partnership may issue Certificates or uncertificated Partnership Interests to the Record Holders of Partnership Interests as of the applicable Record Date representing the new number of Partnership Interests held by such Record Holders, or the Board of Directors may adopt such other procedures that it determines to be necessary or appropriate to reflect such changes. If any such combination results in a smaller total number of Partnership Interests Outstanding, the Partnership shall require, as a condition to the delivery to a Record Holder of Partnership Interests represented by Certificates, the surrender of any Certificate held by such Record Holder immediately prior to such Record Date. 

(d) The Partnership shall not issue fractional Units upon any distribution, subdivision or combination of Units. If a distribution, subdivision or combination of Units would result in the issuance of fractional Units but for the provisions of Section 5.4(d) and this Section 5.6(d), each fractional Unit shall be rounded to the nearest whole Unit (with fractional Units equal to or greater than a 0.5 Unit being rounded to the next higher Unit). 

33

Section 5.7 Fully Paid and Non-Assessable Nature of Limited Partner Interests. All Limited Partner Interests issued pursuant to, and in accordance with the requirements of, this Article V shall be fully paid and non-assessable Limited Partner Interests in the Partnership, except as such non-assessability may be affected by Sections 17-303, 17-607 or 17-804 of the Delaware Act. 

Section 5.8 Series A Preferred Units. 

(a) General. There is hereby created a class of Units designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Units, with the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, powers and duties as set forth in this Section 5.8 and elsewhere in this Agreement.

(b) Rights of Series A Preferred Units. The Series A Preferred Units shall have the following rights, preferences and privileges and the Series A Preferred Unitholders shall be subject to the following duties and obligations: 

(i) Distributions.

(A) Subject to Section 5.8(b)(i)(B), commencing with the Quarter that includes the Series A Initial Issuance Date, subject to Section 5.8(b)(i)(D), the Record Holders of the Series A Preferred Units as of the applicable Record Date for each Quarter shall be entitled to receive, in respect of each Outstanding Series A Preferred Unit, cumulative distributions in respect of such Quarter equal to the sum of (1) the Series A Distribution Amount for such Quarter and (2) any Series A Unpaid Distributions (collectively, a Series A Quarterly Distribution). With respect to any Quarter (or portion thereof for which a Series A Quarterly Distribution is due) ending on or before the end of the Initial Distribution Period for a Series A Preferred Unit, such Series A Quarterly Distribution shall be paid, as determined by the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, in Series A PIK Units or in cash, or in a combination of Series A PIK Units and cash. For any Quarter ending after the end of the Initial Distribution Period for a Series A Preferred Unit, each Series A Quarterly Distribution on such Series A Preferred Unit shall be paid, as determined by the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, in cash or in a combination of Series A PIK Units and cash; provided that, no more than one-ninth (1/9th) of any such Series A Quarterly Distribution shall consist of Series A PIK Units for any Quarter following the Quarter during which the Initial Distribution Period ends; and provided, further, that for the Quarter during which the Initial Distribution Period ends, (i) the portion of the Series A Distribution Amount calculated through the end of the Initial Distribution Period shall not be subject to the foregoing one-ninth (1/9th) limitation, and (ii) the portion of the Series A Distribution Amount calculated after the end of the Initial Distribution Period shall be subject to the foregoing one-ninth (1/9th) limitation. If the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, elects to pay all or any portion of a Series A Quarterly Distribution in Series A PIK Units, the number of Series A PIK Units to be issued in connection with such Series A Quarterly Distribution shall equal the quotient of (A) the applicable Series A Distribution Amount (or portion thereof to be paid in Series A PIK Units) divided by (B) the Series A Issue Price; provided that instead of issuing any fractional Series A PIK Unit, the 

34

Partnership shall round the number of Series A PIK Units issued to each Series A Preferred Unitholder down to the nearest whole Series A PIK Unit and pay cash in lieu of any resulting fractional unit (with the amount of such cash payment being based on the value of such fractional Series A PIK Unit, which shall be the product of the Series A Issue Price multiplied by the number of Series A Conversion Units into which such fractional Series A PIK Units would be convertible at the applicable Series A Conversion Rate on such Record Date (without regard to whether any Series A Preferred Units are then convertible)). Each Series A Quarterly Distribution shall be paid within 45 days following the end of each Quarter (each such payment date, a Series A Distribution Payment Date) and, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, shall have the same Record Date as established by the Partnership for any distribution to be made by the Partnership on other Partnership Interests in respect of such Quarter. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to Section 5.8(b)(i)(D), the Series A Preferred Units shall not be entitled to any distributions made to Common Unitholders pursuant to Section 6.1(b) for any Quarter so long as the Series A Quarterly Distribution has been declared and paid in full (including any Series A Unpaid Distributions comprising part thereof) in accordance with this Section 5.8(b)(i) on the Series A Preferred Units with respect to such Quarter. 

(B) If the Partnership fails to pay in full the Series A Distribution Amount of any Series A Quarterly Distribution (in cash or Series A PIK Units) when due for any Quarter during the applicable Initial Distribution Period, then the Series A Preferred Unitholders entitled to such unpaid Series A Quarterly Distribution shall be deemed to have nonetheless received such Series A Quarterly Distribution in Series A PIK Units and, accordingly, shall have all other rights under this Agreement as if such Series A PIK Units had, in fact, been issued on the date such distribution was due. If the Partnership fails to pay in full the Series A Distribution Amount of any Series A Quarterly Distribution (in cash or Series A PIK Units) in accordance with Section 5.8(b)(i)(A) when due for any Quarter following the applicable Initial Distribution Period, then (i) the Series A Preferred Unitholders entitled to such unpaid Series A Quarterly Distribution shall be deemed to have nonetheless received one-ninth (1/9th) of such Series A Quarterly Distribution in Series A PIK Units and, accordingly, shall have all other rights under this Agreement as if such Series A PIK Units had, in fact, been issued on the date such distribution was due and (ii) from and after the first date of such failure and continuing until such failure is cured by payment in full in cash of all such arrearages (which arrearages shall exclude, for the avoidance of doubt, the Series A PIK Units deemed received under the immediately preceding clause (i)), (1) the amount of such unpaid cash distributions (on a per Series A Preferred Unit basis, Series A Unpaid Distributions) unless and until paid will accrue and accumulate from and including the first day of the Quarter immediately following the Quarter in respect of which such payment is due until paid in full and (2) the Partnership shall not be permitted to, and shall not, declare or make, any distributions, redemptions or repurchases in respect of any Series A Junior Securities or Series A Parity Securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Quarter for which the Partnership first failed to pay in full any such cash Series A Distribution Amount when due); provided, however, that pro rata distributions may be declared and paid on the Series A Preferred Units and the Series A Parity Securities in amounts per Series A Preferred Unit and Series A Parity Security that 

35

bear to each other the same ratio that accrued and accumulated distributions per Series A Preferred Unit and Series A Parity Security bear to each other. 

(C) The aggregate Series A Distribution Amount (excluding any portion paid in Series A PIK Units) shall be paid out of Available Cash and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be paid prior to any distributions to the Common Unitholders under Section 6.1. 

(D) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5.8(b)(i) to the contrary, with respect to any Series A Preferred Unit that is converted into a Common Unit, (i) with respect to a distribution to be made to Record Holders as of the Record Date preceding such conversion, the Record Holder as of such Record Date of such Series A Preferred Unit shall be entitled to receive such distribution in respect of such Series A Preferred Unit on the corresponding Series A Distribution Payment Date, but shall not be entitled to receive such distribution in respect of the Common Units into which such Series A Preferred Unit was converted on the payment date thereof, and (ii) with respect to a distribution to be made to Record Holders as of any Record Date following such conversion, the Record Holder as of such Record Date of the Common Units into which such Series A Preferred Unit was converted shall be entitled to receive such distribution in respect of such converted Common Units on the payment date thereof, but shall not be entitled to receive such distribution in respect of such Series A Preferred Unit on the corresponding Series A Distribution Payment Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Series A Preferred Unit is converted into Common Units pursuant to the terms hereof following a Record Date but prior to the corresponding Series A Distribution Payment Date, then the Record Holder of such Series A Preferred Unit as of such Record Date shall nonetheless remain entitled to receive on the Series A Distribution Payment Date a distribution in respect of such Series A Preferred Unit pursuant to Section 5.8(b)(i)(A) and, until such distribution is received, Section 5.8(b)(i)(B) shall continue to apply, but shall not be entitled to receive such distribution in respect of the Common Units into which such Series A Preferred Unit was converted on the Series A Distribution Payment Date. 

(E) When any Series A PIK Units are payable to a Series A Preferred Unitholder pursuant to this Section 5.8, the Partnership shall issue the Series A PIK Units to such holder in accordance with Section 5.8(b)(i)(A) (the date of issuance of such Series A PIK Units, the Series A PIK Payment Date). On the Series A PIK Payment Date, the Partnership shall have the option to (i) issue to such Series A Preferred Unitholder a certificate or certificates for the number of Series A PIK Units to which such Series A Preferred Unitholder shall be entitled, or (ii) cause the Transfer Agent to make a notation in book entry form in the books of the Partnership. 

(ii) Issuance of the Series A Preferred Units. The Series A Preferred Units (other than the Series A PIK Units) shall be issued by the Partnership pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Series A Purchase Agreement (as to the Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers) and pursuant to such terms and conditions the Partnership in its sole discretion determines (with respect to any Series A Purchaser who subsequently purchases any Series A Preferred Units issued in accordance with Section 5.8(b)(iv)). 

36

(iii) Voting Rights.

(A) The Outstanding Series A Preferred Units shall have voting rights that are identical to the voting rights of the Common Units and shall vote with the Common Units as a single class, so that each Outstanding Series A Preferred Unit will be entitled to one vote for each Common Unit into which such Series A Preferred Unit would be convertible at the then applicable Series A Conversion Rate (regardless of whether the Series A Preferred Units are then convertible) on each matter with respect to which each Record Holder of a Common Unit is entitled to vote. Each reference in this Agreement to a vote of Record Holders of Common Units shall be deemed to be a reference to the Record Holders of Common Units and Series A Preferred Units, voting together as a single class during any period in which any Series A Preferred Units are Outstanding. 

(B) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.8(b)(iii), in no event shall the consent of the Series A Preferred Unitholders, as a separate class, be required in connection with any Series A Change of Control; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the voting rights of any Series A Preferred Unitholder in connection with any vote of Record Holders of Common Units and Series A Preferred Units together as a single class that may be required. 

(C) Notwithstanding any rights a Series A Preferred Unitholder may have under this Agreement or applicable law, until the Series A Preferred Units are converted to Series A Conversion Units in accordance with the terms hereof, each Series A Preferred Unitholder hereby fully waives any right to nominate or participate in the nomination of any Person for election as a Director of the Partnership or as a member of any other governing body of the Partnership; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the voting rights of a Preferred Unitholder in the election and removal of LP Elected Directors and in the removal of the General Partner in accordance with Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A). For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing waiver shall not apply to any Series A Preferred Units that have been converted to Series A Conversion Units.

(D) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Partnership shall not declare or pay distributions in any given Quarter that exceed an amount equal to the then available Capital Distribution Basket from (i) borrowings, refinancing or refundings of indebtedness and sales of debt securities by the Partnership, (ii) sales of equity interests by the Partnership and (iii) sales or dispositions of any assets of the Partnership (any of the foregoing, Capital Proceeds).

(iv) No Series A Senior Securities; Series A Parity Securities. Other than issuances contemplated by the Series A Purchase Agreement, the Partnership shall not, without the consent of the holders of the Series A Required Voting Percentage, issue any (A) Series A Senior Securities (or amend the provisions of any class of Partnership Interests to make such class of Partnership Interests a class of Series A Senior Securities) or (B) Series A Parity Securities (or amend the provisions of any class of Partnership Interests to make such class of Partnership Interests a class of Series A Parity Securities) or Series A Preferred Units; provided that, without the consent or vote of any Series A 

37

Preferred Unitholder (but without prejudice to their rights under Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A)), the Partnership may issue after the Series A Initial Issuance Date (1) Series A Preferred Units pursuant to the Series A Purchase Agreement, (2) up to the greater of (a) an aggregate issue price of $1 billion of Series A Parity Securities, and (b) a number of Series A Parity Securities such that, as of the date of the issuance of the Series A Parity Securities, the aggregate number of Series A Parity Securities, together with the Series A Preferred Units contemplated by the Series A Purchase Agreement, in each case on an as-converted basis (or, if the Series A Parity Securities are not convertible, assuming that such Series A Parity Securities are convertible into a number of Common Units equal to the quotient of (i) the aggregate purchase price for such Series A Parity Securities, divided by (ii) the Average VWAP for the thirty (30) Trading Day period ending immediately prior to such issuance (such Common Units, the Series A Parity Equivalent Units)), equals no more than fifteen percent (15%) of all Outstanding Common Units and Special Voting Units (including as Outstanding for such purposes, (i) any Common Units issuable in respect of the Series A Preferred Units at the then-applicable Series A Conversion Rate (regardless of whether the Series A Preferred Units are then convertible), (ii) any Common Units issuable in respect of Series A Parity Securities (including any warrants issued in connection with Series A Parity Securities) at the initial or then-applicable conversion rate, as applicable, (iii) any Common Units issuable in respect of any outstanding warrants or options issued by the Partnership, (iv) any Series A Parity Equivalent Units and (v) any Common Units that would otherwise be excluded by operation of the definition of the term Outstanding), and (3) if the Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers and their then-Affiliates hold a number of Series A Preferred Units purchased under the Series A Purchase Agreement (excluding for this purpose, for the avoidance of doubt, any Series A PIK Units) having an aggregate Series A Issue Price of less than or equal to thirty-three and one-third percent (33-1/3%) of the aggregate Series A Issue Price of all Series A Preferred Units purchased pursuant to the Series A Purchase Agreement (excluding for this purpose, for the avoidance of doubt, any Series A PIK Units), then such number of Series A Parity Securities as determined by the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, at any time on and after the first time that the Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers and their Affiliates holdings are below such threshold; provided that following a Series A Purchaser Change of Control with respect to a Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser, any Series A Preferred Units held by such Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser and its Affiliates shall not be considered held by a Series A Purchaser Agreement Purchaser and its then-Affiliates for purposes of the determination under the foregoing clause (3). Subject to Section 5.8(b)(vi)(E), the Partnership may, without any consent or vote of the holders of Outstanding Series A Preferred Units (but without prejudice to their rights under Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A)), issue the Series A PIK Units contemplated by this Agreement or create (by reclassification or otherwise) and issue Series A Junior Securities in an unlimited amount.

(v) Legends. Each certificate or book entry evidencing a Series A Preferred Unit shall bear a conspicuous legend in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit C of this Agreement. 

(vi) Conversion.

38

(A) At the Option of the Series A Preferred Unitholders. Beginning with the earlier of (1) the second (2nd) anniversary of (x) the date of the Series A Purchase Agreement, with respect to the Series A Preferred Units purchased by the Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers under the Series A Purchase Agreement, or (y) the date of issuance of a Series A Preferred Unit, with respect to any Series A Purchaser who subsequently purchases any Series A Preferred Units issued in accordance with Section 5.8(b)(iv), and (2) immediately prior to the liquidation of the Partnership under Section 12.4, the Series A Preferred Units owned by such Series A Preferred Unitholder on such date shall be convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time thereafter upon the request of such Series A Preferred Unitholder, but not more than once per Quarter, in accordance with this Section 5.8(b)(vi). If Series A Preferred Units purchased by the Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers become convertible under clause (x) of the preceding sentence, each such Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser and its Affiliates shall be entitled to (and limited to) a single conversion right per Quarter (in the aggregate and inclusive of any conversion by any such Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers Affiliates, with each Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser and its Affiliates being entitled to a single separate conversion right per Quarter), which may be exercised only by the delivery by the BlackRock Purchaser (on behalf of itself and any other Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers, and any of its or their Affiliates) of a proper Series A Conversion Notice. If Series A Preferred Units owned by a non-Affiliate transferee of a Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser (or an Affiliate thereof) become convertible under clause (x) of the first sentence of this paragraph, or if Series A Preferred Units owned by a purchaser of Series A Preferred Units issued under Section 5.8(b)(iv) become convertible under clause (y) of the first sentence of this paragraph, each such other Series A Preferred Unitholder and its Affiliates shall be entitled to (and limited to) a single conversion right per Quarter (in the aggregate and inclusive of any conversion by such Series A Preferred Unitholders Affiliates). If Series A Preferred Units become convertible under this Section 5.8(b)(vi)(A), such Series A Preferred Units shall be convertible into a number of Common Units determined by multiplying the number of Series A Preferred Units to be converted by (y) in the case of clause (1) of the first sentence of this paragraph, the Series A Conversion Rate at such time and (z) in the case of clause (2) of the first sentence of this paragraph, the Series A COC Conversion Rate; provided, however, that the Partnership shall not be obligated to honor any such conversion request if such conversion request does not involve an underlying value of Common Units of at least $50 million (taking into account and including any concurrent conversion requests or other Quarterly conversion requests that are required to be aggregated as provided above) based on the Closing Price of Common Units on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which a Series A Conversion Notice is received under Section 5.8(b)(vi)(C)(1) (a Series A Conversion Notice Date) (or a lesser amount to the extent such exercise covers all of such Series A Preferred Unitholders and its Affiliates Series A Preferred Units or has been approved by the Partnership). Immediately upon the issuance of Common Units as a result of any conversion of Series A Preferred Units, subject to Section 5.8(b)(i)(D), all rights of the Series A Converting Unitholder with respect to such Series A Preferred Units shall cease, including any further accrual of distributions, and such Series A Converting Unitholder thereafter shall be treated for all purposes as the owner of Common Units. Fractional 

39

Common Units shall not be issued to any Person pursuant to this Section 5.8(b)(vi)(A) (each fractional Common Unit shall be rounded down with the remainder being paid an amount in cash based on the Closing Price of Common Units on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Series A Conversion Notice Date).

(B) At the Option of the Partnership. Following the first anniversary of the date of issuance of a Series A Preferred Unit, the Partnership shall have the option at any time, but not more than once per Quarter, to convert all or a portion of the Series A Preferred Units that were issued on such date and that are then Outstanding into a number of Common Units determined by multiplying the number of Series A Preferred Units to be converted by the Series A Conversion Rate at such time; provided, however, that the Partnership shall not be permitted to convert a number of Series A Preferred Units representing in aggregate more than (x) one-third (1/3) of the total Series A Preferred Units issued pursuant to the Series A Purchase Agreement prior to the second (2nd) anniversary of the final date Series A Preferred Units are purchased under the Series A Purchase Agreement (excluding, for this purpose, for the avoidance of doubt, any Series A PIK Units) or (y) two-thirds (2/3) of the total Series A Preferred Units issued pursuant to the Series A Purchase Agreement prior to the third (3rd) anniversary of the final date Series A Preferred Units are purchased under the Series A Purchase Agreement (excluding, for this purpose, for the avoidance of doubt, any Series A PIK Units). Fractional Common Units shall not be issued to any Person pursuant to this Section 5.8(b)(vi)(B) (each fractional Common Unit shall be rounded down with the remainder being paid an amount in cash based on the Closing Price of Common Units on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which a Series A Forced Conversion Notice under Section 5.8(b)(vi)(C)(2) is sent (a Series A Forced Conversion Notice Date)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order for the Partnership to exercise such option: 

(1) The Closing Price of the Common Units must be greater than, (x) with respect to a Series A Forced Conversion Notice Date occurring prior to the second (2nd) anniversary of the final date Series A Preferred Units are purchased under the Series A Purchase Agreement (excluding, for this purpose, for the avoidance of doubt, any Series A PIK Units), one hundred twenty percent (120%) of the Series A Issue Price, (y) with respect to a Series A Forced Conversion Notice Date occurring on or after the second (2nd) anniversary of the final date Series A Preferred Units are purchased under the Series A Purchase Agreement (excluding, for this purpose, for the avoidance of doubt, any Series A PIK Units) but prior to the third (3rd) anniversary thereof, one hundred thirty percent (130%) of the Series A Issue Price, or (z) with respect to a Series A Forced Conversion Notice Date occurring on or after the third (3rd) anniversary of the final date Series A Preferred Units are purchased under the Series A Purchase Agreement (excluding, for this purpose, for the avoidance of doubt, any Series A PIK Units), one hundred forty percent (140%), of the Series A Issue Price, for at least twenty (20) Trading Days out of the thirty (30) Trading Day period immediately preceding the Series A Forced Conversion Notice Date; 

40

(2) The average daily trading volume of the Common Units on the National Securities Exchange on which the Common Units are then listed or admitted to trading must be equal to or exceed 165,000 (as such amount may be adjusted to reflect any Unit split, combination or similar event) for at least twenty (20) Trading Days out of the thirty (30) Trading Day period immediately preceding the Series A Forced Conversion Notice Date; and

(3) The Common Units are listed or admitted to trading on a National Securities Exchange; 

provided that each such conversion by the Partnership shall be for an aggregate amount of Series A Preferred Units involving an underlying value of Common Units of at least $50 million based on the Closing Price of Common Units on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Series A Forced Conversion Notice Date (or a lesser amount if such amount includes all then Outstanding Series A Preferred Units) and shall be allocated among the Series A Preferred Unitholders on a Pro Rata basis or on such other basis as may be agreed upon by all Series A Preferred Unitholders. 

(C) Conversion Notice.

(1) To convert Series A Preferred Units into Common Units pursuant to Section 5.8(b)(vi)(A), a Series A Converting Unitholder shall give written notice (a Series A Conversion Notice) to the Partnership stating that such Series A Preferred Unitholder elects to so convert Series A Preferred Units pursuant to Section 5.8(b)(vi)(A), the number of Series A Preferred Units to be converted. The Series A Conversion Units shall be issued in the name of the Record Holder of such Series A Preferred Units. A Series A Converting Unitholder who is a Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser (or an Affiliate thereof) may only provide a Series A Conversion Notice through the BlackRock Purchaser as and to the extent provided in Section 5.8(b)(vi)(A), and the BlackRock Purchaser may not transfer any of the rights or obligations to give or receive notices under this Section 5.8(b)(vi) (on behalf of itself and/or any Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser or any of its or their Affiliates) without the express written consent of the Partnership. Following such time as the BlackRock Purchaser ceases to own Series A Preferred Units, the BlackRock Purchaser may continue to give or receive notices pursuant to the foregoing on behalf of any other Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser or any of its Affiliates who are required to provide notice through the BlackRock Purchaser under this Section 5.8(b)(vi). A Series A Conversion Notice shall be considered given under this Section 5.8(b)(vi) when such notice is actually received by the Partnership at both of the following physical addresses (or such other address or addresses as the Partnership may designate in writing to the BlackRock Purchaser from time to time): 

XPLR Infrastructure, LP

700 Universe Boulevard,

41

Juno Beach, Florida 33408

Attention: Treasurer 

and 

XPLR Infrastructure, LP

700 Universe Boulevard,

Juno Beach, Florida 33408

Attention: Alan Liu

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

XPLR Infrastructure, LP

700 Universe Boulevard,

Juno Beach, Florida 33408

Attention: Jessica L. Geoffroy

Email: Jessica.Geoffroy@nexteraenergy.com

(2) To convert Series A Preferred Units into Common Units pursuant to Section 5.8(b)(vi)(B), the Partnership shall give written notice (a Series A Forced Conversion Notice) to each Record Holder of Series A Preferred Units stating that the Partnership elects to force conversion of Series A Preferred Units pursuant to Section 5.8(b)(vi)(B) and the number of Series A Preferred Units to be so converted; provided that the Partnership may satisfy the foregoing with respect to any or all Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers and any or all of their Affiliates by sending such Series A Forced Conversion Notice solely to the BlackRock Purchaser (on behalf of itself and as representative of the other Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers and its and their Affiliates) to the BlackRock Purchaser Notice Address. The Series A Conversion Units shall be issued in the name of the Record Holder of such Series A Preferred Units. 

(D) Timing. If a Series A Conversion Notice is delivered by a Series A Preferred Unitholder to the Partnership or a Series A Forced Conversion Notice is delivered by the Partnership to a Series A Preferred Unitholder, each in accordance with Section 5.8(b)(vi)(C), the Partnership shall issue the applicable Series A Conversion Units no later than three (3) Business Days after the Series A Conversion Notice Date or the Series A Forced Conversion Notice Date, as the case may be, occurs (any date of issuance of such Common Units, and any date of issuance of Common Units upon conversion of Series A Preferred Units pursuant to this Section 5.8(b)(vi) or Section 5.8(b)(vii), a Series A Conversion Date). On the Series A Conversion Date, the Partnership shall instruct, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause, its Transfer Agent to electronically transmit the Series A Conversion Units to such Series A Preferred Unitholder. The Series A Preferred Unitholders and the Partnership agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to coordinate with the Transfer Agent to accomplish this objective. Subject to Section 5.8(b)(i)(D), upon issuance of Series A Conversion Units to the Series A Converting Unitholder, all rights under the converted Series A Preferred Units shall cease, and such Series A Converting Unitholder shall be treated for all purposes as the Record Holder of such Series A Conversion Units.

42

(E) Distributions, Combinations, Subdivisions and Reclassifications by the Partnership. If, after the Series A Initial Issuance Date, the Partnership (i) makes a distribution on its Common Units payable in Common Units or other Partnership Interests, (ii) subdivides or splits its outstanding Common Units into a greater number of Common Units, (iii) combines or reclassifies its Common Units into a lesser number of Common Units, (iv) issues by reclassification of its Common Units any Partnership Interests (including any reclassification in connection with a merger, consolidation or business combination in which the Partnership is the surviving Person), (v) effects a Pro Rata repurchase of Common Units, in each case other than in connection with a Series A Change of Control (which shall be governed by Section 5.8(b)(vii)), (vi) issues to holders of Common Units, in their capacity as holders of Common Units, rights, options or warrants entitling them to subscribe for or purchase Common Units at less than the market value thereof, (vii) distributes to holders of Common Units evidences of indebtedness, Partnership Interests (other than Common Units) or other assets (including securities, but excluding any distribution referred to in clause (i), any rights or warrants referred to in clause (ii), any consideration payable in connection with a tender or exchange offer made by the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries and any distribution of Units or any class or series, or similar Partnership Interest, of or relating to a subsidiary or other business unit in the case of certain spin-off transactions described below), or (viii) consummates a spin-off, where the Partnership makes a distribution to all holders of Common Units consisting of Units of any class or series, or similar equity interests of, or relating to, a subsidiary or other business unit, then the Series A Conversion Rate and, solely for purposes Section 5.8(b)(vi)(B)(1), the Series A Issue Price, in each case, in effect at the time of the Record Date for such distribution or the effective date of any such other transaction shall be proportionately adjusted: (1) in respect of clauses (i) through (iv) above, so that the conversion of the Series A Preferred Units after such time shall entitle each Series A Preferred Unitholder to receive the aggregate number of Common Units (or any Partnership Interests into which such Common Units would have been combined, consolidated, merged or reclassified, as applicable) that such Series A Preferred Unitholder would have been entitled to receive if the Series A Preferred Units had been converted into Common Units immediately prior to such Record Date or effective date, as the case may be, (2) in respect of clauses (v) through (viii) above, in the reasonable discretion of the Board of Directors to appropriately ensure that the Series A Preferred Units are convertible into an economically equivalent number of Common Units after taking into account the event described in clauses (v) through (viii) above, and (3) in addition to the foregoing, in the case of a merger, consolidation or business combination in which the Partnership is the surviving Person, the Partnership shall provide effective provisions to ensure that the provisions in this Section 5.8 relating to the Series A Preferred Units shall not be abridged or amended and that the Series A Preferred Units shall thereafter retain the same powers, economic rights, preferences and relative participating, optional and other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereon, that the Series A Preferred Units had immediately prior to such transaction or event, and, solely for purposes of Section 5.8(b)(vi)(B)(1), the Series A Issue Price, and any other terms of the Series A Preferred Units that the Board of Directors, in its reasonable discretion, determines require adjustment to achieve the economic equivalence described below, shall be proportionately adjusted to take into 

43

account any such subdivision, split, combination or reclassification. An adjustment made pursuant to this Section 5.8(b)(vi)(E) shall become effective immediately after the Record Date in the case of a distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination, reclassification (including any reclassification in connection with a merger, consolidation or business combination in which the Partnership is the surviving Person) or split. Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever any event described above shall occur.

(F) No Adjustments for Certain Items. Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of this Section 5.8(b)(vi), no adjustment shall be made to the Series A Conversion Rate or the Series A Issue Price pursuant to Section 5.8(b)(vi)(E) as a result of any of the following: 

(1) Any issuance of Partnership Interests in exchange for cash; 

(2) Any grant of Common Units or options, warrants or rights to purchase or receive Common Units or the issuance of Common Units upon the exercise or vesting of any such options, warrants or rights in respect of services provided to or for the benefit of the Partnership or its Subsidiaries, under compensation plans and agreements approved by the Board of Directors (including any long-term incentive plan); 

(3) Any issuance of Common Units as all or part of the consideration to effect (i) the closing of any acquisition by the Partnership of assets or equity interests of a third party in an arms-length transaction, (ii) closing of any acquisition by the Partnership of assets or equity interests of NEE or any of its Affiliates or (iii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or other business combination of the Partnership with another entity in which the Partnership survives and the Common Units remain Outstanding to the extent any such transaction set forth in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above is validly approved by the Board of Directors; or 

(4) The issuance of Common Units upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Units or Series A Parity Securities.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, whenever the issuance of a Partnership Interest or other event would require an adjustment to the Series A Conversion Rate under one or more provisions of this Agreement, only one adjustment shall be made to the Series A Conversion Rate in respect of such issuance or event. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5.8(b)(vi)(E), unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, no adjustment to the Series A Conversion Rate or the Series A Issue Price shall be made with respect to any distribution or other transaction described in Section 5.8(b)(vi)(E) if the Series A Preferred Unitholders are entitled to participate in such distribution or transaction as if they held a number of Common Units issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Units immediately prior to such event at the then applicable Series A Conversion Rate, without having to convert their Series A Preferred Units.

44

(vii) Series A Change of Control. 

(A) Subject to Section 5.8(b)(vi)(B), in the event of a Series A Cash COC Event, the Outstanding Series A Preferred Units shall be automatically converted, without requirement of any action of the Series A Preferred Unitholders, into Common Units immediately prior to the closing of the applicable Series A Change of Control at the Series A COC Conversion Rate.

(B) Subject to Section 5.8(b)(vi)(B), at least 10 Business Days prior to consummating a Series A Change of Control (other than a Series A Cash COC Event), the Partnership shall provide written notice thereof to the Series A Preferred Unitholders, which notice requirement the Partnership may satisfy with respect to any or all Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers (and any Affiliates thereof) by sending such notice solely to the BlackRock Purchaser (on behalf of itself and as representative of the other Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers and any of its and their Affiliates) to the BlackRock Purchaser Notice Address. Subject to Section 5.8(b)(vi)(B), if a Series A Change of Control (other than a Series A Cash COC Event) occurs, then each Series A Preferred Unitholder, with respect to all but not less than all of its Series A Preferred Units, by notice given to the Partnership within five (5) Business Days after the date the Partnership provides written notice of the execution of definitive agreements that provide for such Series A Change of Control, shall be entitled to elect one of the following (with the understanding that any Series A Preferred Unitholder who fails to timely provide notice of its election to the Partnership shall be deemed to have elected the option set forth in sub-clause (1) below). Notice of an election under this Section 5.8(b)(vii)(B) shall be considered given to the Partnership when such notice is actually received by the Partnership at both of the following physical addresses (or such other address or addresses as the Partnership may designate in writing to the BlackRock Purchaser from time to time):

XPLR Infrastructure, LP

700 Universe Boulevard,

Juno Beach, Florida 33408

Attention: Treasurer 

and 

XPLR Infrastructure, LP

700 Universe Boulevard,

Juno Beach, Florida 33408

Attention: Alan Liu

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

XPLR Infrastructure, LP

700 Universe Boulevard,

Juno Beach, Florida 33408

Attention: Jessica L. Geoffroy

Email: Jessica.Geoffroy@nexteraenergy.com

45

Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary herein, the BlackRock Purchaser shall notify the Partnership of the election made by the Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers (on behalf of itself and as representative of the other Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers and its and their Affiliates), all Series A Purchase Agreement Purchasers (and any of their Affiliates) may provide notice of an election under this Section only through such a notice by the BlackRock Purchaser on their behalf and shall be deemed to have made such election as indicated to the Partnership by the BlackRock Purchaser, and the BlackRock Purchaser may not transfer any of the rights or obligations to give or receive notices hereunder (on behalf of itself and/or any Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser or any of its or their Affiliates) without the express written consent of the Partnership. Following such time as the BlackRock Purchaser ceases to own Series A Preferred Units, the BlackRock Purchaser may continue to give or receive notices pursuant to the foregoing on behalf of any other Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser or any of its Affiliates who are required to provide notice through the BlackRock Purchaser under this Section 5.8(b)(vii)(B).

(1) Convert all, but not less than all, of such Series A Preferred Unitholders Outstanding Series A Preferred Units into Common Units, at the then-applicable Series A Conversion Rate; 

(2) If the Partnership will not be the surviving entity of such Series A Change of Control or the Partnership will be the surviving entity but its Common Units will cease to be listed or admitted to trading on a National Securities Exchange, require the Partnership to use its commercially reasonable efforts to deliver or to cause to be delivered to the Series A Preferred Unitholders, in exchange for their Series A Preferred Units upon such Series A Change of Control, a security in the surviving entity or the parent of the surviving entity that has substantially similar rights, preferences and privileges as the Series A Preferred Units, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to distributions equal in amount and timing to those provided in Section 5.8(b)(i) and a conversion rate proportionately adjusted such that the conversion of such security in the surviving entity or parent of the surviving entity immediately following the Series A Change of Control would entitle the Record Holder to the number of common securities of such entity (together with a number of common securities of equivalent value to any other assets received by holders of Common Units in such Series A Change of Control) which, if a Series A Preferred Unit had been converted into Common Units immediately prior to such Series A Change of Control, such Record Holder would have been entitled to receive immediately following such Series A Change of Control (such security in the surviving entity, a Series A Substantially Equivalent Unit); provided, however, that, if the Partnership is unable to deliver or cause to be delivered Series A Substantially Equivalent Units to any Series A Preferred Unitholder in connection with such Series A Change of Control, each Series A Preferred Unitholder shall be entitled to (I) require conversion or redemption of such Series A Preferred Units in the manner contemplated by subclause (1) or (4) of this Section 5.8(b)(vii)(B) (at such holders election) or (II) convert the Series A Preferred Units held by such Series A Preferred Unitholder immediately prior to such Series A Change of 

46

Control into a number of Common Units at a conversion ratio equal to the quotient of: (a) the product of (i) one hundred sixty percent (160%) multiplied by (ii) the Series A Issue Price less the Series A Preferred Unitholders Pro Rata portion of the sum of (A) all cash distributions paid on all Series A Preferred Units on or prior to the date of the Series A Change of Control and (B) an amount in cash equal to the aggregate of the Series A Quarterly Distributions paid in Series A PIK Units (based on the value of such Series A PIK Units on the applicable Series A PIK Payment Date) on or before the date of the Series A Change of Control, divided by (b) an amount equal to ninety-five percent (95%) of the Average VWAP for the thirty (30) Trading Day period prior to the closing of the Series A Change of Control; provided, however, that such ratio shall in no event exceed a value per Series A Preferred Unit equal to (aa) one hundred twenty percent (120%) of the Series A Issue Price in the case of a Series A Change of Control occurring prior to the first anniversary of the Series A Initial Issuance Date, (bb) one hundred thirty percent (130%) of the Series A Issue Price in the case of a Series A Change of Control occurring on or after the first anniversary of the Series A Initial Issuance Date, but prior to the second (2nd) anniversary of the Series A Initial Issuance Date, and (cc) one hundred forty percent (140%) of the Series A Issue Price in the case of a Series A Change of Control occurring on or after the second (2nd) anniversary of the Series A Initial Issuance Date, but prior to the third (3rd) anniversary of the Series A Initial Issuance Date. 

(3) If the Partnership is the surviving entity of such Series A Change of Control, continue to hold Series A Preferred Units; or 

(4) Require the Partnership to redeem the Series A Preferred Units at a price per Series A Preferred Unit equal to the sum of (A) the product of one hundred one percent (101%) and the sum of (x) the Series A Issue Price plus (y) Series A Unpaid Distributions on the applicable Series A Preferred Unit, plus (B) Series A Partial Period Distributions on the applicable Series A Preferred Unit. Any redemption pursuant to this sub-clause (4) shall, as determined by the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, be paid in cash, Common Units listed or admitted to trading on a National Securities Exchange or any combination thereof. If all or any portion of such redemption is to be paid in Common Units, the Common Units to be issued shall be valued at ninety-five percent (95%) of the Average VWAP for the thirty (30) Trading Day period ending on the fifth (5th) Trading Day immediately prior to the Series A Change of Control. No later than three (3) Trading Days prior to the consummation of the related Series A Change of Control, the Partnership shall deliver a written notice to the Record Holders of the Series A Preferred Units stating the date on which the Series A Preferred Units will be redeemed and the Partnerships computation of the amount of cash or Common Units to be received by the Record Holder upon redemption of such Series A Preferred Units. If the Partnership shall be the surviving entity of the related Series A Change of Control, then no later than ten (10) Business Days following the consummation of such Series A Change of Control, the Partnership shall remit the applicable cash or Common Unit listed or admitted to trading on a National Securities Exchange consideration to the Record 

47

Holders of then Outstanding Series A Preferred Units. If the Partnership shall not be the surviving entity of the related Series A Change of Control, then the Partnership shall remit the applicable cash immediately prior to the consummation of the Series A Change of Control. The Record Holders shall deliver to the Partnership any Certificates representing the Series A Preferred Units as soon as practicable following the redemption. Record Holders of the Series A Preferred Units shall retain all of the rights and privileges thereof unless and until the consideration due to them as a result of such redemption shall be paid in full in cash or Common Units, as applicable. After any such redemption, any such redeemed Series A Preferred Unit shall no longer constitute an issued and Outstanding Limited Partner Interest. 

(viii) Series A Preferred Unit Transfer Restrictions. 

(A) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 5.8(b)(viii) (other than the restriction on transfers to a Person that is not a U.S. resident individual or an entity that is not treated as a U.S. corporation or partnership set forth in Section 5.8(b)(viii)(B)), subject to Section 4.7, each Series A Preferred Unitholder shall be permitted to transfer any Series A Preferred Units owned by such Series A Preferred Unitholder to any of its Affiliates or to any other Series A Preferred Unitholder . 

(B) Without the prior written consent of the Partnership, except as specifically provided in the Series A Purchase Agreement or this Agreement, each Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser (and its Affiliates to which Series A Preferred Units are transferred pursuant to Section 5.8(b)(viii)(A)) shall not, (a) during the period commencing on the date of the Series A Purchase Agreement and ending on the first anniversary of the latest date on which any Series A Preferred Units are purchased thereunder (for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the foregoing, excluding any Series A PIK Units), offer, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of its Series A Preferred Units or any rights with respect to such Units, (b) during the period commencing on the date of the Series A Purchase Agreement and ending on the second (2nd) anniversary of the latest date on which any Series A Preferred Units are purchased thereunder (for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the foregoing, excluding any Series A PIK Units), directly or indirectly engage in any short sales or other derivative or hedging transactions with respect to the Series A Preferred Units or Common Units that are designed to, or that might reasonably be expected to, result in the transfer to another, in whole or in part, of any of the economic consequences of ownership of any Series A Preferred Units or any rights with respect to such Units, (c) transfer any Series A Preferred Units to any non-U.S. resident individual, non-U.S. corporation or partnership, or any other non-U.S. entity, including any foreign governmental entity, including by means of any swap or other transaction or arrangement that transfers or that is designed to, or that might reasonably be expected to, result in the transfer to another, in whole or in part, of any of the economic consequences of ownership of any Series A Preferred Units or any rights with respect to such Units, regardless of whether any transaction described above is to be settled by delivery of Series A Preferred Units, Common Units or other 

48

securities, in cash or otherwise, (provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply if, prior to any such transfer or arrangement, such individual, corporation, partnership or other entity establishes to the satisfaction of the Partnership, its entitlement to a complete exemption from tax withholding, including under Code Sections 1441, 1442, 1445 and 1471 through 1474, and the Treasury Regulations thereunder), or (d) effect any transfer of Series A Preferred Units or Series A Conversion Units or any rights with respect to such Units in a manner that violates the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that such Series A Preferred Unitholder may make a bona fide pledge of all or any portion of its Series A Preferred Units in connection with a Permitted Loan, and any foreclosure by any pledgee under such Permitted Loan on any such pledged Series A Preferred Units or related Series A Conversion Units (or any sale thereof) shall not be considered a violation or breach of this Section 5.8(b)(viii)(B), and the transfer of the Series A Preferred Units by a pledgee who has foreclosed on such a Permitted Loan shall not be considered a violation or breach of this Section 5.8(b)(viii)(B). Notwithstanding the foregoing, any transferee receiving any Series A Preferred Units pursuant to any part of this Section 5.8(b)(viii) shall agree to the restrictions set forth in this Section 5.8(b)(viii)(B) and Section 5.8(b)(iii)(C) and, to the extent still applicable take all actions necessary to become a party to any confidentiality agreement between the transferor of such Series A Preferred Units and the Partnership. For the avoidance of doubt, in no way does this Section 5.8(b)(viii)(B) prohibit changes in the composition of any Series A Preferred Unitholder or its partners or members so long as such changes in composition only relate to changes in direct or indirect ownership of such Series A Preferred Unitholder among such Series A Preferred Unitholder or its partners or members, so long as such changes in composition only relate to changes in direct or indirect ownership of the Series A Preferred Unitholder among such Series A Unitholder, its Affiliates and the limited partners of the private equity fund vehicles that indirectly own such Series A Preferred Unitholder.

(C) Subject to Section 4.7, following the first anniversary of the latest date on which any Series A Preferred Units are purchased under the Series A Purchase Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the foregoing, excluding any Series A PIK Units), the Series A Preferred Unitholders may freely transfer Series A Preferred Units involving an underlying value of Common Units of at least $50 million (taking into account any concurrent transfers by Affiliates of such Series A Preferred Unitholder) based on the Closing Price of Common Units on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of such transfer (or such lesser amount if it (i) constitutes the remaining holdings of Series A Preferred Units of such Series A Preferred Unitholder or (ii) has been approved by the Board of Directors), subject to compliance with applicable securities laws and this Agreement; provided, however, that this Section 5.8(b)(viii)(C) shall not eliminate, modify or reduce the obligations set forth in subclauses (b), (c) or (d) of Section 5.8(b)(viii)(B).

(ix) Notices. For the avoidance of doubt, the Partnership shall distribute to the Record Holders of Series A Preferred Units copies of all notices, materials, annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements, information statements and any other documents distributed generally to the Record Holders of Common Units of the 

49

Partnership, at such times and by such method as such documents are distributed to such Record Holders of such Common Units.

(x) OpCo Preferred Unit Terms. Without the consent of the holders of the Series A Required Voting Percentage, the Partnership shall not (i) amend the terms of the OpCo Preferred Units in a manner that is adverse to and inconsistent with the terms of the Series A Preferred Units, (ii) amend Section 5.11(b)(iii)(B) of the OpCo Partnership Agreement, (iii) transfer any OpCo Preferred Units or (iv) provide any consent of the OpCo Preferred Units required under the first paragraph of Section 5.11(b)(iv) of the OpCo Partnership Agreement.

Section 5.9 Non-Voting Common Units. 

(a) General. The class of Units designated as Non-Voting Common Units shall have the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, powers and duties of Non-Voting Common Units as set forth in this Section 5.9 and elsewhere in this Agreement.

(b) Rights of Non-Voting Common Units. The Non-Voting Common Units shall have the following rights, preferences and privileges and the holders of Non-Voting Common Units shall be subject to the following duties and obligations: 

(i) Distributions. 

(A) Commencing with the Quarter that includes the date on which Non-Voting Common Units are issued by the Partnership in accordance with the applicable Qualified Agreement, the Record Holders of the Non-Voting Common Units as of the applicable Record Date for each Quarter shall be entitled to receive, in respect of each outstanding Non-Voting Common Unit, their Pro Rata portion of the distributions made with respect to such Quarter to the holders of Common Units (including Non-Voting Common Units) pursuant to and in accordance with Section 6.1.

(B) If a Non-Voting Common Unit is converted into a Common Unit pursuant to the terms hereof following a Record Date for a distribution but prior to the payment date of such distribution pursuant to Section 6.1, then the Record Holder of such Non-Voting Common Unit as of such Record Date shall nonetheless remain entitled to receive, on the payment date thereof, such distribution in respect of such Non-Voting Common Unit pursuant to Section 5.9(b)(i)(A) but shall not be entitled to receive any distribution in respect of the Common Units into which such Non-Voting Common Unit was converted on the payment date of such distribution. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to a distribution to be made to Record Holders as of any Record Date following such conversion, the Record Holder as of such Record Date of the Common Unit into which such Non-Voting Common Unit was converted shall be entitled to receive such distribution in respect of such converted Common Unit on the payment date thereof pursuant to and in accordance with Section 6.1.

50

(ii) Issuance of the Non-Voting Common Units. The Non-Voting Common Units shall be issued by the Partnership from time to time pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of the applicable Qualified Agreement.

(iii) Voting Rights. Except as provided pursuant to Section 13.3 and Section 14.3, the Outstanding Non-Voting Common Units shall have no voting rights on any matter whatsoever under this Agreement, the Delaware Act or otherwise. To the extent Record Holders of Non-Voting Common Units vote pursuant to Section 13.3 or Section 14.3, each Outstanding Non-Voting Common Unit will be entitled to one vote on any matter with respect to which the Record Holders of Non-Voting Common Units are entitled to vote thereunder. 

(iv) Legends. Each certificate or book entry evidencing a Non-Voting Common Unit shall bear a conspicuous legend in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit D of this Agreement.

(v) Conversion.

(A) Automatic Conversion. Subject to the provisions of this Section 5.9(b)(v), each Non-Voting Common Unit held by a Record Holder that is a Qualified Holder shall automatically convert into one (1) Common Unit (or such number as adjusted pursuant to Section 5.9(b)(v)(E)) immediately upon its transfer by such Qualified Holder to any Person that is not an Affiliate (as that term is defined in the applicable Qualified Agreement) of such Qualified Holder. At least one (1) Business Day before the closing of any transfer that results in an automatic conversion pursuant to this Section 5.9(b)(v)(A), the Converting Holder shall deliver written notice of such transfer (an Automatic Conversion Notice) to the Partnership at the addresses listed in Section 5.9(b)(v)(C). For purposes of this Section 5.9(b)(v)(A), a pledge (including any pledge where the relevant lender or its custodian becomes the Record Holder, so long as the applicable Qualified Holder retains beneficial ownership), grant of security interest, or other encumbrance of any Non-Voting Common Units by a Record Holder that is a Qualified Holder shall not be considered a transfer hereunder.

(B) Optional Conversion. 

(1) Upon delivery of an Optional Conversion Notice to the Partnership in accordance with Section 5.9(b)(v)(C), each Maximum Percentage Converting Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, to convert all or any portion of the Non-Voting Common Units held by it into one (1) Common Unit for each Non-Voting Common Unit being converted. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no such Maximum Percentage Converting Holder shall have the right to convert any Non-Voting Common Units to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Optional Conversion Notice, such Maximum Percentage Converting Holder (together with such Maximum Percentage Converting Holders Affiliates and any other Persons acting as a group with such Maximum Percentage Converting Holder or any of such Maximum Percentage Converting Holders Affiliates (such 

51

Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in excess of 19.8% of the number of Common Units outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion (the Maximum Percentage). In the event that the issuance of Common Units to a Maximum Percentage Converting Holder upon exercise of this option to convert results in such Maximum Percentage Converting Holders and the other Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage, (aa) the number of Common Units so issued by which such Maximum Percentage Converting Holders and the other Attribution Parties aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess Units) shall be deemed null and void ab initio, (bb) such Maximum Percentage Converting Holder shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares, and (cc) the conversion of such Excess Units from Non-Voting Common Units to Common Units shall be deemed null and void ab initio and such Maximum Percentage Converting Holder shall be deemed to have retained the number of Non-Voting Common Units equal to the amount of such Excess Units as if, in all respects, such conversion had not occurred. For purposes of this Section 5.9(b)(v)(B)(1), beneficial ownership and the beneficial ownership percentage shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, including taking into account any other securities held by the applicable Maximum Percentage Converting Holder or any of the Attribution Parties that are convertible into Common Units, as applicable. 

(2) Each 61-Day Converting Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, to convert all or any portion of the Non-Voting Common Units held by it into one (1) Common Unit for each Non-Voting Common Unit being converted, upon delivery of an Optional Conversion Notice to the Partnership in accordance with Section 5.9(b)(v)(C), by specifying the number of Non-Voting Common Units to be converted and, on the date that is sixty-one (61) days following delivery of such Optional Conversion Notice, the number of Non-Voting Common Units specified in such Optional Conversion Notice shall automatically be converted into an equal number of Common Units.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt, each Qualified Holder shall be entitled to (and limited to) a single conversion right under this Section 5.9(b)(v)(B) in each Quarter. Immediately upon the issuance of Common Units as a result of any conversion of Non-Voting Common Units, all rights of the Converting Holder with respect to such Non-Voting Common Units so converted shall cease, subject to Section 5.9(b)(i)(B), and such Converting Holder thereafter shall be treated for all purposes as the owner of the Common Units issuable upon such conversion.

(C) Conversion Notice. To convert Non-Voting Common Units into Common Units pursuant to Section 5.9(b)(v)(B)(1) or Section 5.9(b)(v)(B)(2), a Qualified Holder (or other Converting Holder) holding Non-Voting Common Units shall give written notice (a Optional Conversion Notice) to the Partnership stating that such Converting Holder elects to convert all or a portion of its Non-Voting Common 

52

Units into Common Units pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, Section 5.9(b)(v)(B)(1) or Section 5.9(b)(v)(B)(2), as applicable. The Common Units issuable upon conversion shall be issued in the name of the Converting Holder or to a transferee specified in such Optional Conversion Notice. An Optional Conversion Notice shall be considered given under this Section 5.9(b)(v) when such notice is actually received by the Partnership at both of the following physical addresses (or such other address or addresses as the Partnership may designate in writing to the holders of Non-Voting Common Units from time to time):

XPLR Infrastructure, LP

700 Universe Boulevard,

Juno Beach, Florida 33408

Attention: Treasurer 

and 

XPLR Infrastructure, LP

700 Universe Boulevard,

Juno Beach, Florida 33408

Attention: Alan Liu

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

XPLR Infrastructure, LP

700 Universe Boulevard,

Juno Beach, Florida 33408

Attention: Jessica L. Geoffroy

Email: Jessica.Geoffroy@nexteraenergy.com

(D) Timing. If an Automatic Conversion Notice or an Optional Conversion Notice is delivered by a Converting Holder or Qualified Holder, as applicable, to the Partnership, each in accordance with this Section 5.9(b)(v), the Partnership shall issue the applicable Common Units no later than two (2) Business Days after the date on which such Automatic Conversion Notice or Optional Conversion Notice is actually received by the Partnership (the Conversion Date). On the Conversion Date, the Partnership shall instruct, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause, its Transfer Agent to electronically transmit the Common Units issued upon such conversion to the applicable Converting Holder or its specified transferee. The Converting Holder and the Partnership agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to coordinate with the Transfer Agent to accomplish this objective. Subject to Section 5.9(b)(i)(B), upon issuance of Common Units to a Converting Holder (or its specified transferee), all rights under the converted Non-Voting Common Units shall cease, and such holder shall be treated for all purposes as the Record Holder of such Common Units.

(E) Distributions, Combinations, Subdivisions and Reclassifications by the Partnership. If, at any time from and after the beginning of any period specified in a Qualified Agreement for the determination of the number of Non-Voting Common Units to be issued by the Partnership in connection with a Qualified Call Option, the Partnership (i) makes a distribution on its Common Units payable in 

53

Common Units or other Partnership Interests, (ii) subdivides or splits its outstanding Common Units into a greater number of Common Units, (iii) combines or reclassifies its Common Units into a lesser number of Common Units, (iv) issues Pro Rata to all holders of Common Units, by reclassification of its Common Units, any Partnership Interests (including any reclassification in connection with a merger, consolidation or business combination in which the Partnership is the surviving Person), (v) effects a Pro Rata repurchase of Common Units, (vi) issues Pro Rata to all holders of Common Units, in their capacity as holders of Common Units, rights, options or warrants entitling them to subscribe for or purchase Common Units, (vii) distributes Pro Rata to all holders of Common Units evidences of indebtedness, Partnership Interests (other than Common Units), or other assets (including securities, but excluding any distribution referred to in clause (i), any rights or warrants referred to in clause (ii), any consideration payable in connection with a tender or exchange offer made by the Partnership or any of its subsidiaries, and any distribution of Units or any class or series, or similar Partnership Interest, of or relating to a subsidiary or other business unit in the case of certain spin-off transactions described below), or (viii) consummates a spin-off, pursuant to which the Partnership makes a distribution Pro Rata to all holders of Common Units consisting of Units of any class or series, or similar equity interests of, or relating to, a subsidiary or other business unit, then, (1) in respect of clauses (i) through (iv) above, the Non-Voting Common Units then Outstanding at the time of the Record Date for such distribution or the effective date of any such other transaction shall be proportionately adjusted so that the holder of such Non-Voting Common Units shall be entitled to receive an aggregate number of Non-Voting Common Units (or any Partnership Interests other than Common Units into which such Common Units would have been combined, consolidated, merged or reclassified, as applicable) equal to the number of Common Units that such holder would have been entitled to receive if the Non-Voting Common Units had been converted into Common Units immediately prior to such Record Date or effective date, as the case may be, (2) in respect of clauses (v) through (viii) above, in the reasonable discretion of the Board of Directors, the holders of Non-Voting Common Units shall have the right to participate in such repurchases, issuances, or distributions, and exercise rights with respect to such issuances, as applicable, on the same basis as they would have if such Non-Voting Common Units had been converted into Common Units immediately prior to the Record Date or effective date, as applicable, thereof, and (3) in addition to the foregoing, in the case of a merger, consolidation or business combination in which the Partnership is the surviving Person, the Partnership shall provide effective provisions to ensure that the provisions in this Section 5.9 relating to the Non-Voting Common Units shall not be abridged or amended and that the Non-Voting Common Units shall thereafter retain the same powers, economic rights, preferences and relative participating, optional and other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereon, as the Non-Voting Common Units had immediately prior to such transaction or event, and any other terms of the Non-Voting Common Units that the Board of Directors, in its reasonable discretion, determines require adjustment to achieve the economic equivalence described above shall be proportionately adjusted to take into account any such subdivision, split, combination or reclassification. An adjustment made pursuant to this Section 5.9(b)(v)(E) shall become effective immediately after the Record Date in the case of a distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in 

54

the case of a subdivision, combination, reclassification (including any reclassification in connection with a merger, consolidation or business combination in which the Partnership is the surviving Person) or split. Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever any event described above shall occur. For the avoidance of doubt and without limiting the foregoing, it is intended that a Non-Voting Common Unit shall be economically equivalent to a Common Unit and that the Board of Directors will take any action that it determines is reasonably necessary to preserve such intent.

(F) No Adjustments for Certain Items. Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of this Section 5.9(b)(v), no adjustment shall be made to the Non-Voting Common Units pursuant to Section 5.9(b)(v)(E) as a result of any of the following: 

(1) Any issuance of Partnership Interests in exchange for cash; 

(2) Any grant of Common Units or options, warrants or rights to purchase or receive Common Units or the issuance of Common Units upon the exercise or vesting of any such options, warrants or rights in respect of services provided to or for the benefit of the Partnership or its Subsidiaries, under compensation plans and agreements approved by the Board of Directors (including any long-term incentive plan); 

(3) Any issuance of Common Units as all or part of the consideration to effect (i) the closing of any acquisition by the Partnership of assets or equity interests of a third party in an arms-length transaction, (ii) closing of any acquisition by the Partnership of assets or equity interests of NEE or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or other business combination of the Partnership with another entity in which the Partnership survives and the Common Units remain Outstanding to the extent any such transaction set forth in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above is validly approved by the Board of Directors; or 

(4) The issuance of Common Units upon conversion of Non-Voting Common Units.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, whenever the issuance of a Partnership Interest or other event would require an adjustment to the Non-Voting Common Units under one or more provisions of this Agreement, only one adjustment shall be made to the Non-Voting Common Units in respect of such issuance or event to the extent that applying more than one adjustment would not preserve the economic equivalence between a Common Unit and a Non-Voting Common Unit. 

(G) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5.9(b)(v)(E), unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, no adjustment to the Non-Voting Common Units shall be made with respect to any distribution or other transaction described in Section 5.9(b)(v)(E) if the holders of Non-Voting Common Units are entitled to participate in such distribution or transaction as if 

55

they held a number of Common Units issuable upon conversion of the Non-Voting Common Units immediately prior to such event without having to convert their Non-Voting Common Units. 

(H) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the case of a merger, consolidation, or business combination in which the Common Units are converted into or exchanged for cash or other consideration (including securities), the Board of Directors will take all actions reasonably necessary to ensure that the Non-Voting Common Units will be converted into or exchanged for the cash or other consideration that a holder of Non-Voting Common Units would have been entitled to receive if the Non-Voting Common Units had been converted into Common Units immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger, consolidation, or business combination.

(c) Transfer Assistance. In the event of a transfer of Non-Voting Common Units to any Person, the Partnership will use commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate the conversion of such Non-Voting Common Units in connection with such transfer, including coordinating with the Transfer Agent to facilitate such transfer and to record the transfer and conversion of such Non-Voting Common Units in a manner that permits the sale of the Non-Voting Common Units in market transactions. For the avoidance of doubt, a holder of Non-Voting Common Units may pledge any Non-Voting Common Units in connection with a bona fide loan or other extension of credit entered into by such holder.

ARTICLE VI

DISTRIBUTIONS 

Section 6.1 Distributions to Record Holders. 

(a) Subject to Section 5.8(b)(i), within forty-five (45) days following the end of each Quarter, an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter shall be distributed in accordance with this Article VI by the Partnership to the Partners as of the Record Date selected by the Board of Directors. All distributions required to be made under this Agreement shall be made subject to Sections 17-607 and 17-804 of the Delaware Act. 

(b) The Partnership will first distribute the aggregate Series A Distribution Amount (excluding any portion paid in Series A PIK Units) and then will distribute the remaining Available Cash to all Common Unitholders (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all holders of Non-Voting Common Units in accordance with Section 5.9(b)(i)), Pro Rata. 

(c) Notwithstanding Section 6.1(a), in the event of the dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership, all cash received during or after the Quarter in which the Liquidation Date occurs shall be applied and distributed solely in accordance with, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Section 12.4. 

(d) Each distribution in respect of a Partnership Interest shall be paid by the Partnership, directly or through the Transfer Agent or through any other Person or agent, only to 

56

the Record Holder of such Partnership Interest as of the Record Date set for such distribution. Such payment shall constitute full payment and satisfaction of the Partnerships liability in respect of such payment, regardless of any claim of any Person who may have an interest in such payment by reason of an assignment or otherwise. 

ARTICLE VII

MANAGEMENT AND OPERATION OF BUSINESS 

Section 7.1 Management by Board of Directors. 

(a) Establishment of Board of Directors. Effective as of the date of this Agreement, there is hereby established a committee (the Board or the Board of Directors) composed of seven (7) natural persons (the Directors) having the authority and duties set forth in this Agreement. 

(i) The initial Directors of the Partnership as of the date of this Agreement are the following individuals: James L. Robo (Chairman), Susan Davenport Austin, Mark E. Hickson, John W. Ketchum, Peter H. Kind, Armando Pimentel, Jr. and James N. Suciu. Each of the foregoing initial Directors shall serve a term commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring at 11:59:59 p.m. on December 31, 2017 (or such Directors earlier resignation, retirement, removal from office or death), or such later date as the LP Elected Directors shall have been duly elected and qualified. 

(ii) Each Director shall be entitled to one vote on all matters to be decided by the Board. Any decision to be made by the Board shall require the approval of at least four (4) Directors present and voting at any meeting at which a quorum is present; provided, however, that in the event that the number of Directors then serving on the Board of Directors is fewer than four (4) Directors, the act of the majority of the Directors present and voting at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors; provided, further, that, if the Board of Directors is unable to make a decision with respect to any matter contemplated by Section 7.1(b)(i), Section 7.1(b)(iii), Section 7.1(b)(iv), Section 7.1(b)(vi) or Section 7.1(b)(xiii), the Manager shall be authorized to take any action with respect to such matter that is consistent with the Operating Plan then in effect. No Director acting alone (except as provided in Section 7.1(e)(iii)) or with any other Director or Directors (except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence) shall have the power to act for or on behalf of, or to bind, the Partnership. The Board of Directors shall constitute a committee within the meaning of Section 17-303(b)(7) of the Delaware Act.

(b) Management Generally. In order to enable the Board of Directors to manage the business and affairs of the Partnership, the General Partner hereby delegates to the Board of Directors all management powers over the business and affairs of the Partnership that it may now or hereafter possess under applicable law (other than those powers retained by the General Partner, as set forth in Section 1.2, Section 2.4, Section 3.3(c), Section 7.1(d), Section 7.2, Section 7.7(d), Section 7.10, Section 12.4, Section 13.1(b), Section 13.4(b) and Section 14.4, and other than the General Partners obligations pursuant to Article IX of this 

57

Agreement) as permitted under Section 17-403(c) of the Delaware Act. The General Partner further agrees to take any and all action necessary and appropriate, in the sole discretion of the Board of Directors, to effect any actions duly authorized by the Board of Directors or any officer of the Partnership, including executing or filing any agreements, instruments or certificates, delivering all documents, providing all information and taking or refraining from taking any action as may be necessary or appropriate to achieve all the effective delegation of power described in this Section 7.1. Each of the Partners and each Person who may acquire an interest in a Limited Partner Interest is hereby deemed to have approved, consented to, ratified and confirmed such delegation. The delegation by the General Partner to the Board of Directors of management powers over the business and affairs of the Partnership pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement shall not cause the General Partner to cease to be the general partner of the Partnership, nor shall it cause the Board of Directors or any member thereof to be a general partner of the Partnership or to have or be subject to any liabilities of a general partner of the Partnership that may be applicable. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement (including pursuant to Section 1.2, Section 2.4, Section 3.3(c), Section 7.1(d), Section 7.2, Section 7.7(d), Section 7.10, Section 12.4, Section 13.1(b), Section 13.4(b), Section 14.4 and Article IX of this Agreement), and except as delegated to the Manager Group (as defined in the Management Services Agreement) as set forth in the Management Services Agreement or as otherwise provided therein, the management of the Partnership shall be vested exclusively in the Board of Directors and, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, the Partnerships officers and the Board of Directors shall, subject to Section 7.3, have full power and authority to do all things and on such terms as it determines to be necessary or appropriate to conduct the business of the Partnership, to exercise all powers set forth in Section 2.5 and to effectuate the purposes set forth in Section 2.4, including the following: 

(i) the making of any expenditures, the lending or borrowing of money, the assumption or guarantee of, or other contracting for, indebtedness and other liabilities, the issuance of evidences of indebtedness, including indebtedness that is convertible into or exchangeable for Partnership Interests (subject to Section 5.8(b)(iv) with respect to Series A Senior Securities and Series A Parity Securities), and the incurring of any other obligations; 

(ii) the making of regulatory and other filings (other than tax filings of Group Members, for which the General Partner retains authority pursuant to Article IX), or rendering of periodic or other reports to governmental or other agencies having jurisdiction over the business or assets of the Partnership;

(iii) the acquisition, disposition, mortgage, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or exchange of any or all of the assets of the Partnership or the merger or other combination of the Partnership with or into another Person (the matters described in this clause (iii) being subject, however, to any prior approval that may be required by Section 7.3 and Article XIV); 

(iv) the use of the assets of the Partnership (including cash on hand) for any purpose consistent with the terms of this Agreement, including (A) the financing of the conduct of the operations of the Partnership Group; (B) the Partnerships annual Operating Plan; (C) subject to Section 7.6(a), the lending of funds to other Persons 

58

(including other Group Members); (D) the repayment or guarantee of obligations of any Group Member; and (E) the making of capital contributions to any Group Member; 

(v) the negotiation, authorization and performance of any contracts, conveyances or other instruments (including instruments that limit the liability of the Partnership under contractual arrangements to all or particular assets of the Partnership, with the other party to the contract having no recourse against the General Partner or its assets other than its interest in the Partnership, even if the same results in the terms of the transaction are less favorable to the Partnership than would otherwise be the case); 

(vi) the distribution of cash held by the Partnership; 

(vii) subject to the terms of the Management Services Agreement, the selection and dismissal of employees (including employees having titles such as president, vice president, secretary, and treasurer) and agents, internal and outside attorneys, accountants, consultants and contractors, and the determination of their compensation and other terms of employment or hiring; 

(viii) approval of any agreement or arrangement (or any termination or amendment thereof) between any Partner or its Affiliate (other than a Group Member), on the one hand, and the Partnership or any other Group Member, on the other hand;

(ix) the formation of, or acquisition of an interest in, and the contribution of property and the making of loans to, any further limited or general partnerships, joint ventures, corporations, limited liability companies or other Persons (including the acquisition of interests in, and the contributions of property to, any Group Member from time to time) subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.4; 

(x) the control of any matters affecting the rights and obligations of the Partnership, including the bringing and defending of actions at law or in equity and otherwise engaging in the conduct of litigation, arbitration or mediation and the incurring of legal expense and the settlement of claims and litigation; 

(xi) the indemnification of any Person against liabilities and contingencies to the extent permitted by law;

(xii) the entering into of listing agreements with any National Securities Exchange and the delisting of some or all of the Limited Partner Interests from, or requesting that trading be suspended on, any such exchange (subject to any prior approval that may be required under Section 4.7);

(xiii) subject to Section 5.8(b)(iv) and Article XIV, the purchase, sale or other acquisition or disposition of Partnership Interests, or the issuance of Derivative Partnership Interests; and

(xiv) the undertaking of any action in connection with the Partnerships participation in the management of any Group Member, including (A) the Partnerships authorization and approval, as the sole member of the OpCo General Partner, of any 

59

actions on behalf of the Operating Partnership, and (B) authorizing the officers of the OpCo General Partner to act or approve any matter on behalf of the Operating Partnership, including the declaration and payment of distributions by the Operating Partnership.

(c) Neither the General Partner nor any of the Limited Partners in their capacities as such shall have any part in the management of the Partnership (except, with respect to the General Partner, pursuant to Section 1.2, Section 2.4, Section 3.3(c), Section 7.1(d), Section 7.2, Section 7.7(d), Section 7.10, Section 12.4, Section 13.1(b), Section 13.4(b), Section 14.4 and Article IX of this Agreement) and shall have no authority or right to act on behalf of the Partnership or deal with any third parties on behalf of the Partnership in connection with any matter, except as requested or authorized by the Board of Directors.

(d) Number of Directors; Term of Office. The authorized number of Directors shall be seven (7) Directors. 

(i) Three (3) Directors shall be appointed by the General Partner, in its sole discretion. A Director appointed by the General Partner may sometimes be referred to herein as an XPLR GP Appointed Director. Each XPLR GP Appointed Director shall hold office for the term of which he is appointed and until his successor shall have been duly appointed and qualified or until his earlier resignation, retirement, removal from office or death. The initial XPLR GP Appointed Directors shall take office commencing at 12:00:01 a.m. on January 1, 2018 (or such later date as such XPLR GP Appointed Directors shall have been duly appointed and qualified).

(ii) At each annual meeting of Limited Partners commencing with the annual meeting of Limited Partners held in 2017, the Limited Partners shall elect four (4) Directors. A Director elected by the Limited Partners may sometimes be referred to herein as an LP Elected Director. Each LP Elected Director shall hold office for a term of one (1) year commencing at 12:00:01 a.m. on January 1 (or such later date as such LP Elected Director shall have been duly elected and qualified) of the next succeeding year and extending through 11:59:59 p.m. on December 31 of such year (or such later date as such LP Elected Directors successor shall have been duly elected and qualified). Each LP Elected Director shall hold office for the term of which he is elected and until his successor shall have been elected and qualified or until his earlier resignation, retirement, removal from office or death. No person who shall have attained the age of seventy-two (72) years by the date of election shall be eligible for election as an LP Elected Director; provided, however, that the Board of Directors is authorized, in circumstances it deems appropriate and by unanimous approval of all of the Directors then in office (except the LP Elected Director whose qualification is the subject of the action), to render an LP Elected Director then in office (the Affected Director) eligible for election as an LP Elected Director until either the date of election next following the Affected Directors seventy-third (73rd) birthday or the date of election next following the Affected Directors seventy-fourth (74th) birthday. 

(iii) Candidates for election to the Board of Directors as LP Elected Directors shall be designated by the Partnerships Chief Executive Officer, subject to the 

60

approval of the Board of Directors; provided, however, that, if the Board of Directors fails to approve one or more of the nominees proposed by the Partnerships Chief Executive Officer, after the Partnerships Chief Executive Officer shall have had a reasonable opportunity to present to, and discuss with, the Board of Directors his proposed nominees (and any alternative candidates), then (A) any such nominee shall nevertheless be included in the proxy statement for the next annual meeting of Limited Partners and (B) the LP Elected Directors, by a majority vote of the LP Elected Directors then in office, shall be entitled to include in the proxy statement for the next annual meeting of Limited Partners a corresponding number of its own nominees for election to the Board of Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Limited Partners shall be entitled to include in the Partnerships proxy statement nominees for election to the Board of Directors as LP Elected Directors in accordance with Article XV, subject to compliance with the terms thereof.

(iv) Any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors shall be filled only by a majority vote of the Directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining Director, and each Director so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at 11:59:59 p.m. on December 31 of the year in which the vacancy is filled; provided that, if at any time a vacancy is created on the Board of Directors by reason of the death, removal or resignation of any XPLR GP Appointed Director, then only the General Partner shall be entitled (in its sole discretion) to designate a replacement for such Director.

(v) An LP Elected Director may be removed from the Board of Directors (A) by a majority vote of the entire Board of Directors, but only for Cause; or (B) by Limited Partners at a special meeting at which the notice of meeting properly includes the removal of LP Elected Directors for Cause in accordance with Section 13.4; provided that a quorum is present and the required vote of Limited Partners is obtained in accordance with Section 13.9(c). An XPLR GP Appointed Director may be removed from the Board of Directors only by the General Partner, with or without Cause. 

(e) Meetings of the Board. Regular and special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such times and places (either within or outside the State of Delaware) as may be determined by the Board of Directors. Notice of the time and place of any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be given to each Director either by personal delivery, e-mail, facsimile, reputable overnight delivery service, telegram, cablegram or by telephone at least two (2) days prior to the meeting. Notice may also be given through the postal service if mailed at least five (5) days prior to the meeting. 

(i) Notice of a meeting of the Board of Directors need not be given to any Director who signs a waiver of notice either before or after the meeting. Attendance of a Director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting and a waiver of any and all objections to the place of the meeting, the time of the meeting or the manner in which it has been called or convened, except when a Director states, at the beginning of the meeting, any objection to the transaction of business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

61

(ii) Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting.

(iii) Four (4) Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business; provided, however, that, whenever, for any reason, vacancies occur in the Board of Directors that reduce the number of Directors then serving on the Board of Directors to fewer than four (4) Directors, a quorum shall consist of a majority of the remaining Directors then in office, solely for the purpose of filling such vacancies pursuant to Section 7.1(d)(iv). 

(iv) A majority of the Directors present at a meeting of the Board of Directors, whether or not a quorum exists, may adjourn such meeting to another time and place. Notice of any such adjourned meeting shall be given to the Directors who were not present at the time of the adjournment and, unless the time and place of the adjourned meeting are announced at the time of adjournment, to the other Directors. 

(v) Meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership or by any three (3) Directors. Regular meetings of committees shall be held on the schedule approved by the Board of Directors. Special meetings of committees may be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the chairman of such committee or any three (3) members of such committee.

(vi) Members of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting of Directors by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation by such means shall constitute presence in person at a meeting.

(vii) Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, or if such position is vacant or such person is absent, by the Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership. If neither the Chairman of the Board nor the Chief Executive Officer is present, the Directors shall elect a chairman for the meeting from one of their members present. 

(viii) Any action required to be taken at a meeting of the Directors, or any action that may be taken at a meeting of the Directors or a committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so to be taken, signed by such number of Directors as would be required to approve such matter if a meeting of Directors were held, is filed in the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors or of the committee. Such consent shall have the same effect as a unanimous vote.

(f) Compensation of the Directors. Directors, as such, shall not receive any stated salary for their services, but shall receive such compensation for their services as may be from time to time agreed upon by the Board of Directors. In addition, a fixed sum and reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses of attendance, if any, may be allowed for attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors; provided that nothing contained in 

62

this Agreement shall be construed to preclude any Director (including the Chief Executive Officer) from serving the Partnership or any of its Subsidiaries in any other capacity and receiving compensation for such service. 

(g) Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership, unless the Board of Directors designates another individual to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors. At any time, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if any, may be removed from his position as Chairman by the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, in his capacity as such, shall not have any of the rights or powers of an officer of the Partnership, unless he, in his capacity as Chairman of the Board of Directors, is appointed as an officer of the Partnership. The Chairman shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and at all meetings of the Partners at which he is present. 

(h) Committees of the Board. The Board of Directors may, by resolution, designate from among the Directors one or more committees (which shall include the Audit Committee and the Conflicts Committee), each of which shall be composed of one or more Directors, and may designate one or more of the Directors as alternate members of any committee, who may, subject to any limitations imposed by the Board of Directors, replace absent or disqualified Directors at any meeting of that committee. Any such committee, to the extent provided in such resolution, shall have and may exercise all of the authority of the Board of Directors, subject to the limitations set forth in the Delaware Act, if any, or in the establishment of the committee. Any member of any such committee may be removed from such committee by the Board of Directors. Unless the resolution designating a particular committee or this Agreement expressly so provides, a committee of the Board of Directors shall not have the authority to authorize or make a distribution to the Limited Partners or to authorize the issuance of Limited Partner Interests. Any committee of the Board of Directors shall constitute a committee within the meaning of Section 17-303(b)(7) of the Delaware Act. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the delegation to any committee of the Board of Directors of any management powers over the business and affairs of the Partnership pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement shall not cause the General Partner to cease to be a general partner of the Partnership nor shall it cause such committee of the Board of Directors or any member thereof to be a general partner of the Partnership or to have or be subject to any liabilities of a general partner of the Partnership that may be applicable. The initial members of the Audit Committee as of the date of this Agreement are James N. Suciu (Chairman), Susan Davenport Austin and Peter H. Kind. The initial members of the Conflicts Committee as of the date of this Agreement are Peter H. Kind (Chairman), Susan Davenport Austin and James N. Suciu.

(i) Officers and Agents. Officers, employees, agents and consultants of the Partnership shall be appointed, retained, terminated and replaced by the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion; provided, however, that, for so long as NextEra Energy Management Partners, LP (or another Affiliate of NEE) serves as Manager under the Management Services Agreement (or any successor agreement), such officers, employees, agents and consultants of the Partnership shall be appointed, retained, terminated and replaced by the Board of Directors, subject to and in accordance with the designations of the Manager pursuant to the Management Services Agreement. Each such officer, employee, agent and consultant shall have the power, acting individually or jointly, to affix the signature of the Partnership to all deeds, conveyances, 

63

mortgages, leases, obligations, bonds, certificates and other papers and instruments in writing that have been authorized by the Board of Directors, enter into contracts on behalf of the Partnership and otherwise represent and bind the Partnership in all matters, in each case, in accordance with the scope of their respective duties. 

Section 7.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership. The General Partner has caused the Certificate of Limited Partnership to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as required by the Delaware Act. The Board of Directors shall use all reasonable efforts to cause to be filed such other certificates or documents that the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or appropriate for the formation, continuation, qualification and operation of a limited partnership (or a partnership in which the limited partners have limited liability) in the State of Delaware or any other state in which the Partnership may elect to do business or own property. To the extent the General Partner or the Board of Directors determines such action to be necessary or appropriate, the General Partner or the Partnership shall file amendments to and restatements of the Certificate of Limited Partnership and do all things to maintain the Partnership as a limited partnership (or a partnership or other entity in which the limited partners have limited liability) under the laws of the State of Delaware or of any other state in which the Partnership may elect to do business or own property. Subject to the terms of Section 3.3(a), neither the Partnership nor the General Partner shall be required, before or after filing, to deliver or mail a copy of the Certificate of Limited Partnership, any qualification document or any amendment thereto to any Limited Partner. 

Section 7.3 Restrictions on the Partnerships Authority to Sell Assets of the Partnership Group. 

Except as provided in Article XII and Article XIV, the Partnership may not sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership Group, taken as a whole, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions without the consent of the General Partner, which consent may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion, and the approval of (a) at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units (including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units and all Units owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates), voting as a separate class, and (b) at least a majority of (i) the Outstanding Special Voting Units and (ii) the Outstanding Common Units (including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units) owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates, voting together as a single class; provided, however, that this provision shall not preclude or limit the Partnerships ability to mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or grant a security interest in all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership Group and shall not apply to any forced sale of any or all of the assets of the Partnership Group pursuant to the foreclosure of, or other realization upon, any such encumbrance. 

Section 7.4 Reimbursement of the General Partner. 

(a) Except as provided in the Management Services Agreement and elsewhere in this Agreement, the General Partner shall not be compensated for its services as a general partner or managing member of any Group Member. 

64

(b) Subject to the Management Services Agreement, and without duplication, the General Partner and its Affiliates shall be reimbursed on a monthly basis, or such other basis as the General Partner may determine, for (i) all direct and indirect expenses it incurs or payments it makes on behalf of the Partnership Group and (ii) all other expenses allocable to the Partnership Group or otherwise incurred by the General Partner or its Affiliates in connection with its service as General Partner of the Partnership (including expenses allocated to the General Partner by its Affiliates). The General Partner shall determine the expenses that are allocable to the Partnership Group. Reimbursements pursuant to this Section 7.4 shall be in addition to any reimbursement to the General Partner as a result of indemnification pursuant to Section 7.7. This provision does not affect the ability of the General Partner and its Affiliates to enter into an agreement to provide services to any Group Member for a fee or otherwise than for cost.

(c) The Board of Directors, without the approval of the Limited Partners (who shall have no right to vote in respect thereof), may propose and adopt on behalf of the Partnership employee benefit plans, employee programs and employee practices (including plans, programs and practices involving the issuance of Partnership Interests or options to purchase or rights, warrants or appreciation rights or phantom or tracking interests relating to Partnership Interests), or cause the Partnership to issue Partnership Interests in connection with, or pursuant to, any employee benefit plan, employee program or employee practice maintained or sponsored by the Partnership or any of its Affiliates in each case for the benefit of officers, employees and directors of the Partnership or any of its Affiliates, in respect of services performed, directly or indirectly, for the benefit of the Partnership Group. The Partnership agrees to issue and sell to any of its Affiliates any Partnership Interests that the Partnership or such Affiliates are obligated to provide to any officers, employees, consultants and directors pursuant to any such employee benefit plans, employee programs or employee practices. Expenses incurred by the General Partner, if any, in connection with any such plans, programs and practices (including the net cost to the General Partner or such Affiliates of Partnership Interests purchased by the General Partner or such Affiliates from the Partnership to fulfill options or awards under such plans, programs and practices) shall be reimbursed in accordance with Section 7.4(b). Any and all obligations of the General Partner under any employee benefit plans, employee programs or employee practices adopted by the General Partner as permitted by this Section 7.4(c) shall constitute obligations of the General Partner hereunder and shall be assumed by any successor General Partner approved pursuant to Section 11.1 or Section 11.2 or the transferee of or successor to all of the General Partners General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6.

65

Section 7.5 Outside Activities. 

(a) The General Partner, for so long as it is the General Partner of the Partnership, (i) agrees that its sole business will be to act as a general partner or managing member, as the case may be, of the Partnership and any other partnership or limited liability company of which the Partnership is, directly or indirectly, a partner or member and to undertake activities that are ancillary or related thereto (including being a Limited Partner in the Partnership) and (ii) shall not engage in any business or activity or incur any debts or liabilities except in connection with or incidental to (A) its performance as general partner or managing member, if any, of one or more Group Members or as described in the Partnerships public filings with the Commission or (B) the acquiring, owning or disposing of debt securities or equity interests in any Group Member.

(b) Subject to the terms of Section 7.5(c), the Right of First Offer Agreement and the Right of First Refusal Agreement, each Unrestricted Person (other than the General Partner) shall have the right to engage in businesses of every type and description and other activities for profit and to engage in and possess an interest in other business ventures of any and every type or description, whether in businesses engaged in or anticipated to be engaged in by any Group Member, independently or with others, including business interests and activities in direct competition with the business and activities of any Group Member, and none of the same shall constitute a breach of this Agreement or any duty otherwise existing at law, in equity or otherwise, to any Group Member or any Partner; provided such Unrestricted Person does not engage in such business or activity using confidential or proprietary information provided by or on behalf of the Partnership to such Unrestricted Person. None of any Group Member, any Limited Partner or any other Person shall have any rights by virtue of this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement or the partnership relationship established hereby in any business ventures of any Unrestricted Person. 

(c) Subject to the terms of Section 7.5(a) and Section 7.5(b), the Right of First Offer Agreement and the Right of First Refusal Agreement, but otherwise notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) the engaging in competitive activities by any Unrestricted Person (other than the General Partner) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.5 is hereby approved by the Partnership and all Partners, (ii) it shall be deemed not to be a breach of any duty otherwise existing at law, in equity or otherwise, of the General Partner or any other Unrestricted Person for the Unrestricted Persons (other than the General Partner) to engage in such business interests and activities in preference to or to the exclusion of the Partnership and (iii) the Unrestricted Persons shall have no obligation hereunder or as a result of any duty otherwise existing at law, in equity or otherwise, to present business opportunities to the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine, shall not apply to any Unrestricted Person (including the General Partner). No Unrestricted Person (including the General Partner) who acquires knowledge of a potential transaction, agreement, arrangement or other matter that may be an opportunity for the Partnership shall have any duty to communicate or offer such opportunity to the Partnership, and such Unrestricted Person (including the General Partner) shall not be liable to the Partnership, to any Limited Partner or any other Person bound by this Agreement for breach of any duty otherwise existing at law, in equity or otherwise, by reason of the fact that such Unrestricted Person (including the General Partner) pursues or acquires for 

66

itself, directs such opportunity to another Person or does not communicate such opportunity or information to the Partnership, provided such Unrestricted Person does not engage in such business or activity using confidential or proprietary information provided by or on behalf of the Partnership to such Unrestricted Person. 

(d) The General Partner and each of its Affiliates may acquire Units or other Partnership Interests and, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, shall be entitled to exercise, at their option and in their sole discretion, all rights relating to all Units or other Partnership Interests acquired by them. The term Affiliates when used in this Section 7.5(d) with respect to the General Partner shall not include any Group Member. 

Section 7.6 Loans from the General Partner; Loans or Contributions from the Partnership or Group Members. 

(a) The General Partner or any of its Affiliates (other than the Partnership) may, but has no obligation to, lend to any Group Member (including, subject to the consent of the Board of Directors, the Partnership), and any Group Member (including, subject to the consent of the Board of Directors, the Partnership) may borrow from the General Partner or any of its Affiliates (other than the Partnership), funds needed or desired by the Group Member for such periods of time and in such amounts as the General Partner (and, if the Partnership is the borrowing party, the Board of Directors) may determine; provided, however, that in any such case the lending party may charge the borrowing party interest at prevailing rates (including prevailing origination fees) that would be charged or imposed on the borrowing party by unrelated lenders on comparable loans made on an arms-length basis (without reference to the lending partys financial abilities or guarantees), all as determined by the General Partner (and, if the Partnership is the borrowing party, the Board of Directors). The borrowing party shall reimburse the lending party for any costs (other than any additional interest costs) incurred by the lending party in connection with the borrowing of such funds. For purposes of this Section 7.6(a) and Section 7.6(b), the term Group Member shall include any Affiliate of a Group Member that is controlled by the Group Member. 

(b) The Partnership may lend or contribute to any Group Member, and any Group Member may borrow from the Partnership, funds on terms and conditions determined by the Board of Directors. No Group Member may lend funds to the General Partner or any of its Affiliates (other than another Group Member); provided, however, that Cash Sweep Withdrawals shall not be subject to this Section 7.6(b). 

(c) No borrowing by any Group Member or the approval thereof by the Board of Directors shall be deemed to constitute a breach of any duty or any other obligation of any type whatsoever, expressed or implied, of the Board of Directors to the Partnership or the Limited Partners existing hereunder, or existing at law, in equity or otherwise by reason of the fact that the purpose or effect of such borrowing is directly or indirectly to enable distributions to the General Partner or its Affiliates (including in their capacities as Limited Partners) to exceed the General Partners or its Affiliates Percentage Interest of the total amount distributed to all Limited Partners. 

67

Section 7.7 Indemnification. 

(a) To the fullest extent permitted by law but subject to the limitations expressly provided in this Agreement, all Indemnitees shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Partnership from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts arising from any and all threatened, pending or completed claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and whether formal or informal and including appeals, in which any Indemnitee may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, by reason of its status as an Indemnitee and acting (or omitting or refraining to act) in such capacity on behalf of or for the benefit of the Partnership; provided that the Indemnitee shall not be indemnified and held harmless pursuant to this Agreement if there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter for which the Indemnitee is seeking indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, the Indemnitee acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud, willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that the Indemnitees conduct was unlawful; provided, further, that no indemnification pursuant to this Section 7.7 shall be available to any Indemnitee (other than a Group Member or a Director) with respect to any such Affiliates obligations pursuant to the Transaction Documents. Any indemnification pursuant to this Section 7.7 shall be made only out of the assets of the Partnership, it being agreed that the General Partner shall not be personally liable for such indemnification and shall have no obligation to contribute or loan any monies or property to the Partnership to enable it to effectuate such indemnification. 

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by law, expenses (including legal fees and expenses) incurred by an Indemnitee who is indemnified pursuant to Section 7.7(a) in defending any claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding shall, from time to time, be advanced by the Partnership prior to a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter for which the Indemnitee is seeking indemnification pursuant to this Section 7.7, the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified upon receipt by the Partnership of any undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnitee to repay such amount if it shall be ultimately determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized by this Section 7.7. 

(c) The indemnification provided by this Section 7.7 shall be in addition to any other rights to which an Indemnitee may be entitled under this Agreement, any other agreement, including the Management Services Agreement, pursuant to any vote of the holders of Outstanding Limited Partner Interests, as a matter of law, in equity or otherwise, both as to actions in the Indemnitees capacity as an Indemnitee and as to actions in any other capacity, and shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to serve in such capacity and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, successors, assigns and administrators of the Indemnitee. 

(d) The Partnership may purchase and maintain (or reimburse the General Partner or its Affiliates for the cost of) insurance, on behalf of the General Partner, its Affiliates and such other Persons as the General Partner shall determine, against any liability that may be asserted against, or expense that may be incurred by, such Person in connection with the Partnerships activities or such Persons activities on behalf of the Partnership, regardless of 

68

whether the Partnership would have the power to indemnify such Person against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement. 

(e) For purposes of this Section 7.7: (i) the Partnership shall be deemed to have requested an Indemnitee to serve as fiduciary of an employee benefit plan whenever the performance by it of its duties to the Partnership also imposes duties on, or otherwise involves services by, it to the plan or participants or beneficiaries of the plan; (ii) excise taxes assessed on an Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan pursuant to applicable law shall constitute fines within the meaning of Section 7.7(a); and (iii) action taken or omitted by it with respect to any employee benefit plan in the performance of its duties for a purpose reasonably believed by it to be in the best interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the plan shall be deemed to be for a purpose that is in the best interests of the Partnership. 

(f) In no event may an Indemnitee subject the Limited Partners to personal liability by reason of the indemnification provisions set forth in this Agreement. 

(g) An Indemnitee shall not be denied indemnification in whole or in part under this Section 7.7 because the Indemnitee had an interest in the transaction with respect to which the indemnification applies if the transaction was otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement. 

(h) The provisions of this Section 7.7 are for the benefit of the Indemnitees and their heirs, successors, assigns, executors and administrators and shall not be deemed to create any rights for the benefit of any other Persons. 

(i) No amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 7.7 or any provision hereof shall in any manner terminate, reduce or impair the right of any past, present or future Indemnitee to be indemnified by the Partnership, nor the obligations of the Partnership to indemnify any such Indemnitee under and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.7 as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to claims arising from or relating to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when such claims may arise or be asserted. 

Section 7.8 Liability of Indemnitees. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, no Indemnitee shall be liable for monetary damages to the Partnership, the Limited Partners or any other Persons who have acquired interests in the Partnership Interests for losses sustained or liabilities incurred as a result of any act or omission of an Indemnitee unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter in question, the Indemnitee acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud, willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that the Indemnitees conduct was criminal. 

(b) Each of the General Partner and the Board of Directors may exercise any of the powers granted to it by this Agreement and perform any of the duties imposed upon it hereunder either directly or by or through its employees or agents, and neither the General Partner nor the Board of Directors shall be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the 

69

part of any such employee or agent appointed in good faith by the General Partner or the Board of Directors. 

(c) To the extent that, at law or in equity, an Indemnitee has duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Partnership or to the Partners, the General Partner and any other Indemnitee acting in connection with the Partnerships business or affairs shall not be liable to the Partnership or to any Partner for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement. 

(d) Any amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 7.8 or any provision hereof shall be prospective only and shall not in any way affect the limitations on the liability of the Indemnitees under this Section 7.8 as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to claims arising from or relating to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when such claims may arise or be asserted. 

Section 7.9 Resolution of Conflicts of Interest; Standards of Conduct and Modification of Duties. 

(a) Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or any Group Member Agreement, whenever a potential conflict of interest exists or arises between the General Partner or any of its Affiliates or any Director, on the one hand, and the Partnership, any Group Member or any Partner, on the other, any resolution or course of action by the General Partner or its Affiliates or the Board of Directors in respect of such conflict of interest shall be permitted and deemed approved by all Partners, and shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement, of any Group Member Agreement, of any agreement contemplated herein or therein or of any duty stated or implied by law or equity, if the resolution or course of action in respect of such conflict of interest is (i) approved by Special Approval, (ii) approved by the vote of a majority of the Outstanding Common Units (excluding all Non-Voting Common Units and excluding, if the conflict involves the General partner or any of its Affiliates, Common Units and Special Voting Units owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates, but including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A)), (iii) determined by the Board of Directors to be on terms no less favorable to the Partnership than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or (iv) determined by the Board of Directors to be fair and reasonable to the Partnership, taking into account the totality of the relationships between the parties involved (including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to the Partnership). The Board of Directors shall be authorized but not required in connection with the resolution of such conflict of interest to seek Special Approval or Unitholder approval of such resolution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner, for itself and its Affiliates, and the Board of Directors, for any Group Member, may also each adopt a resolution or course of action that has not received Special Approval or Unitholder approval. Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or any Group Member Agreement, whenever the Board of Directors makes a determination to refer or not to refer any potential conflict of interest to the Conflicts Committee for Special Approval, or whenever the General Partner, for itself and its Affiliates, or the Board of Directors, as applicable, determines to seek or not to seek Unitholder approval, the General Partner or the Board of Directors, as applicable, shall be entitled, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to make such determination or to take or decline to take such 

70

other action free of any duty or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership or any Limited Partner, and the General Partner or the Board of Directors, as applicable, shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity, and the General Partner or the Board of Directors, as applicable, in making such determination or taking or declining to take such other action shall be permitted to do so in its sole and absolute discretion. If Special Approval is sought, then it shall be presumed that, in making its decision, the Conflicts Committee acted in good faith, and if the Board of Directors determines that the resolution or course of action taken with respect to a conflict of interest satisfies either of the standards set forth in clauses (iii) or (iv) above, then it shall be presumed that, in making its decision, the Board of Directors acted in good faith. In any proceeding brought by any Limited Partner or by or on behalf of such Limited Partner or any other Limited Partner or the Partnership challenging any action by the Conflicts Committee with respect to any matter referred to the Conflicts Committee for Special Approval by the Board of Directors, any action by the Board of Directors in determining whether the resolution or course of action taken with respect to a conflict of interest satisfies either of the standards set forth in clauses (iii) or (iv) above, the Person bringing or prosecuting such proceeding shall have the burden of overcoming the presumption that the Conflicts Committee or the Board of Directors, as applicable, acted in good faith; in all cases subject to the provisions for conclusive determination in Section 7.9(b). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any duty otherwise existing at law or equity, the existence of the conflicts of interest described in the IPO Registration Statement are hereby approved by all Partners and shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement.

(b) Whenever the General Partner or the Board of Directors, or any Director or any committee of the Board of Directors (including the Conflicts Committee), makes a determination or takes or declines to take any other action, or any Affiliate of the General Partner causes the General Partner to do so, in its capacity as the general partner of the Partnership as opposed to in its individual capacity, whether under this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement or any other agreement, then, unless another express standard is provided for in this Agreement, the General Partner, the Board of Directors or such Director or such committee or such Affiliates causing the General Partner to do so, shall make such determination or take or decline to take such other action in good faith and shall not be subject to any other or different standards (including fiduciary standards) imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity. A determination or other action or inaction will conclusively be deemed to be in good faith for all purposes of this Agreement, if the Person or Persons making such determination or taking or declining to take such other action subjectively believe that the determination or other action or inaction is in the best interests of the Partnership Group; provided that, if the Board of Directors is making a determination or taking or declining to take an action pursuant to clause (iii) or clause (iv) of the first sentence of Section 7.9(a), then in lieu thereof, such determination or other action or inaction will conclusively be deemed to be in good faith for all purposes of this Agreement if the members of the Board of Directors making such determination or taking or declining to take such other action subjectively believe that the determination or other action or inaction meets the standard set forth in clause (iii) or clause (iv) of the first sentence of Section 7.9(a), as applicable.

71

(c) Whenever the General Partner makes a determination or takes or declines to take any other action, or any of its Affiliates causes it to do so, in its individual capacity as opposed to in its capacity as the general partner of the Partnership, whether under this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement or any other agreement contemplated hereby or otherwise, then the General Partner, or such Affiliates causing it to do so, are entitled, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to make such determination or to take or decline to take such other action free of any duty or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership or any Limited Partner, and the General Partner, or such Affiliates causing it to do so, shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity, and the Person or Persons making such determination or taking or declining to take such other action shall be permitted to do so in their sole and absolute discretion. By way of illustration and not of limitation, whenever the phrase, the General Partner at its option, or some variation of that phrase, is used in this Agreement, it indicates that the General Partner is acting in its individual capacity. For the avoidance of doubt, whenever the General Partner votes or transfers its Partnership Interests, or refrains from voting or transferring its Partnership Interests, it shall be acting in its individual capacity. 

(d) The General Partners organizational documents may provide that determinations to take or decline to take any action in its individual, rather than representative, capacity may or shall be determined by its members, if the General Partner is a limited liability company, by its stockholders, if the General Partner is a corporation, or by the members or stockholders of the General Partners general partner, if the General Partner is a partnership. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) the Board of Directors and the General Partner and its Affiliates shall have no duty or obligation, express or implied, to sell or otherwise dispose of any asset of the Partnership Group other than in the ordinary course of business and (ii) the General Partner and its Affiliates shall have no duty or obligation, express or implied, to permit any Group Member to use any facilities or assets of the General Partner and its Affiliates, except, in each case, as may be provided in contracts entered into from time to time specifically dealing with such use. Any determination by the Board of Directors or the General Partner or any of its Affiliates to enter into such contracts shall be at its option. 

(f) Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement or required by the Delaware Act, neither the General Partner, nor any Director, nor any other Indemnitee shall have any duties or liabilities, including fiduciary duties, to the Partnership or any Limited Partner, and the provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict, eliminate or otherwise modify the duties and liabilities, including fiduciary duties, of the General Partner, Directors or any other Indemnitee otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed by the Partners to replace such other duties and liabilities of the General Partner or such other Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall eliminate or limit (i) the express contractual provisions set forth herein or (ii) the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing.

(g) The Unitholders shall be deemed to have authorized the General Partner, on behalf of the Partnership as a general partner or managing member of a Group Member, to 

72

approve actions by the general partner or managing member of such Group Member similar to those actions permitted to be taken by the General Partner pursuant to this Section 7.9. 

Section 7.10 Certain Additional Matters Requiring Consent of the General Partner. In addition to the General Partners powers pursuant to Article IX and in addition to any other powers held by, or actions ascribed to, the General Partner under this Agreement or the Delaware Act, the General Partners consent, which may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion, shall be required for (a) the merger, consolidation or conversion of any Group Member; (b) the dissolution of any Group Member; (c) any amendment of the OpCo Partnership Agreement; and (d) any direct or indirect transfer of all or any portion of the general partner interest in the Operating Partnership to any Person.

Section 7.11 Purchase or Sale of Partnership Interests. The Board of Directors may cause the Partnership to purchase or otherwise acquire Partnership Interests or Derivative Partnership Interests. As long as Partnership Interests are held by any Group Member, such Partnership Interests shall not be considered Outstanding for any purpose, except as otherwise provided herein. The General Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner may also purchase or otherwise acquire and sell or otherwise dispose of Partnership Interests for its own account, subject to the provisions of Articles IV and X. 

Section 7.12 Reliance.

(a) Reliance on Information.

(i) The General Partner, the Board of Directors and any other Indemnitee may rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. 

(ii) The General Partner, the Board of Directors and any other Indemnitee may consult with legal counsel, accountants, appraisers, management consultants, investment bankers and other consultants and advisers selected by it, and any act taken or omitted to be taken in reliance upon the advice or opinion (including an Opinion of Counsel) of such Persons as to matters that the General Partner, the Board of Directors or such Indemnitee, respectively, reasonably believes to be within such Persons professional or expert competence shall be conclusively presumed to have been done or omitted in good faith and in accordance with such advice or opinion. 

(iii) The General Partner shall have the right, in respect of any of its powers or obligations hereunder, to act through any of its duly authorized officers, a duly appointed attorney or attorneys-in-fact or the duly authorized officers of the Partnership or any Group Member; provided, however, that officers of the General Partner shall be entitled to act on behalf of and to bind the Partnership only in such matters as the General Partner is authorized to act pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

(b) Reliance by Third Parties. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Person dealing with the Partnership shall be entitled to assume that the 

73

Board of Directors, the General Partner and any officer authorized by the Board of Directors or General Partner to act on behalf of and in the name of the Partnership has full power and authority to encumber, sell or otherwise use in any manner any and all assets of the Partnership and to enter into any authorized contracts on behalf of the Partnership, and such Person shall be entitled to deal with the Board of Directors, the General Partner or any such officer as if it were the Partnerships sole party in interest, both legally and beneficially. Each Limited Partner hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all defenses or other remedies that may be available against such Person to contest, negate or disaffirm any action of the Board of Directors, the General Partner or any such officer in connection with any such dealing. In no event shall any Person dealing with the Board of Directors, the General Partner or any such officer or their representatives be obligated to ascertain that the terms of this Agreement have been complied with or to inquire into the necessity or expedience of any act or action of the Board of Directors, the General Partner or any such officer or their representatives. Each and every certificate, document or other instrument executed on behalf of the Partnership by the Board of Directors, the General Partner or their officers or representatives shall be conclusive evidence in favor of any and every Persons relying thereon or claiming thereunder that (i) at the time of the execution and delivery of such certificate, document or instrument, this Agreement was in full force and effect, (ii) the Person executing and delivering such certificate, document or instrument was duly authorized and empowered to do so for and on behalf of the Partnership and (iii) such certificate, document or instrument was duly executed and delivered in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement and is binding upon the Partnership. 

ARTICLE VIII

BOOKS, RECORDS, ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS 

Section 8.1 Records and Accounting. The Partnership shall keep or cause to be kept at the principal office of the Partnership appropriate books and records with respect to the Partnerships business, including the Register and all other books and records necessary to provide to the Limited Partners any information required to be provided pursuant to Section 3.3(a). Any books and records maintained by or on behalf of the Partnership in the regular course of its business, including the Register, books of account and records of Partnership proceedings, may be kept on, or be in the form of, computer disks, hard drives, punch cards, magnetic tape, photographs, micrographics or any other information storage device; provided, that the books and records so maintained are convertible into clearly legible written form within a reasonable period of time. The books of the Partnership shall be maintained, for financial reporting purposes, on an accrual basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Partnership shall not be required to keep books maintained on a cash basis and the Board of Directors shall be permitted to calculate cash-based measures by making such adjustments to its accrual basis books to account for non-cash items and other adjustments as the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or appropriate. 

Section 8.2 Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Partnership shall be a fiscal year ending December 31. 

74

Section 8.3 Reports. 

(a) Whether or not the Partnership is subject to the requirement to file reports with the Commission, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 105 days after the close of each fiscal year of the Partnership (or such shorter period as required by the Commission), the Partnership shall mail or make available, by any reasonable means (including posting on or accessible through the Partnerships or the Commissions website) to each Record Holder of a Unit as of a date selected by the Board of Directors, an annual report containing financial statements of the Partnership for such fiscal year of the Partnership, presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including a balance sheet and statements of operations, Partnership equity and cash flows, such statements to be audited by a firm of independent public accountants selected by the Board of Directors, and such other information as may be required by applicable law, regulation or rule of the Commission or any National Securities Exchange on which the Units are listed or admitted to trading, or as the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or appropriate. 

(b) Whether or not the Partnership is subject to the requirement to file reports with the Commission, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 50 days after the close of each Quarter (or such shorter period as required by the Commission) except the last Quarter of each fiscal year, the Partnership shall mail or make available, by any reasonable means (including posting on or accessible through the Partnerships or the Commissions website) to each Record Holder of a Unit, as of a date selected by the Board of Directors, a report containing unaudited financial statements of the Partnership and such other information as may be required by applicable law, regulation or rule of the Commission or any National Securities Exchange on which the Units are listed or admitted to trading, or as the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or appropriate. 

ARTICLE IX

TAX MATTERS 

Section 9.1 Tax Characterizations, Elections and Information

(a) The Partnership is authorized and has elected to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

(b) The General Partner shall determine whether the Partnership shall make any other tax elections permitted by the Code or state, local or foreign tax law. The General Partner shall have exclusive authority for the making of tax filings, or rendering of periodic or other tax reports to governmental or other agencies having jurisdiction over the business or assets of the Partnership.

(c) The tax information reasonably required by Record Holders for U.S. federal income tax reporting purposes shall be furnished to Record Holders on or before the date required under the Code and Treasury Regulations thereunder.

Section 9.2 Withholding. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner is authorized to take any action that may be required to cause the Partnership and other Group Members to comply with any withholding requirements established under the Code 

75

or any other federal, state or local law including pursuant to Sections 1441, 1442, 1445, 1471 and 1472 of the Code, or established under any foreign law. To the extent that the Partnership is required or elects to withhold and pay over to any taxing authority any amount resulting from the allocation or distribution of income to any Partner, the General Partner may treat the amount withheld as a distribution of cash pursuant to Section 6.1 in the amount of such withholding from such Partner.

ARTICLE X

ADMISSION OF PARTNERS 

Section 10.1 Admission of Limited Partners. 

(a) By acceptance of any Limited Partner Interests transferred in accordance with Article IV or acceptance of any Limited Partner Interests issued pursuant to Article V or pursuant to a merger, consolidation or conversion pursuant to Article XIV, each transferee of, or other such Person acquiring, a Limited Partner Interest (including any nominee, agent or representative acquiring such Limited Partner Interests for the account of another Person or Group, which nominee, agent or representative shall be subject to Section 10.1(b) below) (i) shall be admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner with respect to the Limited Partner Interests so transferred or issued to such Person when such Person becomes the Record Holder of the Limited Partner Interests so transferred or acquired, (ii) shall become bound, and shall be deemed to have agreed to be bound, by the terms of this Agreement, (iii) shall be deemed to represent that the transferee or acquirer has the capacity, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and (iv) shall be deemed to make any consents, acknowledgements or waivers contained in this Agreement, all with or without execution of this Agreement by such Person. The transfer of any Limited Partner Interests and the admission of any new Limited Partner shall not constitute an amendment to this Agreement. A Person may become a Limited Partner without the consent or approval of any of the Partners. A Person may not become a Limited Partner without acquiring a Limited Partner Interest and becoming the Record Holder of such Limited Partner Interest. 

(b) With respect to Units that are held for a Persons account by another Person that is the Record Holder (such as a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation, or an agent of any of the foregoing), such Record Holder shall, in exercising the rights of a Limited Partner in respect of such Units, including the right to vote on any matter, and unless the arrangement between such Persons provides otherwise, take all action as a Limited Partner by virtue of being the Record Holder of such Units in accordance with the direction of the Person who is the beneficial owner of such Units, and the Partnership shall be entitled to assume such Record Holder is so acting without further inquiry. The provisions of this Section 10.1(b) are subject to the provisions of Section 4.3. 

(c) The name and mailing address of each Record Holder shall be listed in the Register. The Partnership shall update the Register from time to time as necessary to reflect accurately the information therein (or shall cause the Transfer Agent to do so, as applicable). 

76

(d) Any transfer of a Limited Partner Interest shall not entitle the transferee to share in the profits and losses, to receive distributions, to receive allocations of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit or any similar item or to any other rights to which the transferor was entitled until the transferee becomes a Limited Partner pursuant to Section 10.1(a). 

Section 10.2 Admission of Successor General Partner. A successor General Partner approved pursuant to Section 11.1 or Section 11.2 or the transferee of or successor to all of the General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6 who is proposed to be admitted as a successor General Partner shall be admitted to the Partnership as the General Partner, effective immediately prior to the withdrawal or removal of the predecessor or transferring General Partner, pursuant to Section 11.1 or 11.2 or the transfer of the General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6; provided, however, that no such successor shall be admitted to the Partnership until compliance with the terms of Section 4.6 has occurred and such successor has executed and delivered such other documents or instruments as may be required to effect such admission. Any such successor is hereby authorized to and shall, subject to the terms hereof, carry on the business of the members of the Partnership Group without dissolution. 

Section 10.3 Amendment of Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership. To effect the admission to the Partnership of any Partner, the Board of Directors shall take all steps necessary or appropriate under the Delaware Act to amend the Register and any other records of the Partnership to reflect such admission and, if necessary, to prepare as soon as practicable an amendment to this Agreement and, if required by law, the Partnership shall prepare and file an amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership. 

ARTICLE XI

WITHDRAWAL OR REMOVAL OF PARTNERS 

Section 11.1 Withdrawal of the General Partner. 

(a) The General Partner shall be deemed to have withdrawn from the Partnership upon the occurrence of any one of the following events (each such event herein referred to as an Event of Withdrawal); 

(i) The General Partner voluntarily withdraws from the Partnership by giving written notice to the other Partners pursuant to Section 11.1(b); 

(ii) The General Partner transfers all of its General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6; 

(iii) The General Partner is removed pursuant to Section 11.2; 

(iv) The General Partner (A) makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (B) files a voluntary bankruptcy petition for relief under Chapter 7 of the United States Bankruptcy Code; (C) files a petition or answer seeking for itself a liquidation, dissolution or similar relief (but not a reorganization) under any law; (D) files an answer or other pleading admitting or failing to contest the material allegations of a petition filed against the General Partner in a proceeding of the type described in 

77

clauses (A)-(C) of this Section 11.1(a)(iv); or (E) seeks, consents to or acquiesces in the appointment of a trustee (but not a debtor-in-possession), receiver or liquidator of the General Partner or of all or any substantial part of its properties; 

(v) A final and non-appealable order of relief under Chapter 7 of the United States Bankruptcy Code is entered by a court with appropriate jurisdiction pursuant to a voluntary or involuntary petition by or against the General Partner; or 

(vi) (A) if the General Partner is a corporation, a certificate of dissolution or its equivalent is filed for the General Partner, or 90 days expire after the date of notice to the General Partner of revocation of its charter without a reinstatement of its charter, under the laws of its state of incorporation; (B) if the General Partner is a partnership or a limited liability company, the dissolution and commencement of winding up of the General Partner; (C) if the General Partner is acting in such capacity by virtue of being a trustee of a trust, the termination of the trust; (D) if the General Partner is a natural person, his death or adjudication of incompetency; and (E) otherwise upon the termination of the General Partner. 

If an Event of Withdrawal specified in Section 11.1(a)(iv), (v) or (vi)(A), (B), (C) or (E) occurs, the withdrawing General Partner shall give notice to the Limited Partners within 30 days after such occurrence. The Partners hereby agree that only the Events of Withdrawal described in this Section 11.1 shall result in the withdrawal of the General Partner from the Partnership. 

(b) Withdrawal of the General Partner from the Partnership upon the occurrence of an Event of Withdrawal shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement under the following circumstances: (i) in respect of the Event of Withdrawal specified in Section 11.1(a)(i), the General Partner voluntarily withdraws by giving at least 90 days advance notice to the Unitholders, such withdrawal to take effect on the date specified in such notice; or (ii) at any time that the General Partner ceases to be the General Partner pursuant to Section 11.1(a)(ii) or is removed pursuant to Section 11.2. The withdrawal of the General Partner from the Partnership upon the occurrence of an Event of Withdrawal shall also constitute the withdrawal of the General Partner as general partner or managing member, if any, to the extent applicable, of the other Group Members. If the General Partner gives a notice of withdrawal pursuant to Section 11.1(a)(i), the holders of a Unit Majority, may, prior to the effective date of such withdrawal, elect a successor General Partner. The Person so elected as successor General Partner shall automatically become the successor general partner or managing member, to the extent applicable, of the other Group Members of which the General Partner is a general partner or a managing member. Any successor General Partner elected in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.1 shall be subject to the provisions of Section 10.2. 

Section 11.2 Removal of the General Partner. The General Partner may be removed if such removal is approved by the Unitholders holding at least sixty-six and two thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the Outstanding Units (including Units held by the General Partner and its Affiliates, but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units) voting as a single class. Any such action by such holders for removal of the General Partner must also provide for the election of a successor General Partner by the holders of a Unit Majority. Such removal shall be effective immediately following the admission of a successor General Partner pursuant to Section 10.2. 

78

The removal of the General Partner shall also automatically constitute the removal of the General Partner as general partner or managing member, to the extent applicable, of the other Group Members of which the General Partner is a general partner or a managing member. If a Person is elected as a successor General Partner in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.2, such Person shall, upon admission pursuant to Section 10.2, automatically become a successor general partner or managing member, to the extent applicable, of the other Group Members of which the General Partner is a general partner or a managing member. The right of the holders of Outstanding Units, voting together as a single class, to remove the General Partner pursuant to this Section 11.2 shall not exist or be exercised unless the Partnership has received an Opinion of Counsel that such removal (following the selection of the successor General Partner) would not result in the loss of the limited liability under the Delaware Act of any Limited Partner. Any successor General Partner elected in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.2 shall be subject to the provisions of Section 10.2. 

Section 11.3 Interest of Departing General Partner and Successor General Partner. 

(a) In the event of (i) withdrawal of the General Partner under circumstances where such withdrawal does not violate this Agreement or (ii) removal of the General Partner by the holders of Outstanding Units under circumstances where Cause does not exist, if the successor General Partner is elected in accordance with the terms of Section 11.1 or Section 11.2, the Departing General Partner shall have the option, exercisable prior to the effective date of the withdrawal or removal of such Departing General Partner, to require its successor to purchase its Combined Interest in exchange for an amount in cash equal to the fair market value of such Combined Interest, such amount to be determined and payable as of the effective date of its withdrawal or removal. If the General Partner is removed by the Unitholders under circumstances where Cause exists or if the General Partner withdraws under circumstances where such withdrawal violates this Agreement, and if a successor General Partner is elected in accordance with the terms of Section 11.1 or Section 11.2 (or if the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 12.2 and the successor General Partner is not the former General Partner), such successor shall have the option, exercisable prior to the effective date of the withdrawal or removal of such Departing General Partner (or, in the event the business of the Partnership is continued, prior to the date the business of the Partnership is continued), to purchase the Combined Interest for such fair market value of such Combined Interest. In either event, the Departing General Partner shall be entitled to receive all reimbursements due such Departing General Partner pursuant to Section 7.4, including any employee-related liabilities (including severance liabilities), incurred in connection with the termination of any employees employed by the Departing General Partner or its Affiliates (other than any Group Member) for the benefit of the Partnership or the other Group Members. 

For purposes of this Section 11.3(a), the fair market value of the Combined Interest shall be determined by agreement between the Departing General Partner and its successor or, failing agreement within 30 days after the effective date of such Departing General Partners withdrawal or removal, by an independent investment banking firm or other independent expert that is selected by the Departing General Partner and its successor and that, in turn, may rely on other experts, and the determination by which shall be conclusive as to such matter. If such parties cannot agree upon one independent investment banking firm or other independent expert within 45 days after the effective date of such withdrawal or removal, then the Departing General 

79

Partner shall designate an independent investment banking firm or other independent expert, the Departing General Partners successor shall designate an independent investment banking firm or other independent expert, and such firms or experts shall mutually select a third independent investment banking firm or independent expert, which third independent investment banking firm or other independent expert shall determine the fair market value of the Combined Interest. In making its determination, such third independent investment banking firm or other independent expert may consider the then-current trading price of Units on any National Securities Exchange on which Units are then listed or admitted to trading, the value of the Partnerships assets, the rights and obligations of the Departing General Partner, the value of the General Partner Interest and other factors it may deem relevant. 

(b) If the Combined Interest is not purchased in the manner set forth in Section 11.3(a), the Departing General Partner (or its transferee) shall become a Limited Partner and its Combined Interest shall be converted into Common Units pursuant to a valuation made by an investment banking firm or other independent expert selected pursuant to Section 11.3(a), without reduction in such Partnership Interest (but subject to proportionate dilution by reason of the admission of its successor). Any successor General Partner shall indemnify the Departing General Partner (or its transferee) as to all debts and liabilities of the Partnership arising on or after the date on which the Departing General Partner (or its transferee) becomes a Limited Partner. For purposes of this Agreement, conversion of the Combined Interest of the Departing General Partner to Common Units will be characterized as if the Departing General Partner (or its transferee) contributed its Combined Interest to the Partnership in exchange for the newly issued Common Units. 

(c) If a successor General Partner is elected in accordance with the terms of Section 11.1 or Section 11.2 (or if the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 12.2 and the successor General Partner is not the former General Partner) and the option described in Section 11.3(a) is not exercised by the party entitled to do so, the successor General Partner shall, at the effective date of its admission to the Partnership, contribute to the Partnership cash in the amount equal to the product of (x) the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the Adjusted Percentage Interest of the General Partner Interest of the Departing General Partner by (B) a percentage equal to one hundred percent (100%) less the Adjusted Percentage Interest of the General Partner Interest of the Departing General Partner and (y) the Fair Market Value of the Partnerships assets on such date, net of Liabilities.

(d) In such event, such successor General Partner shall, subject to the following sentence, be entitled to its Adjusted Percentage Interest of all Partnership allocations and distributions to which the Departing General Partner was entitled. In addition, the successor General Partner shall cause this Agreement to be amended to reflect that, from and after the date of such successor General Partners admission, the successor General Partners interest in all Partnership distributions and allocations shall be its Adjusted Percentage Interest. 

Section 11.4 Withdrawal of Limited Partners. No Limited Partner shall have any right to withdraw from the Partnership; provided, however, that when a transferee of a Limited Partners Limited Partner Interest becomes a Record Holder of the Limited Partner Interest so transferred, such transferring Limited Partner shall cease to be a Limited Partner with respect to the Limited Partner Interest so transferred. 

80

ARTICLE XII

DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION 

Section 12.1 Dissolution. The Partnership shall not be dissolved by the admission of additional Limited Partners or by the admission of a successor General Partner in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Upon the removal or withdrawal of the General Partner, if a successor General Partner is elected pursuant to Section 11.1, Section 11.2 or Section 12.2, the Partnership shall not be dissolved and such successor General Partner shall continue the business of the Partnership. The Partnership shall dissolve, and (subject to Section 12.2) its affairs shall be wound up, upon: 

(a) an Event of Withdrawal of the General Partner as provided in Section 11.1(a) (other than Section 11.1(a)(ii)), unless a successor is elected and, if applicable, the Partnership receives an Opinion of Counsel pursuant to Section 11.2 as to the matters set forth therein, and such successor is admitted to the Partnership pursuant to Section 10.2; 

(b) an election to dissolve the Partnership by the Board of Directors that is approved by the General Partner, in its sole discretion, and by the holders of (i) at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units (including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units and excluding all Units owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates), voting as a separate class, and (ii) at least a majority of (A) the Outstanding Special Voting Units and (B) the Outstanding Common Units (including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units) owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates, voting together as a single class; 

(c) the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution of the Partnership pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware Act; or 

(d) at any time there are no Limited Partners, unless the Partnership is continued without dissolution in accordance with the Delaware Act. 

Section 12.2 Continuation of the Business of the Partnership After Dissolution. Upon (a) dissolution of the Partnership following an Event of Withdrawal caused by the withdrawal or removal of the General Partner as provided in Section 11.1(a)(i) or (iii) and the failure of the Partners to select a successor to such Departing General Partner pursuant to Section 11.1 or Section 11.2, then, to the maximum extent permitted by law, within ninety (90) days thereafter or (b) dissolution of the Partnership upon an event constituting an Event of Withdrawal as defined in Section 11.1(a)(iv), (v) or (vi), then, to the maximum extent permitted by law, within one hundred eighty (180) days thereafter, the holders of a Unit Majority may elect to continue the business of the Partnership on the same terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement by appointing as a successor General Partner a Person approved by the holders of a Unit Majority. Unless such an election is made within the applicable time period as set forth above, the Partnership shall conduct only activities necessary to wind up its affairs. If such an election is so made, then: 

81

(i) the Partnership shall continue without dissolution unless earlier dissolved in accordance with this Article XII; 

(ii) if the successor General Partner is not the former General Partner, then the interest of the former General Partner shall be treated in the manner provided in Section 11.3; and 

(iii) the successor General Partner shall be admitted to the Partnership as General Partner, effective as of the Event of Withdrawal, by agreeing in writing to be bound by this Agreement; 

provided, that the right of the holders of a Unit Majority to approve a successor General Partner and to continue the business of the Partnership shall not exist and may not be exercised unless the Partnership has received an Opinion of Counsel that the exercise of the right would not result in the loss of limited liability of any Limited Partner under the Delaware Act. 

Section 12.3 Liquidator. Upon dissolution of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions of Article XII, the General Partner shall select one or more Persons to act as Liquidator. The Liquidator (if other than the General Partner) shall be entitled to receive such compensation for its services as may be approved by holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units and Special Voting Units, voting together as a single class (including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units). The Liquidator (if other than the General Partner) shall agree not to resign at any time without fifteen (15) days prior notice and may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by notice of removal approved by holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units and Special Voting Units, voting together as a single class (including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units). Upon dissolution, removal or resignation of the Liquidator, a successor and substitute Liquidator (who shall have and succeed to all rights, powers and duties of the original Liquidator) shall within thirty (30) days thereafter be approved by holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units and Special Voting Units, voting together as a single class (including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units). The right to approve a successor or substitute Liquidator in the manner provided herein shall be deemed to refer also to any such successor or substitute Liquidator approved in the manner herein provided. Except as expressly provided in this Article XII, the Liquidator approved in the manner provided herein shall have and may exercise, without further authorization or consent of any of the parties hereto, all of the powers conferred upon the General Partner and the Board of Directors under the terms of this Agreement (but subject to all of the applicable limitations, contractual and otherwise, upon the exercise of such powers, other than the limitation on sale set forth in Section 7.3) necessary or appropriate to carry out the duties and functions of the Liquidator hereunder for and during the period of time required to complete the winding up and liquidation of the Partnership as provided for herein. 

Section 12.4 Liquidation. The Liquidator shall proceed to dispose of the assets of the Partnership, discharge its liabilities and otherwise wind up its affairs in such manner and over such period as determined by the Liquidator, subject to Section 17-804 of the Delaware Act and the following: 

82

(a) The assets may be disposed of by public or private sale or by distribution in kind to one or more Partners on such terms as the Liquidator and such Partner or Partners may agree. If any property is distributed in kind, the Partner receiving the property shall be deemed for purposes of Section 12.4(c) to have received cash equal to its Fair Market Value, net of Liabilities; and contemporaneously therewith, appropriate cash distributions must be made to the other Partners. The Liquidator may defer liquidation or distribution of the Partnerships assets for a reasonable time if it determines that an immediate sale or distribution of all or some of the Partnerships assets would be impractical or would cause undue loss to the Partners. The Liquidator may distribute the Partnerships assets, in whole or in part, in kind if it determines that a sale would be impractical or would cause undue loss to the Partners. 

(b) Liabilities of the Partnership include amounts owed to the Liquidator as compensation for serving in such capacity (subject to the terms of Section 12.3) and amounts to Partners otherwise than in respect of their distribution rights under Article VI. With respect to any liability that is contingent, conditional or unmatured or is otherwise not yet due and payable, the Liquidator shall either settle such claim for such amount as it thinks appropriate or establish a reserve of cash or other assets to provide for its payment. When paid, any unused portion of the reserve shall be distributed as additional liquidation proceeds. 

(c) All property and all cash in excess of that required to discharge liabilities as provided in Section 12.4(b) shall be distributed to the Partners in accordance with the priorities for distributions set forth in Article VI, and such distribution shall be made by the end of such taxable period (or, if later, within ninety (90) days after said date of such occurrence); provided that any cash in excess of that required to discharge liabilities as provided in Section 12.4(b) shall be distributed with respect to the Series A Preferred Units and Series A Senior Securities prior to any distribution of cash or cash equivalents with respect to the Series A Junior Securities. The amount of such distribution paid to the holders of Series A Preferred Units shall be the greater of (i) the Series A Liquidation Value and (ii) the amount that holders of Series A Preferred Units would receive had they converted Series A Preferred Units into the number of Common Units determined by multiplying the number of Series A Preferred Units held by such holder by the Series A Conversion Rate immediately prior to the distribution (regardless of whether the Series A Preferred Units are then convertible). 

Section 12.5 Cancellation of Certificate of Limited Partnership. Upon the completion of the distribution of Partnership cash and property as provided in Section 12.4 in connection with the liquidation of the Partnership, the Certificate of Limited Partnership and all qualifications of the Partnership as a foreign limited partnership in jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware shall be canceled and such other actions as may be necessary to terminate the Partnership shall be taken. 

Section 12.6 Return of Contributions. The General Partner shall not be personally liable for, and shall have no obligation to contribute or loan any monies or property to the Partnership to enable it to effectuate, the return of the Capital Contributions of the Limited Partners or Unitholders, or any portion thereof, it being expressly understood that any such return shall be made solely from assets of the Partnership. 

83

Section 12.7 Waiver of Partition. To the maximum extent permitted by law, each Partner hereby waives any right to partition of the Partnership property. 

ARTICLE XIII

AMENDMENT OF PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT; MEETINGS; RECORD DATE; VOTING 

Section 13.1 Amendments to the Partnership Agreement. 

(a) Each Partner agrees that the Board of Directors, without the approval of any Partner, may amend or modify, as applicable, any provision of this Agreement and execute, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file and record whatever documents may be required in connection therewith, to reflect:

(i) a change in the name of the Partnership, the location of the principal office of the Partnership, the registered agent of the Partnership or the registered office of the Partnership; 

(ii) admission, substitution, withdrawal or removal of Partners in accordance with this Agreement; 

(iii) a change that the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or appropriate to qualify or continue the qualification of the Partnership as a limited partnership or a partnership in which the Limited Partners have limited liability under the laws of any state or to ensure that the Operating Partnership and the Operating Partnerships Subsidiaries will not be treated as associations taxable as corporations or otherwise taxed as entities for federal income tax purposes; 

(iv) a change that the Board of Directors determines (A) does not adversely affect the Limited Partners considered as a whole or any particular class of Partnership Interests as compared to other classes of Partnership Interests in any material respect, (B) to be necessary or appropriate to (1) satisfy any requirements, conditions or guidelines contained in any opinion, directive, order, ruling or regulation of any federal or state agency or judicial authority or contained in any federal or state statute (including the Delaware Act) or (2) facilitate the trading of the Units (including the division of any class or classes of Outstanding Units into different classes to facilitate uniformity of tax consequences within such classes of Units) or comply with any rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any National Securities Exchange on which the Units are or will be listed or admitted to trading, (C) to be necessary or appropriate in connection with action taken by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 5.6 or (D) is required to effect the intent of the provisions of this Agreement or is otherwise contemplated by this Agreement; 

(v) a change in the fiscal year or taxable year of the Partnership and any other changes that the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or appropriate as a result of a change in the fiscal year or taxable year of the Partnership including a 

84

change in the definition of Quarter and the dates on which distributions are to be made by the Partnership; 

(vi) an amendment that is necessary, in the Opinion of Counsel, to prevent the Partnership, the General Partner or their respective directors, officers, trustees or agents from in any manner being subjected to the provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or plan asset regulations adopted under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, regardless of whether such are substantially similar to plan asset regulations currently applied or proposed by the United States Department of Labor; 

(vii) an amendment that the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or appropriate in connection with the authorization or issuance of any class or series of Partnership Interests pursuant to Section 5.4; 

(viii) any amendment expressly permitted in this Agreement to be made by the Board of Directors acting alone; 

(ix) an amendment effected, necessitated or contemplated by a Merger Agreement approved in accordance with Section 14.3; 

(x) an amendment that the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or appropriate to reflect and account for the formation by the Partnership of, or investment by the Partnership in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, in connection with the conduct by the Partnership of activities permitted by the terms of Section 2.4; 

(xi) a merger, conveyance or conversion pursuant to Section 14.3(d);

(xii) a modification pursuant to Section 15.11 with respect to any annual meeting of Limited Partners; or

(xiii) any other amendments substantially similar to the foregoing. 

(b) Each Partner agrees that the General Partner, without the approval of any other Partner, may, in its sole discretion, amend any provision of this Agreement and execute, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file and record whatever documents may be required in connection therewith, in connection with such changes to the ownership structure of OpCo Common Units and Special Voting Units held by the General Partner or its Affiliates as may be required to avoid adverse tax consequences resulting from changes to tax laws, so long as such amendment is not materially adverse to the Partnership or the Limited Partners.

(c) Each Partner agrees that, without the approval of any Partner, the Board of Directors may amend any provision of this Agreement in such manner as the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or appropriate to prevent the consolidation of the Partnership Groups financial results with those of NEE and its Subsidiaries (other than Group Members) under U.S. GAAP, so long as such amendment is not materially adverse to the Partnership or the Limited Partners.

85

Section 13.2 Amendment Procedures. Amendments to this Agreement may be proposed only by the General Partner, to the extent permitted under Section 13.1(b), or by the Board of Directors in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. To the fullest extent permitted by law, neither the General Partner nor the Board of Directors shall have any duty or obligation to propose or approve any amendment to this Agreement, and each of the General Partner and the Board of Directors may decline to do so free of any duty or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership, any Limited Partner or any other Person bound by this Agreement, and, in declining to propose or approve an amendment to this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law shall not be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity, and the General Partner or Board of Directors in determining whether to propose or approve any amendment to this Agreement shall be permitted to do so in its sole and absolute discretion. An amendment to this Agreement shall be effective upon its approval by the General Partner or Board of Directors, as applicable, and, except as otherwise provided by Section 13.1 or Section 13.3, the holders of a Unit Majority, unless a different percentage of Outstanding Units is required under this Agreement; provided that, subject to Section 13.1(c), any amendment to Article VI, Article VII, Section 13.1(b), Section 13.1(c), Section 13.2, Section 13.4, Section 13.9, Section 13.13 or Article XV, or any defined terms used therein, shall require the approval of the holders of (a) at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units (including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units and excluding all Units owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates), voting as a separate class, and (b) at least a majority of (i) the Outstanding Special Voting Units and (ii) the Outstanding Common Units (including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units) owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates, voting together as a single class. For the avoidance of doubt, any modification or waiver of any terms set forth in Article XV of this Agreement made by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 15.11 shall not constitute an amendment of this Agreement. Each proposed amendment that requires the approval of the holders of a specified percentage of Outstanding Units or class of Limited Partners shall be set forth in a writing that contains the text of the proposed amendment. If such an amendment is proposed, the General Partner or the Board of Directors, as applicable, shall seek the written approval of the requisite percentage of Outstanding Units or class of Limited Partners or call a meeting of the Unitholders to consider and vote on such proposed amendment. The Board of Directors shall notify all Record Holders upon final adoption of any amendments. The General Partner and the Board of Directors shall be deemed to have notified all Record Holders as required by this Section 13.2 if the Partnership has posted or made accessible such amendment through the Partnerships or the Commissions website. 

Section 13.3 Amendment Requirements. 

(a) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 13.1 and Section 13.2, no provision of this Agreement that establishes a percentage of Outstanding Units (including Units deemed owned by the General Partner) or class of Limited Partners required to take any action shall be amended, altered, changed, repealed or rescinded in any respect that would have the effect of (i) in the case of any provision of this Agreement other than Section 11.2 or Section 13.4, reducing such percentage or (ii) in the case of Section 11.2 or Section 13.4(b), increasing such percentages, unless such amendment is approved by the written consent or the 

86

affirmative vote of holders of Outstanding Common Units and Special Voting Units, voting together as a single class (including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units), whose aggregate Outstanding Common Units and Special Voting Units, voting together as a single class (including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units), constitute (x) in the case of a reduction as described in subclause (a)(i) hereof, not less than the voting requirement sought to be reduced, (y) in the case of an increase in the percentage in Section 11.2, not less than ninety percent (90%) of the Outstanding Units (excluding Non-Voting Common Units) or (z) in the case of an increase in the percentage in Section 13.4(b), not less than a majority of the Outstanding Units (excluding Non-Voting Common Units). 

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 13.1 and Section 13.2, no amendment to this Agreement may (i) enlarge the obligations of any Limited Partner without its consent, unless such shall be deemed to have occurred as a result of an amendment approved pursuant to Section 13.3(c) or (ii) enlarge the obligations of, restrict in any way any action by or rights of or reduce in any way the amounts distributable, reimbursable or otherwise payable to, the General Partner or any of its Affiliates without its consent, which consent may be given or withheld at its option. 

(c) Except as provided in Section 14.3, and without limitation of the General Partners or Boards authority to adopt amendments to this Agreement without the approval of any Partner as contemplated in Section 13.1, any amendment (including by merger or otherwise) that would have a material adverse effect on the rights or preferences of any class of Partnership Interests in relation to other classes of Partnership Interests must be approved by the holders of not less than a majority of the Outstanding Partnership Interests of the class affected. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) any amendment (including by merger or otherwise) adversely affecting the distribution, liquidation, transfer, conversion, or voting rights of the holders of Non-Voting Common Units (including any amendment that would (A) result in the Non-Voting Common Units and Common Units not having the same economic rights, (B) provide the Non-Voting Common Units with voting rights in addition to those set forth in this Agreement, (C) impose new or additional restrictions on transfer of the Non-Voting Common Units, (D) adversely change the conversion rights of the Non-Voting Common Units or impose new or additional restrictions on conversion of such Non-Voting Common Units, (E) adversely change the process of converting the Non-Voting Common Units to Common Units, (F) change the beneficial ownership threshold set forth in Section 5.9(b)(v)(B)(1), (G) make the Non-Voting Common Units redeemable or convertible at the option of the Partnership, other than as set forth herein, or (H) adversely change the Partnerships obligation to provide transfer assistance in connection with a transfer of Non-Voting Common Units to any Person) would require approval pursuant to the foregoing sentence; and (ii) any amendment (including by merger or otherwise) adversely affecting the distribution, liquidation or conversion rights (including in connection with a Series A Change of Control) of the Series A Preferred Unitholders or the ranking or seniority of the Series A Preferred Units in relation to any other class of Partnership Interests would require approval pursuant to the foregoing sentence; provided that (A) for so long as (y) each Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser (together with such Purchasers then-Affiliates) continues to be the Record Holder or beneficial owner of at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the Outstanding Series A Preferred Units, and (z) a Series A Purchaser Change of Control has not occurred with respect to any Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser, any amendments that require approval 

87

under this sentence must be approved by Series A Preferred Unitholders holding at least sixty-six and two thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the Outstanding Series A Preferred Units; and (B) from and after such time as (y) any Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser (together with such Purchasers then-Affiliates) ceases to be the Record Holder or beneficial owner of at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the Outstanding Series A Preferred Units, or (z) a Series A Purchaser Change of Control occurs with respect to any Series A Purchase Agreement Purchaser, any amendments that require approval under this sentence must be approved by holders of not less than a majority of the Outstanding Series A Preferred Unitholders (the vote required by clause (A) or (B), as applicable, of the foregoing proviso, the Series A Required Voting Percentage). Without limiting the generality of clause (ii) of the foregoing sentence, any amendment shall be deemed to have such a material adverse effect on the rights or preferences of the Series A Preferred Units if such amendment would:

(i) Reduce the Series A Distribution Amount, change the form of payment of distributions on the Series A Preferred Units, defer the date from which distributions on the Series A Preferred Units will accrue, cancel any accrued Series A Unpaid Distributions, or change the seniority rights of the Series A Preferred Unitholders as to the payment of distributions in relation to the holders of any other class or series of Partnership Interests; 

(ii) Reduce the amount payable or change the form of payment to the Record Holders of the Series A Preferred Units upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Partnership, or change the seniority of the liquidation preferences of the Record Holders of the Series A Preferred Units in relation to the rights upon liquidation of the holders of any other class or series of Partnership Interests;

(iii) Make the Series A Preferred Units redeemable or convertible at the option of the Partnership other than as set forth herein; or

(iv) Adversely amend the provisions of Section 5.5(c), Section 5.8(b)(iii)(D) or Section 5.8(b)(x).

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, any amendment to the provisions relating to the IDR Fee contained in the Management Services Agreement that would materially adversely affect the holders of the Common Units shall be approved by holders of a Unit Majority.

(e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, prior to the approval by the Partnership, as a holder of OpCo Common Units, of (i) any amendment of the OpCo Partnership Agreement that requires approval by holders of a Unit Majority (as defined therein), such amendment shall also be approved by holders of a Unit Majority hereunder, and (ii) any amendment of the OpCo Partnership Agreement that requires approval by holders of at least ninety percent (90%) of the OpCo Common Units, such amendment shall also be approved by holders of at least ninety percent (90%) of the Outstanding Units hereunder. 

(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, except for amendments pursuant to Section 13.1 and except as otherwise provided by Section 14.3(b), no 

88

amendments shall become effective without the approval of the holders of at least ninety percent (90%) of the Outstanding Units unless the Partnership obtains an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such amendment will not affect the limited liability of any Limited Partner under applicable partnership law of the state under whose laws the Partnership is organized. 

(g) Except as provided in Section 13.1, this Section 13.3 shall only be amended with the approval of the holders of at least ninety percent (90%) of the Outstanding Units; provided that clauses (d) and (e)(i) of this Section 13.3 may be amended with the approval of the holders of a Unit Majority. 

Section 13.4 Annual and Special Meetings. All acts of Limited Partners to be taken pursuant to this Agreement shall be taken in the manner provided in this Article XIII. Meetings of the Limited Partners for the election of Directors or for any other purpose shall be held at such time and place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. 

(a) An annual meeting of the Limited Partners for the election of Directors shall be held on such date and at such time as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. Limited Partners shall not be entitled to bring business at any annual meeting of Limited Partners except pursuant to Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

(b) Special meetings of the Limited Partners may be called by the Board of Directors (or any committee thereof duly authorized to call such a meeting), by the General Partner or by Limited Partners owning (without giving effect to Section 13.13) twenty percent (20%) or more of the Outstanding Units of the class or classes for which a meeting is proposed, subject to compliance with the provisions of this Section 13.4(b). 

(i) Limited Partners may call a special meeting of Limited Partners by delivering to the Secretary of the Partnership one or more requests in writing stating that the signing Limited Partners wish to call a special meeting of all Limited Partners and indicating the specific purposes for which the special meeting is to be called; provided, however, that the Limited Partners shall be entitled to call a special meeting only to remove LP Elected Directors for Cause or the General Partner and not to conduct any other business. No other business may be brought by any Limited Partner before such special meeting except the business listed in the related request; provided that nominations of Directors shall not be permitted at any special meeting requested by Limited Partners. To be in proper written form, a request for a special meeting of Limited Partners must set forth in writing the following:

(A) as to the Limited Partner or Limited Partners making the request and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made: 

(1) the name and address of such Limited Partner or Limited Partners as they appear on the Partnerships books, and of such beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if any; 

(2) information about all holdings or other interests in the Partnerships securities, including: (I) the class or series and number of Units 

89

or other Limited Partner Interests that are, directly or indirectly, owned of record or owned beneficially by the Limited Partner(s) and such beneficial owner(s), if any, and a representation that the Limited Partner(s) and beneficial owner(s), if any, will notify the Partnership in writing of the class or series and number of such Units or other Limited Partner Interests owned of record and beneficially as of the Record Date for the meeting, promptly following the later of the Record Date and the date notice of the Record Date is first publicly announced; (II) any Derivative Partnership Interests directly or indirectly owned beneficially by such Limited Partner(s) and beneficial owner(s), if any, and any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of Limited Partner Interests; (III) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such Limited Partner(s) and beneficial owner(s), if any, have a right to vote any security of the Partnership; (IV) any short interest in any security of the Partnership (for purposes hereof, a person or entity shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person or entity directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security); (V) any rights to distributions from the Limited Partner Interests of the Partnership owned beneficially by such Limited Partner(s) and beneficial owner(s), if any, that are separated or separable from the underlying securities of the Partnership; (VI) any proportionate interest in Limited Partner Interests or Derivative Partnership Interests held, directly or indirectly, by (xx) a general or limited partnership in which such Limited Partner(s) and beneficial owner(s), if any, are general partners or, directly or indirectly, beneficially own an interest in a general partner, (yy) a limited liability company in which such Limited Partner(s) and beneficial owner(s), if any, are managing members or, directly or indirectly, beneficially own an interest in a managing member or (zz) another entity or enterprise in which such Limited Partner(s) and beneficial owner(s), if any, serve in a similar management capacity or directly or indirectly, beneficially own an interest in an entity or enterprise that serves in such a management capacity; and (VII) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such Limited Partner(s) and beneficial owner(s), if any, are entitled to be based on any increase or decrease in the value of Limited Partner Interests or Derivative Partnership Interests, if any, as of the date of such request, including any such interests held by such Limited Partners and beneficial owners, if any, Affiliates, any person or entity with whom such Limited Partners and beneficial owners, if any, is acting in concert or members of such Limited Partners and beneficial owners, if any, immediate family sharing the same household (which information shall be supplemented by such Limited Partner(s) and beneficial owner(s), if any, not later than ten (10) days after the later of the Record Date for the special meeting or the date on which the Record Date for such special meeting is first publicly announced);

(3) a representation that each Limited Partner is a holder of record of Limited Partner Interests entitled to vote at such special meeting on the removal of LP Elected Directors or the General Partner and 

90

intends to appear in person or by proxy at such meeting to propose such removal; and

(4) any other information relating to such Limited Partner(s) and beneficial owner(s), if any, that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(B) in addition, the request must include the following:

(1) the identity of the LP Elected Director (or LP Elected Directors) or the General Partner sought to be removed at the meeting, the reason for the proposed removal and any material interest of such Limited Partner(s) and beneficial owner(s), if any, in connection with such removal; 

(2) a brief statement as to how such Limited Partner(s) intend to vote on such removal; and

(3) a description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings, whether written or oral, between such Limited Partner(s) and beneficial owner(s), if any, and any other person or persons (including the names of such persons) in connection with the proposal of such matter by such Limited Partner(s).

(ii) Within sixty (60) days after receipt of a request from Limited Partners or within such greater time as may be reasonably necessary for the Partnership to comply with any statutes, rules, regulations, listing agreements or similar requirements governing the holding of a meeting or the solicitation of proxies for use at such a meeting, the Board of Directors shall send a notice of the meeting to the Limited Partners either directly or indirectly. A meeting shall be held at a time and place determined by the Board of Directors on a date not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days after the time notice of the meeting is given as provided in Section 16.1. 

(iii) If the notice requirements set forth in this Section 13.4(b) are satisfied by the Limited Partners requesting a special meeting and such Limited Partners proposal has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by management of the Partnership to solicit proxies for the applicable special meeting of Limited Partners and such Limited Partners do not appear or send a qualified representative to present such proposal at such meeting, the Partnership need not present such proposal for a vote at such meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Partnership. For purposes of this Section 13.4(b), to be considered a qualified representative of a Limited Partner, a person must be authorized by a writing executed by such Limited Partner or an electronic transmission delivered by such Limited Partner to the Secretary of the Partnership (in the case of a writing, delivered in person or by facsimile, or sent by U.S. certified mail and received, at the principal executive offices of the Partnership) to act for such Limited Partner as proxy at the meeting of Limited Partners, and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a 

91

reliable printed reproduction of such writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of Limited Partners.

(iv) Limited Partners shall not be permitted to vote on matters that would cause the Limited Partners to be deemed to be taking part in the management and control of the business and affairs of the Partnership so as to jeopardize the Limited Partners limited liability under the Delaware Act or the law of any other state in which the Partnership is qualified to do business. If any such vote were to take place, it shall be deemed null and void to the extent necessary so as not to jeopardize the Limited Partners limited liability under the Delaware Act or the law of any other state in which the Partnership is qualified to do business. 

(v) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 13.4(b), a Limited Partner shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, and all applicable rules and requirements of the National Securities Exchange on which the Common Units are listed or admitted to trading or, if the Common Units are not so listed or admitted to trading, the quotation system on which the Partnerships securities are listed or quoted, in each case, with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 13.4(b); provided, however, that any references in this Agreement to the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to proposals as to any business to be considered pursuant to this Section 13.4(b). Nothing in this Section 13.4(b) shall be deemed to affect any rights of Limited Partners to request inclusion of proposals in the Partnerships proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) promulgated under the Exchange Act.

Section 13.5 Notice of a Meeting. Notice of an annual meeting of Limited Partners called pursuant to Section 13.4(a) shall be given to the Record Holders of all Outstanding Units by mail or other means of written communication in accordance with Section 16.1. Notice of a special meeting called pursuant to Section 13.4(b) shall be given to the Record Holders of the class or classes of Units for which a meeting is proposed in writing by mail or other means of written communication in accordance with Section 16.1. 

Section 13.6 Record Date. For purposes of determining the Limited Partners who are Record Holders of the class or classes of Limited Partner Interests entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the Limited Partners or to give approvals without a meeting as provided in Section 13.11, the Board of Directors shall set a Record Date, which shall not be less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before (a) the date of the meeting (unless such requirement conflicts with any rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any National Securities Exchange on which the Units are listed or admitted to trading or U.S. federal securities laws, in which case the rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of such National Securities Exchange or U.S. federal securities laws shall govern) or (b) in the event that approvals are sought without a meeting, the date by which such Limited Partners are requested in writing by the Board of Directors to give such approvals. 

Section 13.7 Postponement and Adjournment. Prior to the date upon which any meeting of Limited Partners is to be held, the Board of Directors may postpone such meeting one 

92

or more times for any reason by giving notice to each Limited Partner entitled to vote at the meeting so postponed of the place, date and hour at which such meeting would be held. Such notice shall be given not fewer than two (2) days before the date of such meeting and otherwise in accordance with this Article XIII. When a meeting is postponed, a new Record Date need not be fixed unless the aggregate amount of such postponement shall be for more than forty-five (45) days after the original meeting date. Any meeting of Limited Partners may be adjourned by the Board of Directors (or any authorized committee of the Board of Directors) one or more times for any reason, including the failure of a quorum to be present at the meeting with respect to any proposal or the failure of any proposal to receive sufficient votes for approval. No vote of the Limited Partners shall be required for any adjournment. A meeting of Limited Partners may be adjourned by the Board of Directors as to one or more proposals regardless of whether action has been taken on other matters. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting and a new Record Date need not be fixed, if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, unless such adjournment shall be for more than forty-five (45) days. If the adjournment is for more than forty-five (45) days or if a new Record Date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given in accordance with this Article XIII. At any adjourned meeting, the Partnership may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. 

Section 13.8 Waiver of Notice of a Meeting. The transactions of any meeting of Limited Partners, however called and noticed, and whenever held, shall be as valid as if they had occurred at a meeting duly held after call and notice in accordance with Section 13.4 and this Section 13.5, if a quorum is present either in person or by proxy. Attendance of a Limited Partner at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of the meeting, except when the Limited Partner attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened; and except that attendance at a meeting is not a waiver of any right to disapprove of any matters submitted for consideration or to object to the failure to submit for consideration any matters required to be included in the notice of the meeting, but not so included, if such objection is expressly made at the beginning of the meeting.

Section 13.9 Quorum and Voting. 

(a) (i) The presence, in person or by proxy, of holders of a majority of the voting power of the Outstanding Units of the class or classes for which a meeting has been called and which are entitled to vote at such meeting (including Outstanding Units deemed owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates) shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of Limited Partners of such class or classes unless any such action by the Limited Partners requires approval by holders of a different percentage of such Units, in which case the quorum shall be such different percentage. (ii) At any meeting of the Limited Partners duly called and held in accordance with this Agreement at which a quorum is present, the act of Limited Partners holding Outstanding Units that in the aggregate represent a majority of the Outstanding Units entitled to vote at such meeting (on all matters on which the holders of all Units vote together as a single class) or a majority of the Outstanding Units of each class entitled to vote at such meeting (on all matters on which the holders of each class of Units vote separately by class) shall be deemed to constitute the act of all Limited Partners, unless a different percentage or class vote is required with respect 

93

to such action under the provisions of this Agreement, in which case the act of the Limited Partners holding Outstanding Units that in the aggregate represent at least such different percentage with respect to the Outstanding Units entitled to vote at such meeting (on all matters on which the holders of all Units vote together as a single class) or a majority of the Outstanding Units of each class entitled to vote at such meeting (on all matters on which the holders of each class of Units vote separately by class) shall be required; provided, in each case, the vote of any such quorum shall be subject to the provisions of Section 13.13. (iii) The Limited Partners present at a duly called or held meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the exit of enough Limited Partners to leave less than a quorum, if any action taken (other than adjournment) is approved by the required percentage of Outstanding Units or class of Limited Partner Interests specified in this Agreement. 

(b) If a quorum exists, a nominee for LP Elected Director shall be elected to the Board of Directors if, subject to Section 13.13, the votes cast for such nominees election by Limited Partners present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter exceed the votes cast by such Limited Partners against such nominees election; provided, however, that if the number of persons considered by the Limited Partners for election as LP Elected Directors exceeds the total number of LP Elected Directors to be elected, LP Elected Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast; provided, further, that all persons considered for election (other than those recommended for nomination by or at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership, the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee thereof) shall have met all applicable requirements and procedures in being placed in nomination and considered for election, including the requirements set forth in this Agreement and in all applicable laws, rules and regulations.

(c) If a quorum exists, an LP Elected Director shall be removed from the Board of Directors if, subject to Section 13.13, the votes cast for such LP Elected Directors removal by the Limited Partners present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter exceeds the votes cast by such Limited Partners against such LP Elected Directors removal.

Section 13.10 Conduct of a Meeting. The Board of Directors shall have full power and authority concerning the manner of conducting any meeting of the Limited Partners or solicitation of approvals in writing, including the determination of Persons entitled to vote, the existence of a quorum, the satisfaction of the requirements of Section 13.4, the conduct of voting, the validity and effect of any proxies and the determination of any controversies, votes or challenges arising in connection with or during the meeting or voting. The Board of Directors shall designate a Person to serve as chairman of any meeting and shall further designate a Person to take the minutes of any meeting. All minutes shall be kept with the records of the Partnership maintained by the Partnership. The Board of Directors may make such other regulations consistent with applicable law and this Agreement as it may deem advisable concerning the conduct of any meeting of the Limited Partners or solicitation of approvals in writing, including regulations in regard to the appointment of proxies, the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes and approvals, the submission and examination of proxies and other evidence of the right to vote and the submission and revocation of approvals in writing. 

94

Section 13.11 Action Without a Meeting. If authorized by the Board of Directors, any action that may be taken at a meeting of the Limited Partners may be taken without a meeting if an approval in writing setting forth the action so taken is signed by Limited Partners owning not less than the minimum percentage of the Outstanding Units (including Units deemed owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates) that, subject to Section 13.13, would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all the Limited Partners were present and voted (unless such provision conflicts with any rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any National Securities Exchange on which the Units are listed or admitted to trading, in which case the rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of such National Securities Exchange shall govern). Prompt notice of the taking of action without a meeting shall be given to the Limited Partners who have not approved in writing. The Board of Directors may specify that any written ballot submitted to Limited Partners for the purpose of taking any action without a meeting shall be returned to the Partnership within the time period, which shall be not less than twenty (20) days, specified by the Board of Directors. If a ballot returned to the Partnership does not vote all of the Outstanding Units held by such Limited Partners, the Partnership shall be deemed to have failed to receive a ballot for the Outstanding Units that were not voted. 

Section 13.12 Right to Vote and Related Matters. 

(a) Only those Record Holders of the Outstanding Units on the Record Date set pursuant to Section 13.6 (and also subject to the limitations contained in the definition of Outstanding) shall be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, a meeting of Limited Partners or to act with respect to matters as to which the holders of the Outstanding Units have the right to vote or to act. All references in this Agreement to votes of, or other acts that may be taken by, the Outstanding Units shall be deemed to be references to the votes or acts of the Record Holders of such Outstanding Units. 

(b) With respect to Units that are held for a Persons account by another Person that is the Record Holder (such as a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation, or an agent of any of the foregoing), such Record Holder shall, in exercising the voting rights in respect of such Units on any matter, and unless the arrangement between such Persons provides otherwise or as otherwise permitted by the applicable rules and requirements of the National Securities Exchange on which the Common Units are listed or admitted to trading, vote such Units in favor of, and in accordance with the direction of, the Person who is the beneficial owner of such Units, and the Partnership shall be entitled to assume such Record Holder is so acting without further inquiry. The provisions of this Section 13.12(b) (as well as all other provisions of this Agreement) are subject to the provisions of Section 4.3. 

Section 13.13 Reductions in Voting Power(a) . 

(a) Five Percent (5%) Voting Limitation. If any Person acquires or holds Limited Partner Interests in an amount that would result in such Persons owning, controlling or holding, together with the members of any related Group, the power to vote five percent (5%) or more of the then Outstanding Limited Partner Interests entitled to vote in the election or removal of LP Elected Directors, then such Person, and any related Group (with the voting limitation set forth herein being applied to each member pro rata within such Group), shall be entitled to vote not more than five percent (5%) of such Outstanding Limited Partner Interests in the election or 

95

removal of LP Elected Directors, and the amount of Limited Partner Interests held by such Person and by any related Group in excess of five percent (5%) in voting power shall not be entitled to vote in the election or removal of LP Elected Directors.

(b) Other Voting Limitations. If any Person acquires or holds Limited Partner Interests in an amount that would result in such Persons owning, controlling or holding, together with the members of any related Group, the power to vote ten percent (10%) or more of the Limited Partner Interests present and actually voted on any matter (provided, however, that the provisions of this Section 13.13(b) shall be given effect after giving effect to Section 13.13(a)), then the voting power of such Person and any related Group (with the voting limitation set forth herein being applied to each member pro rata within such Group) shall be reduced as follows:

(i) If such Person is not the General Partner or any of its Affiliates, then such Person, together with any related Group, shall be entitled to vote not more than 9.99% of such Limited Partner Interests present and actually voted on any matter (including the election or removal of LP Elected Directors), and the amount of Limited Partner Interests held by such Person and by any related Group equaling ten percent (10%) or greater in voting power shall be voted proportionally with all other votes of holders of Limited Partner Interests on such matter.

(ii) If such Person is the General Partner or any of its Affiliates, then such Person, together with any related Group, shall be entitled to vote not more than 9.99% of such Limited Partner Interests present and actually voted in the election or removal of LP Elected Directors, and the amount of Limited Partner Interests held by such Person and by any related Group equaling ten percent (10%) or greater in voting power shall be voted proportionally in the election or removal of LP Elected Directors with all other votes of holders of Limited Partner Interests in the election or removal of LP Elected Directors; provided that this Section 13.13(b)(ii) shall not apply to voting rights on any matter other than the election or removal of LP Elected Directors. 

(c) The incremental voting power voted proportionally pursuant to Section 13.13(b) shall be rounded to the nearest whole Unit (with fractional Units equal to or greater than 0.5 Unit being rounded to the next higher Unit).

Section 13.14 Special Voting Units. Each of the Partners and each other Person who may acquire Partnership Interests agrees that the holders of Special Voting Units shall be entitled to receive notice of, be included in any requisite quora for and participate in any and all approvals, votes or other actions of the Partners on a pro rata basis as, and treating such Persons for all purposes as if they are, Limited Partners holding Common Units, including any and all notices, quora, approvals, votes and other actions that may be taken pursuant to the requirements of the Delaware Act or any other applicable law, rule or regulation, except as otherwise explicitly provided hereunder. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all Special Voting Units voting separately as a class shall be required to alter, amend or repeal this Section 13.14 or to adopt any provision inconsistent therewith.

96

ARTICLE XIV

MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR CONVERSION 

Section 14.1 Authority. The Partnership may merge or consolidate with or into one or more corporations, limited liability companies, statutory trusts or associations, real estate investment trusts, common law trusts or unincorporated businesses, including a partnership (whether general or limited (including a limited liability partnership)) or convert into any such entity, whether such entity is formed under the laws of the State of Delaware or any other state of the United States of America, pursuant to a written plan of merger or consolidation (Merger Agreement) or a written plan of conversion (Plan of Conversion), as the case may be, in accordance with this Article XIV. 

Section 14.2 Procedure for Merger, Consolidation or Conversion. 

(a) Merger, consolidation or conversion of the Partnership pursuant to this Article XIV requires the prior consent of the General Partner, which consent may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion, and approval of the Board of Directors; provided, however, that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the General Partner and the Board of Directors shall have no duty or obligation to consent to any merger, consolidation or conversion of the Partnership and may decline to do so free of any duty or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership or any Limited Partner and, in declining to consent to a merger, consolidation or conversion, shall not be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity, and the General Partner and Board of Directors, in determining whether to consent to any merger, consolidation or conversion of the Partnership, shall be permitted to do so in their sole and absolute discretion. 

(b) If the Board of Directors approves, and if the General Partner shall determine to consent to, the merger or consolidation, the Board of Directors shall authorize the officers of the Partnership to execute, deliver and perform the Merger Agreement, which shall set forth: 

(i) name and state of domicile of each of the business entities proposing to merge or consolidate; 

(ii) the name and state of domicile of the business entity that is to survive the proposed merger or consolidation (the Surviving Business Entity); 

(iii) the terms and conditions of the proposed merger or consolidation; 

(iv) the manner and basis of exchanging or converting the equity securities of each constituent business entity for, or into, cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations of the Surviving Business Entity; and (A) if any general or limited partner interests, securities or rights of any constituent business entity are not to be exchanged or converted solely for, or into, cash, property or general or limited partner interests, rights, securities or obligations of the Surviving Business Entity, the cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations of any general or limited partnership, 

97

corporation, trust, limited liability company, unincorporated business or other entity (other than the Surviving Business Entity) which the holders of such general or limited partner interests, securities or rights are to receive in exchange for, or upon conversion of their interests, securities or rights; and (B) in the case of securities represented by certificates, upon the surrender of such certificates, which cash, property or general or limited partner interests, rights, securities or obligations of the Surviving Business Entity or any general or limited partnership, corporation, trust, limited liability company, unincorporated business or other entity (other than the Surviving Business Entity), or evidences thereof, are to be delivered; 

(v) a statement of any changes in the constituent documents or the adoption of new constituent documents (the articles or certificate of incorporation, articles of trust, declaration of trust, certificate or agreement of limited partnership, operating agreement or other similar charter or governing document) of the Surviving Business Entity to be effected by such merger or consolidation; 

(vi) the effective time of the merger, which may be the date of the filing of the certificate of merger pursuant to Section 14.4 or a later date specified in or determinable in accordance with the Merger Agreement (provided, that if the effective time of the merger is to be later than the date of the filing of such certificate of merger, the effective time shall be fixed at a date or time certain at or prior to the time of the filing of such certificate of merger and stated therein); and 

(vii) such other provisions with respect to the proposed merger or consolidation that the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or appropriate. 

(c) If the Board of Directors approves, and if the General Partner shall determine, in its sole discretion, to consent to, the conversion, the Board of Directors shall authorize the officers of the Partnership to execute, deliver and perform the Plan of Conversion, which shall set forth: 

(i) the name of the converting entity and the converted entity; 

(ii) a statement that the Partnership is continuing its existence in the organizational form of the converted entity; 

(iii) a statement as to the type of entity that the converted entity is to be and the state or country under the laws of which the converted entity is to be incorporated, formed or organized; 

(iv) the manner and basis of exchanging or converting the equity securities of each constituent business entity for, or into, cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations of the converted entity; 

(v) in an attachment or exhibit, the certificate of limited partnership of the Partnership; 

98

(vi) in an attachment or exhibit, the certificate of limited partnership, articles of incorporation or other organizational documents of the converted entity; 

(vii) the effective time of the conversion, which may be the date of the filing of the articles of conversion or a later date specified in or determinable in accordance with the Plan of Conversion (provided, that if the effective time of the conversion is to be later than the date of the filing of such articles of conversion, the effective time shall be fixed at a date or time certain at or prior to the time of the filing of such articles of conversion and stated therein); and 

(viii) such other provisions with respect to the proposed conversion that the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or appropriate. 

Section 14.3 Approval by Limited Partners. Except as provided in Section 14.3(d), the Board of Directors, upon its approval of the Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, shall direct that the Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as applicable, be submitted to a vote of Limited Partners, whether at a special meeting or by written consent, in either case in accordance with the requirements of Article XIII. A copy or a summary of the Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, shall be included in or enclosed with the notice of a special meeting or the written consent and, subject to any applicable requirements of Regulation 14A pursuant to the Exchange Act or successor provision, no other disclosure regarding the proposed merger, consolidation or conversion shall be required. 

(a) Except as provided in Section 14.3(d) and Section 14.3(e), the Merger Agreement or Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, shall be approved upon receiving the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of (i) at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units (including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units and excluding all Units owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates), voting as a separate class, and (ii) at least a majority of (A) the Outstanding Special Voting Units and (B) the Outstanding Common Units (including Series A Preferred Units, as provided in Section 5.8(b)(iii)(A), but excluding all Non-Voting Common Units) owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates, voting together as a single class, unless the Merger Agreement or Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, effects an amendment to any provision of this Agreement that, if contained in an amendment to this Agreement adopted pursuant to Article XIII, would require for its approval the vote or consent of a greater percentage of the Outstanding Units or of any class of Limited Partners, in which case such greater percentage vote or consent shall be required for approval of the Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as the case may be. 

(b) Except as provided in Section 14.3(d) and Section 14.3(e), after such approval by vote or consent of the Limited Partners, and at any time prior to the filing of the certificate of merger or articles of conversion pursuant to Section 14.4, the merger, consolidation or conversion may be abandoned pursuant to provisions therefor, if any, set forth in the Merger Agreement or Plan of Conversion, as the case may be. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything else contained in this Article XIV or in this Agreement, the Partnership is permitted, without Limited Partner approval, to convert the 

99

Partnership or any Group Member into a new limited liability entity, to merge the Partnership or any Group Member into, or convey all of the Partnerships assets to, another limited liability entity that shall be newly formed and shall have no assets, liabilities or operations at the time of such conversion, merger or conveyance other than those it receives from the Partnership or other Group Member if (i) the Partnership has received an Opinion of Counsel that the conversion, merger or conveyance, as the case may be, would not result in the loss of limited liability under the laws of the jurisdiction governing the other limited liability entity (if that jurisdiction is not Delaware) of any Limited Partner as compared to its limited liability under the Delaware Act or cause the Operating Partnership or the Operating Partnerships Subsidiaries to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise to be taxed as an entity for federal income tax purposes (to the extent not previously treated as such), (ii) the sole purpose of such conversion, merger or conveyance is to effect a mere change in the legal form of the Partnership into another limited liability entity and (iii) the Board of Directors determines that the governing instruments of the new entity provide the Limited Partners and the General Partner with substantially the same rights and obligations as are herein contained. 

(d) Additionally, notwithstanding anything else contained in this Article XIV or in this Agreement, the Partnership is permitted, without Limited Partner approval, to merge or consolidate the Partnership with or into another limited liability entity if (i) the Partnership has received an Opinion of Counsel that the merger or consolidation, as the case may be, would not result in the loss of the limited liability of any Limited Partner under the laws of the jurisdiction governing the other limited liability entity (if that jurisdiction is not Delaware) as compared to its limited liability under the Delaware Act or cause the Operating Partnership or the Operating Partnerships Subsidiaries to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise to be taxed as an entity for federal income tax purposes (to the extent not previously treated as such), (ii) the merger or consolidation would not result in an amendment to this Agreement, other than any amendments that could be adopted pursuant to Section 13.1, (iii) the Partnership is the Surviving Business Entity in such merger or consolidation, (iv) each Unit outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the merger or consolidation is to be an identical Unit of the Partnership after the effective date of the merger or consolidation and (v) the number of Partnership Interests to be issued by the Partnership in such merger or consolidation does not exceed twenty percent (20%) of the Partnership Interests Outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of such merger or consolidation. 

(e) Pursuant to Section 17-211(g) of the Delaware Act, an agreement of merger or consolidation approved in accordance with this Article XIV may (i) effect any amendment to this Agreement or (ii) effect the adoption of a new partnership agreement for the Partnership if it is the Surviving Business Entity. Any such amendment or adoption made pursuant to this Section 14.3 shall be effective at the effective time or date of the merger or consolidation. 

Section 14.4 Certificate of Merger or Certificate of Conversion. Upon the required approval by the Board of Directors, the General Partner and the Unitholders of a Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, a certificate of merger or certificate of conversion or other filing, as applicable, shall be executed and filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or the appropriate filing office of any other jurisdiction, as applicable, in conformity with the requirements of the Delaware Act or other applicable law. 

100

Section 14.5 Effect of Merger, Consolidation or Conversion. 

(a) At the effective time of the merger: 

(i) all of the rights, privileges and powers of each of the business entities that has merged or consolidated, and all property, real, personal and mixed, and all debts due to any of those business entities and all other things and causes of action belonging to each of those business entities, shall be vested in the Surviving Business Entity and after the merger or consolidation shall be the property of the Surviving Business Entity to the extent they were of each constituent business entity; 

(ii) the title to any real property vested by deed or otherwise in any of those constituent business entities shall not revert and is not in any way impaired because of the merger or consolidation; 

(iii) all rights of creditors and all liens on or security interests in property of any of those constituent business entities shall be preserved unimpaired; and 

(iv) all debts, liabilities and duties of those constituent business entities shall attach to the Surviving Business Entity and may be enforced against it to the same extent as if the debts, liabilities and duties had been incurred or contracted by it. 

(b) At the effective time of the conversion: 

(i) the Partnership shall continue to exist, without interruption, but in the organizational form of the converted entity rather than in its prior organizational form; 

(ii) all rights, title and interests to all real estate and other property owned by the Partnership shall continue to be owned by the converted entity in its new organizational form without reversion or impairment, without further act or deed, and without any transfer or assignment having occurred, but subject to any existing liens or other encumbrances thereon; 

(iii) all liabilities and obligations of the Partnership shall continue to be liabilities and obligations of the converted entity in its new organizational form without impairment or diminution by reason of the conversion; 

(iv) all rights of creditors or other parties with respect to or against the prior interest holders or other owners of the Partnership in their capacities as such in existence as of the effective time of the conversion will continue in existence as to those liabilities and obligations and may be pursued by such creditors and obligees as if the conversion did not occur; 

(v) a proceeding pending by or against the Partnership or by or against any of Partners in their capacities as such may be continued by or against the converted entity in its new organizational form and by or against the prior partners without any need for substitution of parties; and 

101

(vi) the Partnership Interests that are to be converted into partnership interests, shares, evidences of ownership or other securities in the converted entity as provided in the plan of conversion shall be so converted, and Partners shall be entitled only to the rights provided in the Plan of Conversion. 

ARTICLE XV

PROXY ACCESS FOR DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS

Section 15.1 General. Whenever the Board of Directors solicits proxies with respect to the election of LP Elected Directors at an annual meeting of Limited Partners, subject to the provisions of this Article XV, the Partnership shall include in its proxy statement for such annual meeting, in addition to any natural persons nominated for election as an LP Elected Director by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or the Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership, in accordance with Section 7.1(d)(iii), the name, together with the Required Information (as defined below), of any natural person nominated for election (a Limited Partner Nominee) to the Board of Directors as an LP Elected Director by an Eligible Limited Partner that expressly elects at the time of providing the notice required by this Article XV (the Nomination Notice) to have its nominee included in the Partnerships proxy materials pursuant to this Article XV. Other than any Person included in the Partnerships proxy statement for election as an LP Elected Directors by Eligible Limited Partners in compliance with this Article XV, Limited Partners shall not have any right to nominate candidates for election as Directors. 

Section 15.2 Timely Notice. To be timely, a Limited Partners Nomination Notice must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the Partnership at the principal executive offices of the Partnership not earlier than the opening of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to, and not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day prior to, the first anniversary of the date on which the Partnerships proxy statement for the immediately preceding annual meeting of Limited Partners was made available; provided, however, that, with respect to the annual meeting of Limited Partners held in 2017, a Limited Partners Nomination Notice must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the Partnership at the principal executive offices of the Partnership no later than September 22, 2017, and no earlier than August 23, 2017; provided, further, that, in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is more than thirty (30) days earlier or more than sixty (60) days later than such first anniversary date, to be timely the Nomination Notice must be so received on the later of the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting of Limited Partners or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is first made by the Partnership. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the public announcement thereof commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a Nomination Notice as described above. For purposes of this Section 15.2, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Services, Associated Press or comparable national news service, or in a document publicly filed by the Partnership with the Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or posted on the Partnerships website.

102

Section 15.3 Number of Nominees. The total number of Limited Partner Nominees (including Limited Partner Nominees who were submitted by an Eligible Limited Partner for inclusion in the Partnerships proxy solicitation materials pursuant to this Article XV, but who are subsequently withdrawn or whom the Board of Directors decides to nominate as LP Elected Directors) eligible to appear in the Partnerships proxy materials with respect to an annual meeting of Limited Partners shall not exceed four (4); provided that no Eligible Limited Partner (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Group that collectively constitutes an Eligible Limited Partner in accordance with Section 15.5) shall be entitled to nominate more than two (2) LP Elected Directors. In the event that the number of Limited Partner Nominees submitted by all Eligible Limited Partners pursuant to this Article XV exceeds this maximum number, each Eligible Limited Partner will select one Limited Partner Nominee for inclusion in the Partnerships proxy materials until the maximum number is reached, choosing in order of the amount (largest to smallest) of Units each Eligible Limited Partner disclosed as owned in its respective Nomination Notice submitted to the Partnership and confirmed by the Partnership. If the maximum number is not reached after each Eligible Limited Partner has selected one Limited Partner Nominee, this selection process will continue as many times as necessary, following the same order each time, until the maximum number is reached. In the event that two or more Eligible Limited Partners disclose ownership of the same number of Units, such Eligible Limited Partners will choose in the order of receipt of their respective Nomination Notice by the Secretary of the Partnership.

Section 15.4 Ownership Requirement for Eligibility to Make Nominations. 

(a) For purposes of this Article XV, an Eligible Limited Partner shall be deemed to own only those Outstanding Common Units (including Series A Conversion Units and Common Units that have been issued upon exchange or conversion of Special Voting Units or upon conversion of Non-Voting Common Units) as to which the Limited Partner possesses both (i) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to the Common Units and (ii) the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit and risk of loss on) such Common Units; provided that the number of Common Units calculated in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) shall not include any Common Units (A) sold by such Limited Partner or any of its Affiliates in any transaction that has not been settled or closed, (B) borrowed by such Limited Partner or any of its Affiliates for any purposes or purchased by such Limited Partner or any of its Affiliates pursuant to an agreement to resell or (C) subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale or other derivative or similar agreement entered into by such Limited Partner or any of its Affiliates, whether any such instrument or agreement is to be settled with Common Units or with cash based on the notional amount or value of Common Units, in any such case which instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, the purpose or effect of (1) reducing in any manner, to any extent or at any time in the future, such Limited Partners or any of its Affiliates full right to vote or direct the voting of any such Common Units or (2) hedging, offsetting or altering to any degree gain or loss arising from the full economic interest in such Common Units by such Limited Partner or Affiliate. 

(b) A Limited Partner shall own Units held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as the Limited Partner retains the right to instruct how the Units are voted on all matters, including with respect to the election of LP Elected Directors and possesses the full economic interest in the Units. A persons ownership of Units shall be deemed to 

103

continue during any period in which (i) the person has loaned such Units, provided that the person has the power to recall such loaned Units on five (5) business days notice or (ii) the person has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney or other instrument or arrangement that is revocable at any time by the person. The terms owned, owning and other variations of the word own shall have correlative meanings. Whether Outstanding Units are owned for these purposes shall be determined by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or an officer of the Partnership designated pursuant to Section 15.11, which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Partnership and its Limited Partners, any Limited Partner Nominee and any other person.

Section 15.5 Ownership Amount and Period of Ownership. 

(a) An Eligible Limited Partner must have owned (as ownership is defined above in Section 15.4) the Required Units continuously for the holding period set forth below that is opposite the year in which the applicable annual meeting is to be held, with the final date of such holding period ending as of a date that is at least seven (7) days prior to both (i) the date of the Nomination Notice and (ii) the Record Date for determining Limited Partners entitled to vote with respect to the election of LP Elected Directors at the annual meeting:

Annual Meeting of Limited Partners 

Holding Period

2019 

at least one (1) year;

2020 

at least two (2) years;

2021 and following 

at least three (3) years.

(b) For purposes of satisfying the foregoing ownership requirement under this Article XV, (i) the Common Units owned by one or more Limited Partners, or by the person or persons who own Common Units and on whose behalf any Limited Partner is acting, may be aggregated (provided that the number of Limited Partners and other persons whose ownership of Units may be aggregated for such purpose shall not exceed twenty (20)); (ii) a Group of funds under common management and investment control shall be treated as one Limited Partner or person for this purpose; and (iii) solely for purposes of satisfying the holding periods set forth in Section 15.5(a), (A) Series A Conversion Units shall be deemed to have been owned by such holder since the date on which such Series A Conversion Units were issued, (B) Common Units issued to a holder of Special Voting Units upon conversion or exchange of such Special Voting Units shall be deemed to have been owned by such holder since the date on which such holder first acquired such Special Voting Units so converted or exchanged, and (C) Common Units issued to a holder of Non-Voting Common Units upon conversion of such Non-Voting Common Units shall be deemed to have been owned by such holder since the date on which such holder first acquired such Non-Voting Common Units so converted. No person may be a member of more than one Group of persons constituting an Eligible Limited Partner under this Article XV, and each Group of persons constituting Eligible Limited Partners under this Article XV may not engage in the solicitation of proxies by or on behalf of another Group of persons constituting Eligible Limited Partners under this Article XV. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Group of Limited Partners aggregates ownership of Common Units in order to meet the requirements 

104

under this Article XV, all Common Units held by each Limited Partner constituting its contribution to the Required Units must be held by that Limited Partner continuously for at least the applicable period set forth in Section 15.5(a), and evidence satisfactory to the Partnership of such continuous ownership shall be provided.

(c) Within the time period specified in this Article XV for providing the Nomination Notice, an Eligible Limited Partner (including, for the avoidance of doubt, each Limited Partner that is a member of a Group that collectively constitutes an Eligible Limited Partner) must provide the following information in writing to the Secretary of the Partnership (in a form reasonably to be specified by the Secretary of the Partnership):

(i) one or more written statements from each Record Holder of the Common Units (and from each intermediary through which the Common Units are or have been held during the requisite holding period, as set forth in Section 15.5(a)) verifying that, as of a date within seven (7) days prior to the date of the Nomination Notice, the Eligible Limited Partner owns, and has owned continuously for the preceding requisite holding period, the Required Units, and the Eligible Limited Partners agreement to provide, within five (5) business days after the Record Date for the annual meeting, written statements from the Record Holder and intermediaries verifying the Eligible Limited Partners continuous ownership of the Required Units through the Record Date;

(ii) the written consent of each Limited Partner Nominee to being named in the proxy statement and proxy card as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected, together with the information and representations that would be required to be set forth in a Limited Partners request pursuant to Section 13.4(b);

(iii) a copy of the Schedule 14N (or any successor form or schedule) that has been filed with the Commission as required by Rule 14a-18 under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule or regulation);

(iv) a representation that the Eligible Limited Partner (including each member of any Group of holders of Units that together is an Eligible Limited Partner under this Article XV) (A) acquired the Required Units in the ordinary course of business and not with the intent to change or influence control of the Partnership, and does not presently have such intent, (B) has not nominated and will not nominate for election to the Board of Directors at the annual meeting any person other than the Limited Partner Nominee(s) being nominated pursuant to this Article XV, (C) has not engaged and will not engage in, and has not and will not be a participant in another persons, solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule or regulation), in support of the election of any individual as a director at the annual meeting other than its Limited Partner Nominee or a nominee of the Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership or the Board of Directors, (D) will not distribute to any Limited Partner any form of proxy for the annual meeting other than the form distributed by the Partnership and (E) in the case of a nomination by a Group of Limited Partners that together is an Eligible Limited Partner, the designation by all Group members of one Group member that is authorized to act on behalf of all such members 

105

with respect to the nomination and matters related thereto, including any withdrawal of the nomination; and

(v) an undertaking that the Eligible Limited Partner agrees to (A) own the Required Units through the date of the annual meeting, (B) assume all liability stemming from any legal or regulatory violation arising out of the Eligible Limited Partners communications with the Limited Partners or out of the information that the Eligible Limited Partner provided to the Partnership, (C) indemnify, defend and hold harmless the General Partner, the Partnership and their respective directors, officers, Affiliates and employees individually against any liability, loss or damages in connection with any threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding, whether legal, administrative or investigative, against the General Partner, the Partnership and their respective directors, officers, Affiliates or employees arising out of the Statement or any nomination, solicitation or other activity by the Eligible Limited Partner in connection with its efforts to elect the Limited Partner Nominee pursuant to this Article XV, (D) comply with all other laws and regulations applicable to any solicitation in connection with the annual meeting and (E) provide to the Partnership prior to the annual meeting such additional information as may be necessary or required with respect to (D) above.

Section 15.6 Eligible Limited Partners Statement; Partnerships Statement. The Eligible Limited Partner may provide to the Secretary of the Partnership, at the time the information required by this Article XV is provided, a Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article XV, the Partnership may omit from its proxy materials any information or Statement (or portion thereof) that it, in good faith, believes would violate any applicable law or regulation or be materially misleading or inappropriate. The Partnership may solicit against, and include in the Partnerships proxy statement or any other solicitation materials its own statement opposing or otherwise relating to, any Limited Partner Nominee.

Section 15.7 Nominee Information and Representations. Within the time period specified in this Article XV for delivering the Nomination Notice, a Limited Partner Nominee must deliver to the Secretary of the Partnership, in a form reasonably to be specified by the Secretary of the Partnership, a written representation and agreement that the Limited Partner Nominee (a) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Partnership, will vote or otherwise act on any matter that has not been disclosed to the Partnership or any commitment that could interfere with the nominees ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Partnership, with such persons duties under applicable law and this Agreement, (b) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Partnership with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as an LP Elected Director that has not been disclosed to the Partnership, (c) will act as a representative of all of the Limited Partners while serving as an LP Elected Director, (d) will provide statements and other information in all communications with and by the Partnership that are or will be true and correct in all material respects and shall not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading and (e) will comply with all the Partnerships governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading 

106

policies and guidelines, and any other Partnership policies and guidelines applicable to Directors, as well as any applicable law, rule or regulation or listing standards of the National Securities Exchange upon which the Common Units are listed. At the request of the Partnership, the Limited Partner Nominee must submit all completed and signed questionnaires required of the Partnerships Directors and officers. The Partnership may request such additional information as necessary to permit the Board of Directors, or a committee thereof or an officer of the Partnership designated pursuant to Section 15.11, to determine if each Limited Partner Nominee is independent under the Applicable Independence Standards and otherwise meets the criteria for non-employee directors, as set forth in any applicable policies of the Partnership, which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Partnership and its Limited Partners, any Limited Partner Nominee and any other person. If the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or an officer of the Partnership designated pursuant to Section 15.11 determines that the Limited Partner Nominee is not independent under the Applicable Independence Standards or does not meet the criteria for non-employee directors, as set forth in the applicable policies of the Partnership, the Limited Partner Nominee will not be eligible for inclusion in the Partnerships proxy materials. In the event that any information or communication provided by an Eligible Limited Partner or a Limited Partner Nominee ceases to be true and correct in all material respects or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, each Eligible Limited Partner or Limited Partner Nominee, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the Secretary of the Partnership of all defects in such previously provided information and of the information that is required to correct all such defects.

Section 15.8 Disqualification of Limited Partner Nominees. The Partnership shall not be required to include, pursuant to this Article XV, any Limited Partner Nominee in its proxy materials for any annual meeting (a) if the Eligible Limited Partner who has nominated such Limited Partner Nominee has engaged in or is currently engaged in, or has been or is a participant in another persons, solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule or regulation), in support of the election of any individual as a director at the meeting other than its Limited Partner Nominee(s) or a nominee of the Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership or the Board of Directors, (b) who is not independent under the Applicable Independence Standards, as determined by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or an officer of the Partnership designated pursuant to Section 15.11, which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the General Partner, the Partnership, the Limited Partners, any Limited Partner Nominee and any other person, (c) whose election as a member of the Board of Directors would cause the Partnership to be in violation of this Agreement, the listing standards of the National Securities Exchange upon which the Common Units are listed, or any applicable law, rule or regulation, (d) who is an employee or director of a competitor or significant (or potentially significant) customer, supplier, contractor, counselor or consultant, (e) who is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) or has been convicted in such a criminal proceeding within the past ten (10) years, (f) who is subject to any order, judgment, decree or other disqualification of the type specified in Rule 506(d) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule or regulation), (g) if such Limited Partner Nominee or the applicable Eligible Limited Partner shall have provided information to the Partnership with respect to such nomination that was untrue in any material respect or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, not 

107

misleading, as determined by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or an officer of the Partnership designated pursuant to Section 15.11, which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Partnership and its Partners, any Limited Partner Nominee and any other person, (h) who is a director or officer of any public utility company or other entity regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or the Public Utilities Commission of Texas, (i) whose then-current business or personal interests place the Limited Partner Nominee in a conflict of interest with the Partnership or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or (j) if the Eligible Limited Partner or applicable Limited Partner Nominee otherwise contravenes any of the agreements or representations made by such Eligible Limited Partner or Limited Partner Nominee or otherwise fails to comply with its obligations pursuant to this Article XV.

Section 15.9 Effect of Breach of Agreements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Article XV, the Board of Directors, a committee thereof, an officer of the Partnership designated pursuant Section 15.11 or the person presiding at the meeting shall declare a nomination by an Eligible Limited Partner to be invalid, which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the General Partner, the Partnership, the Limited Partners, any Limited Partner Nominee and any other person, and such nomination shall be disregarded notwithstanding that proxies may have been received by the Partnership that cast votes for the election of such Eligible Limited Partners Limited Partner Nominee(s), if (a) the Limited Partner Nominee(s) or the applicable Eligible Limited Partner shall have breached his or its obligations, agreements or representations contemplated under this Article XV, as determined by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof, an officer of the Partnership designated pursuant to Section 15.11 or the person presiding at the annual meeting of Limited Partners or (b) the Eligible Limited Partner (or a qualified representative thereof) does not appear at the annual meeting of Limited Partners to present any nomination pursuant to this Article XV.

Section 15.10 Obligation to File Soliciting and Communication Materials. The Eligible Limited Partner (including any person who owns Common Units that constitute part of the Eligible Limited Partners ownership for purposes of satisfying Section 15.5) shall file with the Commission any solicitation materials or other communication with the Partnerships Limited Partners relating to the annual meeting at which the Limited Partner Nominee will be nominated, regardless of whether (a) any filing of such materials or other communication is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (or any successor regulation) or (b) any exemption from filing is available for such materials or other communication under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (or any such successor rule or regulation).

Section 15.11 Authority for Implementation. Any determination to be made with respect to the satisfaction of any term or condition of this Article XV, or the resolution of any dispute with respect thereto, shall be made by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or any officer designated by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, and any such determination or resolution shall be final and binding on the Partnership, any Eligible Limited Partner, any Limited Partner Nominee and any other Person so long as made in good faith (without any further requirements). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the Board of Directors determines that the effect of the requirements set forth in Article XV with respect to a particular annual meeting of Limited Partners, or any other aspect of an annual meeting of Limited Partners, is such that it is reasonably likely that no two holders of Common Units acting individually (and no two separate Groups of such holders) could each qualify as an Eligible 

108

Limited Partner, then the Board of Directors shall waive or modify such requirements with respect to such annual meeting of Limited Partners to make it reasonably likely, as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith, that at least two holders of Common Units (or at least two Groups of such holders) could each qualify as an Eligible Limited Partner for the relevant annual meeting of Limited Partners. The person presiding at the annual meeting of Limited Partners, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting, shall have the power and duty to determine whether a Limited Partner Nominee has been nominated in accordance with the provisions of this Article XV and, if not so nominated, shall direct and declare at the meeting that such Limited Partner Nominee shall not be considered for election as an LP Elected Director at the meeting.

ARTICLE XVI

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

Section 16.1 Addresses and Notices; Written Communications. 

(a) Any notice, demand, request, report or proxy materials required or permitted to be given or made to a Partner under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given or made when delivered in person or when sent by first class United States mail or by other means of written communication to the Partner at the address described below. Except as otherwise provided herein, any notice, payment or report to be given or made to a Partner hereunder shall be deemed conclusively to have been given or made, and the obligation to give such notice or report or to make such payment shall be deemed conclusively to have been fully satisfied, upon sending of such notice, payment or report to the Record Holder of such Partnership Interests at his address as shown in the Register, regardless of any claim of any Person who may have an interest in such Partnership Interests by reason of any assignment or otherwise. An affidavit or certificate of making of any notice, payment or report in accordance with the provisions of this Section 16.1 executed by the Partnership, the Transfer Agent or the mailing organization shall be prima facie evidence of the giving or making of such notice, payment or report. If any notice, payment or report addressed to a Record Holder at the address of such Record Holder appearing in the Register is returned by the United States Postal Service marked to indicate that the United States Postal Service is unable to deliver it, such notice, payment or report and any subsequent notices, payments and reports shall be deemed to have been duly given or made without further mailing (until such time as such Record Holder or another Person notifies the Transfer Agent or the Partnership of a change in his address) if they are available for the Partner at the principal office of the Partnership for a period of one year from the date of the giving or making of such notice, payment or report to the other Partners. Any notice to the Partnership shall be deemed given if received by the Partnership at the principal office of the Partnership designated pursuant to Section 2.3; provided that when a different notice address is provided herein, such notice shall be deemed given if received at such other address. The Partnership may rely and shall be protected in relying on any notice or other document from a Partner or other Person if believed by it to be genuine. 

(b) The terms in writing, written communications, written notice and words of similar import shall be deemed satisfied under this Agreement by use of e-mail and other forms of electronic communication. 

109

(c) Further Action. The parties shall execute and deliver all documents, provide all information and take or refrain from taking action as may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the purposes of this Agreement. 

Section 16.2 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns. 

Section 16.3 Integration. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings pertaining thereto. 

Section 16.4 Creditors. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit of, or shall be enforceable by, any creditor of the Partnership. 

Section 16.5 Waiver. No failure by any party to insist upon the strict performance of any covenant, duty, agreement or condition of this Agreement or to exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach thereof shall constitute waiver of any such breach of any other covenant, duty, agreement or condition. 

Section 16.6 Third-Party Beneficiaries. Each Partner agrees that (a) any Indemnitee shall be entitled to assert rights and remedies hereunder as a third-party beneficiary hereto with respect to those provisions of this Agreement affording a right, benefit or privilege to such Indemnitee and (b) any Unrestricted Person shall be entitled to assert rights and remedies hereunder as a third-party beneficiary hereto with respect to those provisions of this Agreement affording a right, benefit or privilege to such Unrestricted Person. 

Section 16.7 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute an agreement binding on all the parties hereto, notwithstanding that all such parties are not signatories to the original or the same counterpart. Each party shall become bound by this Agreement immediately upon affixing its signature hereto or, in the case of a Person acquiring a Limited Partner Interest, pursuant to Section 10.1(a) without execution hereof. 

Section 16.8 Applicable Law; Forum; Venue and Jurisdiction; Waiver of Trial by Jury. 

(a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law. 

(b) Each of the Partners and each Person or Group holding any beneficial interest in the Partnership (whether through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation or an agent of any of the foregoing or otherwise): 

(i) irrevocably agrees that any claims, suits, actions or proceedings (A) arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement (including any claims, suits or actions to interpret, apply or enforce the provisions of this Agreement or the duties, obligations or liabilities among Partners or of Partners to the Partnership, or the rights or 

110

powers of, or restrictions on, the Partners or the Partnership), (B) brought in a derivative manner on behalf of the Partnership, (C) asserting a claim of breach of a duty (including a fiduciary duty) owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Partnership or the General Partner, or owed by the General Partner, to the Partnership or the Partners, (D) asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware Act or (E) asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, in each case regardless of whether such claims, suits, actions or proceedings sound in contract, tort, fraud or otherwise, are based on common law, statutory, equitable, legal or other grounds, or are derivative or direct claims; 

(ii) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware in connection with any such claim, suit, action or proceeding; 

(iii) agrees not to, and waives any right to, assert in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding that (A) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or of any other court to which proceedings in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware may be appealed, (B) such claim, suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or (C) the venue of such claim, suit, action or proceeding is improper; 

(iv) expressly waives any requirement for the posting of a bond by a party bringing such claim, suit, action or proceeding; and 

(v) consents to process being served in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding by mailing, certified mail, return receipt requested, a copy thereof to such party at the address in effect for notices hereunder, and agrees that such services shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof; provided, nothing in clause (v) hereof shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

Section 16.9 Invalidity of Provisions. If any provision or part of a provision of this Agreement is or becomes for any reason, invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions, or parts thereof, contained herein shall not be affected thereby and this Agreement shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be reformed and construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision, or part of a provision, had never been contained herein, and any such provision or part shall be reformed so that it would be valid, legal and enforceable to the maximum extent possible. 

Section 16.10 Consent of Partners. Each Partner hereby expressly consents and agrees that, whenever in this Agreement it is specified that an action may be taken upon the affirmative vote or consent of less than all of the Partners, such action may be so taken upon the concurrence of less than all of the Partners and each Partner shall be bound by the results of such action. 

Section 16.11 Facsimile and Email Signatures. The use of facsimile signatures and signatures delivered by email in portable document (.pdf) or similar format affixed in the name 

111

and on behalf of the Transfer Agent of the Partnership on certificates representing Common Units or Non-Voting Common Units is expressly permitted by this Agreement. 

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.]

112

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

GENERAL PARTNER

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS GP, INC.

By: REBECCA J. KUJAWA

Name: Rebecca J. Kujawa

Title: President

[Signature Page to Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership]

EXHIBIT A

to the Sixth Amended and Restated

Agreement of Limited Partnership of

XPLR Infrastructure, LP 

Certificate Evidencing Common Units

Representing Limited Partner Interests in

XPLR Infrastructure, LP 

No. Common Units 

In accordance with Section 4.1 of the Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure, LP (formerly known as NextEra Energy Partners, LP), as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time (thePartnership Agreement), XPLR Infrastructure, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), hereby certifies that (the Holder) is the registered owner of Common Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the Common Units) transferable on the books of the Partnership, in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed. The rights, preferences and limitations of the Common Units are set forth in, and this Certificate and the Common Units represented hereby are issued and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and provisions of, the Partnership Agreement. Copies of the Partnership Agreement are on file at, and will be furnished without charge on delivery of written request to the Partnership at, the principal office of the Partnership located at 700 Universe Boulevard, Juno Beach, Florida 33408. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings given them in the Partnership Agreement. 

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP (FORMERLY KNOWN AS NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP) THAT THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IF SUCH TRANSFER (AS DEFINED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT) WOULD (A) VIOLATE THE THEN APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY WITH JURISDICTION OVER SUCH TRANSFER OR (B) TERMINATE THE EXISTENCE OR QUALIFICATION OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE. THIS SECURITY MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON ITS TRANSFER PROVIDED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. COPIES OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED AT NO COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS SECURITY TO THE SECRETARY OF THE GENERAL PARTNER AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE PARTNERSHIP. THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH ABOVE SHALL NOT PRECLUDE THE SETTLEMENT OF ANY TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THIS SECURITY ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE FACILITIES OF ANY NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE ON WHICH THIS SECURITY IS LISTED OR ADMITTED TO TRADING. 

Exhibit A - 1

The Holder, by accepting this Certificate, is deemed to have (i) requested admission as, and agreed to become, a Limited Partner and to have agreed to comply with and be bound by and to have executed the Partnership Agreement, (ii) represented and warranted that the Holder has all right, power and authority and, if an individual, the capacity necessary to enter into the Partnership Agreement and (iii) made the waivers and given the consents and approvals contained in the Partnership Agreement. 

This Certificate shall not be valid for any purpose unless it has been countersigned and registered by the Transfer Agent. This Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware 

Dated: XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP

By: XPLR Infrastructure Partners GP, Inc.

By: 

By: 

Countersigned and Registered by: 

Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

as Transfer Agent and Registrar 

By: 

Authorized Signature

Exhibit A - 2

[Reverse of Certificate] 

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this Certificate, shall be construed as follows according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COMas tenants in common UNIF GIFT TRANSFERS MIN ACT

TEN ENTas tenants by the entireties Custodian 

(Cust) (Minor)

JT TENas joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common

Additional abbreviations, though not in the above list, may also be used. 

Exhibit A - 3

ASSIGNMENT OF COMMON UNITS OF

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, hereby assigns, conveys, sells and transfers unto

(Please print or typewrite name and address of assignee) (Please insert Social Security or other identifying number of assignee)

Common Units representing limited partner interests evidenced by this Certificate, subject to the Partnership Agreement, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution to transfer the same on the books of XPLR Infrastructure, LP. 

Date: NOTE: The signature to any endorsement hereon must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this Certificate in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or change.

(Signature)

(Signature)

THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM), PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15 

No transfer of the Common Units evidenced hereby will be registered on the books of the Partnership, unless the Certificate evidencing the Common Units to be transferred is surrendered for registration or transfer. 

Exhibit A - 4

EXHIBIT B

to the Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of

Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure, LP 

Certificate Evidencing Series A Preferred Units

Representing Limited Partner Interests in

XPLR Infrastructure, LP 

No. _________________________ Series A Preferred Units _________________

In accordance with Section 4.1 of the Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure, LP (formerly known as NextEra Energy Partners, LP), as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time (the Partnership Agreement), XPLR Infrastructure, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), hereby certifies that _______________ (the Holder) is the registered owner of Series A Preferred Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the Series A Preferred Units) transferable on the books of the Partnership, in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed, subject to certain restrictions. The rights, preferences and limitations of the Series A Preferred Units are set forth in, and this Certificate and the Series A Preferred Units represented hereby are issued and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and provisions of, the Partnership Agreement. Copies of the Partnership Agreement are on file at, and will be furnished without charge on delivery of written request to the Partnership at, the principal office of the Partnership located at 700 Universe Boulevard, Juno Beach, Florida 33408. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings given them in the Partnership Agreement. 

THE SERIES A PREFERRED UNITS (ALSO REFERRED TO AS THIS SECURITY) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THE SERIES A PREFERRED UNITS MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF A REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES UNDER SUCH ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION THEREUNDER AND, IN THE CASE OF A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP (FORMERLY KNOWN AS NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP) HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR SUCH OTHER DOCUMENTATION SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT.

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP THAT THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IF SUCH TRANSFER (AS DEFINED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT) WOULD (A) VIOLATE THE THEN APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY WITH JURISDICTION OVER SUCH TRANSFER; (B) TERMINATE THE EXISTENCE OR QUALIFICATION OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE; OR (C) VIOLATE THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS TO WHICH THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 5.8 AND 4.7 OF THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OR SECTION 5.4 OF THE SERIES A PREFERRED UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED JUNE 20, 2017. THIS SECURITY MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON ITS TRANSFER PROVIDED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. COPIES OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED AT NO COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS SECURITY TO THE SECRETARY OF THE GENERAL PARTNER AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE PARTNERSHIP. 

Exhibit B - 1

The Holder, by accepting this Certificate, is deemed to have (i) requested admission as, and agreed to become, a Limited Partner and to have agreed to comply with and be bound by and to have executed the Partnership Agreement, (ii) represented and warranted that the Holder has all right, power and authority and, if an individual, the capacity necessary to enter into the Partnership Agreement, and (iii) made the waivers and given the consents and approvals contained in the Partnership Agreement. 

Exhibit B - 2

This Certificate shall not be valid for any purpose unless it has been countersigned and registered by the Transfer Agent. This Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 

Dated: _____________________________ XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP

By: XPLR Infrastructure Partners GP, Inc., its General Partner

By: ________________________________

By: ________________________________

Countersigned and Registered by: 

Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 

as Transfer Agent and Registrar 

By: ________________________________ 

Authorized Signature 

[Reverse of Certificate]

ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this Certificate, shall be construed as follows according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COM-as tenants in common UNIF GIFT TRANSFERS MIN ACT

TEN ENT-as tenants by the entireties Custodian

(Cust) (Minor)

JT TEN-as joint tenants with right of survivorship under Uniform Gifts/Transfers to CD Minors Act (State) and not as tenants in common.

Additional abbreviations, though not in the above list, may also be used.

Exhibit B - 3

ASSIGNMENT OF SERIES A PREFERRED UNITS OF

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, hereby assigns, conveys, sells and transfers unto

______________________________________ 

______________________________________ 

______________________________________ ________________________________________

(Please print or typewrite name and address of assignee) (Please insert Social Security or other identifying number of assignee)

_____________ Series A Preferred Units representing limited partner interests evidenced by this Certificate, subject to the Partnership Agreement, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint _________________ as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution to transfer the same on the books of XPLR Infrastructure, LP. 

Date: NOTE: The signature to any endorsement hereon must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this Certificate in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or change.

__________________________________________________________________

(Signature)

__________________________________________________________________

(Signature)

THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM), PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15 .

No transfer of the Series A Preferred Units evidenced hereby will be registered on the books of the Partnership, unless the Certificate evidencing the Series A Preferred Units to be transferred is surrendered for registration or transfer.

Exhibit B - 4

EXHIBIT C

to the Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of

Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure, LP 

Restrictions on Transfer of Series A Preferred Units

THE SERIES A PREFERRED UNITS (ALSO REFERRED TO AS THIS SECURITY) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THE SERIES A PREFERRED UNITS MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF A REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES UNDER SUCH ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION THEREUNDER AND, IN THE CASE OF A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP (FORMERLY KNOWN AS NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP) HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR SUCH OTHER DOCUMENTATION SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT.

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP THAT THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IF SUCH TRANSFER (AS DEFINED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT) WOULD (A) VIOLATE THE THEN APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY WITH JURISDICTION OVER SUCH TRANSFER; (B) TERMINATE THE EXISTENCE OR QUALIFICATION OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE; OR (C) VIOLATE THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS TO WHICH THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 5.8 AND 4.7 OF THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OR SECTION 5.4 OF THE SERIES A PREFERRED UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED JUNE 20, 2017. THIS SECURITY MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON ITS TRANSFER PROVIDED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. COPIES OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED AT NO COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS SECURITY TO THE SECRETARY OF THE GENERAL PARTNER AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE PARTNERSHIP. 

Exhibit C - 1

EXHIBIT D

to the Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of

Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure, LP 

Certificate Evidencing Non-Voting Common Units

Representing Limited Partner Interests in

XPLR Infrastructure, LP 

No. _________________________ Non-Voting Common Units _________________

In accordance with Section 4.1 of the Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure, LP (formerly known as NextEra Energy Partners, LP), as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time (the Partnership Agreement), XPLR Infrastructure, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), hereby certifies that _______________ (the Holder) is the registered owner of Non-Voting Common Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the Non-Voting Common Units) transferable on the books of the Partnership, in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed, subject to certain restrictions. The rights, preferences and limitations of the Non-Voting Common Units are set forth in, and this Certificate and the Non-Voting Common Units represented hereby are issued and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and provisions of, the Partnership Agreement. Copies of the Partnership Agreement are on file at, and will be furnished without charge on delivery of written request to the Partnership at, the principal office of the Partnership located at 700 Universe Boulevard, Juno Beach, Florida 33408. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings given them in the Partnership Agreement.

THE NON-VOTING COMMON UNITS (ALSO REFERRED TO AS THIS SECURITY) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THE NON-VOTING COMMON UNITS MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF A REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES UNDER SUCH ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION THEREUNDER AND, IN THE CASE OF A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP (FORMERLY KNOWN AS NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP) HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR SUCH OTHER DOCUMENTATION SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT.

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP THAT THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IF SUCH TRANSFER (AS DEFINED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT) WOULD (A) VIOLATE THE THEN APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY WITH JURISDICTION OVER SUCH TRANSFER; (B) TERMINATE THE EXISTENCE OR QUALIFICATION OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE; OR (C) VIOLATE THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS TO WHICH THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT PURSUANT TO SECTION 4.7 OF THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. THIS SECURITY MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON ITS TRANSFER PROVIDED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. COPIES OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED AT NO COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS SECURITY TO THE SECRETARY OF THE GENERAL PARTNER AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE PARTNERSHIP. 

Exhibit D - 1

The Holder, by accepting this Certificate, is deemed to have (i) requested admission as, and agreed to become, a Limited Partner and to have agreed to comply with and be bound by and to have executed the Partnership Agreement, (ii) represented and warranted that the Holder has all right, power and authority and, if an individual, the capacity necessary to enter into the Partnership Agreement, and (iii) made the waivers and given the consents and approvals contained in the Partnership Agreement. 

Ex D-2

This Certificate shall not be valid for any purpose unless it has been countersigned and registered by the Transfer Agent. This Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 

Dated: _____________________________ XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP

By: XPLR Infrastructure Partners GP, Inc., its General Partner

By: ________________________________

By: ________________________________

Countersigned and Registered by: 

Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 

as Transfer Agent and Registrar 

By: ________________________________ 

Authorized Signature 

[Reverse of Certificate]

ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this Certificate, shall be construed as follows according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COM-as tenants in common UNIF GIFT TRANSFERS MIN ACT

TEN ENT-as tenants by the entireties Custodian

(Cust) (Minor)

JT TEN-as joint tenants with right of survivorship under Uniform Gifts/Transfers to CD Minors Act (State) and not as tenants in common.

Additional abbreviations, though not in the above list, may also be used.

Ex D-3

ASSIGNMENT OF NON-VOTING COMMON UNITS OF

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, hereby assigns, conveys, sells and transfers unto

______________________________________ 

______________________________________ 

______________________________________ ________________________________________

(Please print or typewrite name and address of assignee) (Please insert Social Security or other identifying number of assignee)

_____________ Non-Voting Common Units representing limited partner interests evidenced by this Certificate, subject to the Partnership Agreement, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint _________________ as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution to transfer the same on the books of XPLR Infrastructure, LP. 

Date: NOTE: The signature to any endorsement hereon must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this Certificate in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or change.

__________________________________________________________________

(Signature)

__________________________________________________________________

(Signature)

THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM), PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15 .

No transfer of the Non-Voting Common Units evidenced hereby will be registered on the books of the Partnership, unless the Certificate evidencing the Non-Voting Common Units to be transferred is surrendered for registration or transfer.

Ex D-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit32toxplrdated01x23x.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 3.2

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

TO

CERTIFICATE OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

OF

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP

THIS Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership of NextEra Energy Partners, LP (the Partnership), dated as of January 23, 2025, has been duly executed and is being filed by the undersigned, as the general partner of the Partnership, in accordance with the provisions of 6 Del. C. 17-202, to amend the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, which was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 6, 2014 (as heretofore amended, the Certificate).

1. Name. The name of the limited partnership is NextEra Energy Partners, LP.

2. Amendments. 

(a) Article First of the Certificate is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

First: The name of the limited partnership is XPLR Infrastructure, LP.

(b) Article Third of the Certificate is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

Third: The name and mailing address of each general partner is as follows:

XPLR Infrastructure Partners GP, Inc.

700 Universe Blvd.

Juno Beach, FL 33408

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as of the date first-above written.

GENERAL PARTNER

XPLR Infrastructure Partners GP, Inc.

By: REBECCA J. KUJAWA

Name: Rebecca J. Kujawa

Title: President

State of Delaware

Secretary of State

Division of Corporations

Delivered 04:09 PM 01/23/2025

FILED: 04:10 PM 01/23/2025

SR 20250233334 - File Number 5487550
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit33toxplrdated01x23x.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.3
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 3.3

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS GP, INC.

The corporation was incorporated under the name NextEra Energy Partners GP, Inc. by the filing of its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 6, 2014. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation, which restates, integrates and amends (but only to the extent permitted under Sections 242(a)(1) and (7) and 242(b)(1) of the Delaware General Corporation Law) the provisions of the corporation's Certificate of Incorporation, was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The board of directors of the corporation has duly adopted this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation without a vote of stockholders pursuant to and in accordance with Sections 242(b)(1) and 245 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation is hereby amended (as permitted under Sections 242(a)(1) and (7) and 242(b)(1) of the Delaware General Corporation Law), integrated and restated to read in its entirety as follows:

ARTICLE I

The name of the corporation is XPLR Infrastructure Partners GP, Inc. (the Corporation).

ARTICLE II

The address of the Corporations registered office in the state of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE III

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

ARTICLE IV

The aggregate number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share.

State of Delaware

Secretary of State

Division of Corporations

Delivered 04/09 PM 01/23/2025

FILED 04:09 PM 01/23/2025

SR 20250233318 - File Number 5493921

ARTICLE V

Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation. The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI

No director of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. Any amendment, modification or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal.

ARTICLE VII

In furtherance and not in limitation of the power conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VIII

The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provisions contained in this Certificate, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed to by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other person herein are granted subject to this reservation.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be executed by its duly authorized officer on January 23, 2025.

REBECCA J. KUJAWA

Name: Rebecca J. Kujawa

Title: President

\\4136-4904-8149 v6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exhibit34toxplrdated01x23x.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.4
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 3.4

AMENDED & RESTATED BYLAWS 

OF 

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS GP, INC. 

ARTICLE I. MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDER

Section 1 Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the stockholder for the election of directors and the transaction of any other business shall be held on such date and at such time and in such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designed by the Board of Directors. 

Section 2 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholder may be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President, the Board of Directors, or as otherwise provided by law.

Section 3 Action without a Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at a stockholders meeting, may be taken without a meeting, by a consent in writing setting forth the action to be taken and signed by the stockholder.

ARTICLE II. DIRECTORS

Section 1 General Powers. Except as provided in the Corporations amended and restated certificate of incorporation as then in effect (as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to such powers as are herein and in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation expressly conferred upon it, the Board of Directors shall have and may exercise all the power of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the laws of Delaware, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws. 

Section 2 Number and Qualifications. The Board of Directors shall consist initially of such number of directors as is set forth in the Written Consent of Sole Incorporator, and thereafter shall consist of such number as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. The directors need not be stockholders. 

Section 3 Election and Term. At each annual meeting, the stockholder shall elect directors to hold office for a term of one year or until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, retirement, removal from office or death. 

1

\\4130-4664-1237 v2

Section 4 Vacancies. Any vacancy among the directors, occurring from any cause whatsoever, may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum of directors. Any person elected to fill a vacancy shall hold office only until the next election of directors by the stockholder.

Section 5 Regular Meetings. The Board of Directors shall hold an annual meeting for the purpose of organization and the transaction of any business immediately after the annual meeting of the stockholder, provided a quorum of directors is present. Other regular meetings may be held at such times as may be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Section 6 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if any, or by a majority of directors. 

Section 7 Notice and Place of Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held without notice at the location of and immediately after the annual stockholders meeting in each year, and at such other time and place, as may be determined by the Board of Directors. Notice of the time and place of special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be given to each director either personally, by telephone, by mail, by telecopy or by other means of electronic transmission, at least two days prior to the meeting (notice by mail shall be deemed delivered three days after deposit in the U.S. mail).

Notice of a meeting of the Board of Directors need not be given to any director who signs a waiver of notice either before or after the meeting. Attendance of a director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting and waiver of any and all objections to the place of the meeting, the time of the meeting or the manner in which it has been called or convened, except when a director states, at the beginning of the meeting, any objection to the transaction of business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting.

Members of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting of such Board by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation by such means shall constitute presence in person at a meeting. 

Meetings of the board of directors shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, or if such position is vacant or such person is absent, by the lead director (if such a position shall have been duly established by the Board of Directors), or, if such position is vacant or such person is absent, by the Chief Executive Officer designated as such by the Board of Directors pursuant to Article III, Section 1 of these Bylaws. If 

2

\\4130-4664-1237 v2

none of the Chairman of the Board, the lead director or the Chief Executive Officer is present, the directors shall elect a chairman for the meeting from one of their members present.

Section 8 Quorum. A majority of the Board of Directors at any time in office shall constitute a quorum. At any meeting at which a quorum is present, the vote of a majority of the members present shall be the act of the Board of Directors unless the act of a greater number is specifically required by law, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. The members of the Board of Directors shall act only as the Board of Directors and the individual members thereof shall not have any powers as such. 

Section 9 Committees. From time to time the Board of Directors by a resolution adopted by a majority of the entire Board may designate from among its members any committee or committees for any purpose or purposes, to the extent lawful, which shall have powers and perform such duties as shall be determined and specified by the Board of Directors in the resolution of appointment. Subject to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, any member of such a committee may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors. Any vacancy in a committee occurring from any cause whatsoever may be filled by the Board of Directors. 

Section 10 Action Without a Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 

ARTICLE III. OFFICERS

Section 1 Types. The officers of the Corporation may consist of a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other officers as the Board of Directors may determine from time to time. The Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall be either the Chairman of the Board or the President as determined by the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board and the President of the Corporation shall each have the authority to appoint one or more Assistant Treasurers, Assistant Controllers and Assistant Secretaries.

Section 2 Appointment and Term. The officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the Board of Directors or by a duly appointed officer authorized to appoint officers. Each officer shall hold office until the first Board of Directors meeting 

3

\\4130-4664-1237 v2

immediately following the annual stockholders meeting next occurring after his or her appointment to office and until his or her successor shall have been appointed or until his or her earlier resignation, retirement, removal from office or death.

Section 3 Duties. All officers of the Corporation shall have such authority and shall perform such duties as generally pertain to their respective offices and shall have such additional authority and perform such additional duties as may from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 4 Removal of Officers. Any officer may be removed by the Board of Directors at any time with or without cause. Any officer appointed by the Chief Executive Officer or the President may be removed by either the Chief Executive Officer or the President at any time with or without cause.

ARTICLE IV. STOCK CERTIFICATES

Section 1 Issue of Certificates of Stock. The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by Certificates. Every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the Corporation by the President or a Vice President and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares owned by such holder in the Corporation. Any of or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer at the date of issue.

Section 2. Lost, Destroyed and Mutilated Certificates. The holder of any stock of the Corporation shall immediately notify the Corporation of any loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of the certificates therefor. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Board of Directors may, in its discretion, require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or the owners legal representatives, to give the Corporation a bond, in such sum not exceeding double the value of the stock and with such surety or sureties as they may require, to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it by reason of the issue of such new certificate and against all other liability in the premises, or may remit such owner to such remedy or remedies as such owner may have under the laws of the State of Delaware. 

ARTICLE V. DIVIDENDS

The Board of Directors shall have power to fix and vary the amount to be set aside or reserved as working capital of the Corporation, or as reserves, or for other proper 

4

\\4130-4664-1237 v2

purposes of the Corporation, and, subject to the requirements of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to determine whether any part of the surplus or net profits of the Corporation, if any, shall be declared as dividends and paid to the stockholder, and to fix the date or dates for the payment of dividends. 

ARTICLE VI. INDEMNIFICATION/ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES

Section 1. Right to Indemnification. The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent authorized by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than permitted prior to such amendment), any person (a Covered Person) who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to, or was or is called as a witness, or was or is otherwise involved in, any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving, at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys fees) reasonably incurred by such Covered Person.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, except with respect to indemnification specified in Section 3 of this Article VI, the Corporation shall indemnify a Covered Person in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if authorization for such Proceeding (or part thereof) was not denied by the Board of Directors of the Corporation prior to 60 days after receipt of notice thereof from such person.

Section 2. Expenses. Expenses, including attorneys' fees, incurred by a Covered Person in defending or otherwise being involved in a Proceeding in connection with his or her status as a Covered Person shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding, including any appeal therefrom, (i) in the case of (A) a director or officer, or former director or officer, of the Corporation or (B) a director, officer or other employee, or former director, officer or other employee, of the Corporation serving as a trustee or fiduciary of any employee benefit plan of the Corporation, upon receipt of an undertaking ("Undertaking") by or on behalf of such person to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation; or (ii) in the case of any other Covered Person, upon such terms and as the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the President of the Corporation deems appropriate.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person, except a Proceeding authorized by Section 3 of this Article VI, 

5

\\4130-4664-1237 v2

the Corporation shall pay said expenses in advance of final disposition only if authorization for such Proceeding (or part thereof) was not denied by the Board of Directors of the Corporation prior to 60 days after receipt of a request for such advancement accompanied by an Undertaking.

A person to whom expenses are advanced pursuant to this Section 2 shall not be obligated to repay such expenses pursuant to an Undertaking until the final determination of any pending Proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction concerning the right of such person to be indemnified or the obligation of such person to repay pursuant to such Undertaking.

Section 3. Protection of Rights. If a claim for indemnification under Section 1 of this Article VI is not promptly paid in full by the Corporation after a written claim has been received by the Corporation or if expenses pursuant to Section 2 of this Article VI have not been promptly advanced after a written request for such advancement accompanied by an Undertaking has been received by the Corporation (in each case, except if authorization thereof was denied by the Board of Directors of the Corporation as provided in Article VI, Section 1 and Section 2, as applicable), the Covered Person may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim or the advancement of expenses. If successful, in whole or in part, in such suit, such Covered Person shall also be entitled to be paid the reasonable expense thereof. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required Undertaking has been tendered to the Corporation) that indemnification of the Covered Person is prohibited by law, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholder) to have made a determination, if required, prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the Covered Person is proper in the circumstances, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholder) that indemnification of the Covered Person is prohibited, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that indemnification of the Covered Person is prohibited. 

Section 4. Miscellaneous.

(A) Power to Request Service and to Grant Indemnification. The Chairman of the Board or the President or the Board of Directors may request any director, officer, agent or employee of the Corporation to serve as its representative in the position of a director or officer (or in a substantially similar capacity) of an entity or enterprise other than the Corporation, and may grant to such person indemnification by the Corporation as described in Section 1 of this Article VI.

(B) Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights conferred on any person by this Article VI shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such person may have or 

6

\\4130-4664-1237 v2

hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, bylaw, agreement, vote of the stockholder or disinterested directors or otherwise. The Board of Directors shall have the authority, by resolution, to provide for such indemnification of employees or agents of the Corporation or others and for such other indemnification of directors, officers, employees or agents as it shall deem appropriate.

(C) Insurance Contracts and Funding. The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of or person serving in any other capacity with, the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (including serving as a trustee or fiduciary of any employee benefit plan) against any expenses, liabilities or losses, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expenses, liabilities or losses under the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Corporation may enter into contracts with any director, officer, agent or employee of the Corporation in furtherance of the provisions of this Article VI, and may create a trust fund, grant a security interest or use other means (including, without limitation, a letter of credit) to ensure the payment of such amounts as may be necessary to effect the advancing of expenses and indemnification as provided in this Article VI.

(D) Contractual Nature. The provisions of this Article VI shall continue in effect as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, agent or employee and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such person. This Article VI shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and each person who, at any time that this Article VI is in effect, serves or served in any capacity which entitles him or her to indemnification hereunder and any repeal or other modification of this Article VI or any repeal or modification of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or any other applicable law shall not limit any rights of indemnification with respect to Proceedings in connection with which he or she is a Covered Person, or advancement of expenses in connection with such Proceedings, then existing or arising out of events, acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification, including without limitation, the right to indemnification for Proceedings, and advancement of expenses with respect to such Proceedings, commenced after such repeal or modification to enforce this Article VI with regard to Proceedings arising out of acts, omissions or events arising prior to such repeal or modification.

(E) Savings Clause. If this Article VI or any portion hereof shall be invalidated or held to be unenforceable on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, the decision of which shall not have been reversed on appeal, the Corporation shall nevertheless (1) indemnify each Covered Person as to costs, charges and expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and (2) advance expenses in accordance with Section 2 of this Article VI, in each case with respect to any Proceeding in connection with which he or she is a Covered Person, including an action by or in the right of the Corporation, to the fullest 

7

\\4130-4664-1237 v2

extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article VI that shall not have been invalidated or held to be unenforceable and as permitted by applicable law.

ARTICLE VII. ACTION WITH RESPECT TO 

SECURITIES OF OTHER ENTITIES

Except as otherwise directed by the Board of Directors, the President, any Vice President and the Treasurer shall each have the power to vote and to otherwise act on behalf of the Corporation, in person or by proxy, at any meeting of holders, or with respect to any action of holders, of any other domestic or foreign corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity in which the Corporation may hold securities, membership or other ownership interests and otherwise to exercise any and all rights and powers that the Corporation may possess by reason of its ownership of securities or interests in such other entity, and to dispose of such securities or interests. The Board of Directors may from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons. 

ARTICLE VIII. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 

Section 1. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on January 1st of each year and end on December 31st of that year, or such other period as the Board of Directors may fix by resolution. 

Section 2. Corporate Seal. The corporate seal shall be in such form as approved by the Board of Directors and may be altered by the Board of Directors as necessary. The corporate seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. 

Section 3. Use of Electronic Transmission. The Corporation is authorized to use electronic transmissions as defined in the Delaware General Corporation Law to the full extent allowed, including, but not limited to, for purposes of notices, proxies, waivers, resignations, and any other purpose for which electronic transmissions are permitted.

ARTICLE IX. AMENDMENTS

The Board of Directors shall have the power to make, rescind, alter, amend and repeal these Bylaws. The stockholder may make additional bylaws and may alter and repeal any bylaws whether adopted by it or otherwise.

ADOPTED JANUARY 23, 2025

8

\\4130-4664-1237 v2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exhibit101toxplrdated01x23.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT

This AMENDMENT NO. 2 (this Amendment No. 2) to the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2020 (as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 16, 2021, and as may be further amended from time to time, the LLC Agreement), of Genesis Solar Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), is entered into and effective as of January 27, 2025 (the Amendment Effective Date), by and among Genesis Solar Funding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the Managing Member of the Company (NEP Member), and KKR Genesis TL Borrower LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as a Class B Member and as the Class B Member Representative. Each of NEP Member and the Class B Member Representative is referred to herein individually as a Party, and, collectively, as the Parties.

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 13.04 of the LLC Agreement, the LLC Agreement may be amended, subject to Section 6.03(a) of the LLC Agreement, by a written instrument executed by the Managing Member; and

WHEREAS, the Managing Member and the Class B Member Representative (on behalf of all Class B Members) wish to amend certain provisions of the LLC Agreement on the terms set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, this Amendment No. 2 has been approved and consented to by the Managing Member and by Class B Member Approval.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree to the following terms and conditions:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND AMENDMENTS TO DEFINED TERMS

1.1 Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Amendment No. 1 shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the LLC Agreement.

1.2 Amendments to Defined Terms in Section 1.01. 

(a) A new defined term Amendment Effective Date shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

Amendment Effective Date means January 27, 2025, the date on which Amendment No. 2 was entered into and became effective. 

(b) A new defined term Amendment No. 2 shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

Amendment No. 2 means Amendment No. 2 to this Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2025, by and between the Managing Member and the Class B Member Representative. 

(c) The defined term Distribution Adjustment Date in Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced as follows:

Distribution Adjustment Date means (a) any Distribution Date that occurs during the First Distribution Adjustment Period on which the 10% Condition is not satisfied, (b) any Distribution Date that occurs during the Second Distribution Adjustment Period on which the 40% Condition is not satisfied, (c) any Distribution Date that occurs during the First FDE Distribution Adjustment Period if the First FDE Condition is not satisfied as of December 18, 2031, (d) any Distribution Date that occurs during the Second FDE Distribution Adjustment Period if the Second FDE Condition is not satisfied as of December 18, 2032, (e) any Distribution Date that occurs during the Third FDE Distribution Adjustment Period if the Third FDE Condition is not satisfied as of December 18, 2033, or (f) the Flip Date (it being understood that in order to determine whether any Distribution Date is a Distribution Adjustment Date, the determination of the aggregate number of Class B Units that the NEP Member shall have purchased (pursuant to one or more exercises of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B Change of Control Option) shall be measured separately for each Distribution Date).

(d) A new defined term FDE Demand Notice shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

FDE Demand Notice has the meaning assigned that term in Section 9.07(b).

(e) A new defined term First FDE Condition shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

First FDE Condition has the meaning assigned that term in Section 5.01(e)(ii). 

(f) A new defined term First FDE Distribution Adjustment Period shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

First FDE Distribution Adjustment Period means the period commencing on December 18, 2031, and continuing through December 17, 2032. 

(g) The defined term Flip Date in Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced as follows:

Flip Date means December 18, 2030; provided, however, that, if (i) NEP Member shall have elected (in its sole and absolute discretion) to make the Flip Date Election pursuant to the initial paragraph of Section 5.01(e) and (ii) on or prior to December 18, 2030, each of the Initial Flip Conditions shall have been satisfied, then the Flip Date shall, automatically and without further action by any Person, be extended to and shall thereafter mean December 18, 2031; provided, further, that if, on or prior to December 18, 2031, the First FDE Condition shall have been 

2 

satisfied, then the Flip Date shall, automatically and without further action by any Person, be extended to and shall thereafter mean December 18, 2032; provided, further, that if, on or prior to December 18, 2032, the Second FDE Condition shall have been satisfied, then the Flip Date shall, automatically and without further action by any Person, be extended to and shall thereafter mean December 18, 2033; provided, further, that if, on or prior to December 18, 2033, the Third FDE Condition shall have been satisfied, then the Flip Date shall, automatically and without further action by any Person, be extended to and shall thereafter mean December 18, 2034.

(h) A new defined term Flip Date Election shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

Flip Date Election has the meaning assigned that term in Section 5.01(e). 

(i) A new defined term Initial Flip Conditions shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

Initial Flip Conditions means, collectively, (i) the acquisition by NEP Member (or its nominees), on or prior to December 18, 2026, pursuant to one or more exercises of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option, of an aggregate number of Class B Units that is at least ten percent (10%) of the total number of outstanding Class B Units as of immediately following the Additional Closing (after giving effect to the Class B Unit Split); (ii) the acquisition by NEP Member (or its nominees), on or prior to December 18, 2027, pursuant to one or more exercises of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option, of an aggregate number of Class B Units that is at least forty percent (40%) of the total number of outstanding Class B Units as of immediately following the Additional Closing (after giving effect to the Class B Unit Split); and (iii) the acquisition by NEP Member (or its nominees), on or prior to December 18, 2030, pursuant to one or more exercises of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option, of the greater of (A) an aggregate number of Class B Units that is at least sixty-five percent (65%) of the total number of outstanding Class B Units as of immediately following the Additional Closing (after giving effect to the Class B Unit Split) or (B) an aggregate number of Class B Units providing for payment to Class B Members of an aggregate amount of Call Option Purchase Price, NEP COC Purchase Price and/or Class B COC Purchase Price that is sufficient to satisfy a Credit Agreement Payment in Full.

(j) A new defined term NEP Renewables II shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

NEP Renewables II means NEP Renewables II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or its successors or permitted assigns.

(k) A new defined term Nitrogen Buyout Condition shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

3 

Nitrogen Buyout Condition means the acquisition, on or before June 11, 2025 (the Nitrogen Buyout End Date), for consideration consisting entirely of cash, of all of the outstanding Nitrogen Class B Units held by the Nitrogen Class B Member(s), whether pursuant to one or more exercises of the Nitrogen Call Option, Nitrogen Change of Control Option, or Nitrogen Class B COC Option, or otherwise on terms mutually agreed upon by NEP Renewables II and the Nitrogen Class B Members; provided, however, that the Nitrogen Buyout End Date shall be automatically extended if and to the extent the satisfaction of the Nitrogen Buyout Condition, pursuant to one or more exercises of the Nitrogen Call Option, Nitrogen Change of Control Option, Nitrogen Class B COC Option, or other transaction, is delayed or prevented as a result of any delay in obtaining any Required Governmental Authorization (as defined in the Nitrogen LLCA); provided, further, that (i) the Nitrogen Buyout End Date shall not extend beyond the date that is ten (10) Business Days following the date on which such Required Governmental Authorization is obtained and (ii) in the event of an issuance of a final and nonappealable order, decree, or ruling by the applicable Governmental Authority withholding such Required Governmental Authorization, then the Nitrogen Buyout Condition shall be deemed not satisfied.

(l) A new defined term Nitrogen Call Option shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

Nitrogen Call Option means the Call Option as defined in the Nitrogen LLCA, as exercised pursuant to and in accordance with the Nitrogen LLCA.

(m) A new defined term Nitrogen Change of Control Option shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

Nitrogen Change of Control Option means the NEP Change of Control Option as defined in the Nitrogen LLCA, as exercised pursuant to and in accordance with the Nitrogen LLCA.

(n) A new defined term Nitrogen Class B COC Option shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

Nitrogen Class B COC Option means the Class B COC Option as defined in the Nitrogen LLCA, as exercised pursuant to and in accordance with the Nitrogen LLCA.

(o) A new defined term Nitrogen Class B Members shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

Nitrogen Class B Members means, collectively, the Class B Members (as defined in the Nitrogen LLCA) of NEP Renewables II, other than NEP Class B Parties (as defined in the Nitrogen LLCA).

(p) A new defined term Nitrogen Class B Units shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

4 

Nitrogen Class B Units has the meaning ascribed to the term Class B Units in the Nitrogen LLCA.

(q) A new defined term Nitrogen LLCA shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

Nitrogen LLCA means the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of NEP Renewables II, LLC, dated as of June 11, 2019, as may be amended, amended and restated, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

(r) The defined term Second Distribution Adjustment Period in Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced as follows:

Second Distribution Adjustment Period means the period commencing on December 18, 2027, and continuing through December 17, 2030. 

(s) A new defined term Second FDE Condition shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

Second FDE Condition has the meaning assigned that term in Section 5.01(e)(iii). 

(t) A new defined term Second FDE Distribution Adjustment Period shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

Second FDE Distribution Adjustment Period means the period commencing on December 18, 2032, and continuing through December 17, 2033. 

(u) A new defined term Third FDE Condition shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

Third FDE Condition has the meaning assigned that term in Section 5.01(e)(iv). 

(v) A new defined term Third FDE Distribution Adjustment Period shall be added to Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

Third FDE Distribution Adjustment Period means the period commencing on December 18, 2033, and continuing through December 17, 2034. 

(w) The defined term Triggering Event in Section 1.01 of the LLC Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced as follows: 

Triggering Event means the occurrence of any of the following: 

(a)(i) on or after December 18, 2030, NEP Member (or its nominees) shall not have purchased, pursuant to one or more exercises of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option, all of the outstanding Class B Units and (ii) (A) in the event that (1) either (y) NEP Member has not elected (in its sole and absolute discretion) to make the Flip Date 

5 

Election pursuant to initial paragraph of Section 5.01(e) or (z) NEP Member has made the Flip Date Election, but any of the Initial Flip Conditions have not been timely satisfied and (2) NEP Member and its Affiliates do not hold, on or after December 18, 2030, an aggregate number of Class A Units and Class B Units that are entitled to receive, collectively, at least sixty percent (60%) of the aggregate amount of distributions of Available Cash on any Distribution Date pursuant to Section 5.01; or (B) in the event that (1) NEP Member has elected (in its sole and absolute discretion) to make the Flip Date Election pursuant to the initial paragraph of Section 5.01(e) and (2) each of the Initial Flip Conditions has been timely satisfied, any of the following shall occur: (1) the First FDE Condition shall not have been timely satisfied prior to December 18, 2031; (2) the Second FDE Condition shall not have been timely satisfied prior to December 18, 2032; (3) the Third FDE Condition shall not have been timely satisfied prior to December 18, 2033; or (4) NEP Member (or its nominees) shall not have purchased, pursuant to one or more exercises of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option, all of the outstanding Class B Units on or prior to December 18, 2034; provided, however, that any Triggering Event that has occurred as a result of the failure to timely satisfy the First FDE Condition, the Second FDE Condition, or the Third FDE Condition, as applicable, may be cured, and shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, at any time prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the date by which such condition was required to be satisfied (as specified in clauses (1) through (3) above, as applicable), NEP Member (or its nominees) shall have purchased, pursuant to one or more exercises of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option, a number of the outstanding Class B Units that would otherwise be sufficient to satisfy the First FDE Condition, the Second FDE Condition, or the Third FDE Condition, as applicable; provided, further, that there shall be no Triggering Event to the extent any failure to consummate one or more exercises of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option that would otherwise result in a Triggering Event is the result of any delay in obtaining all Required Governmental Authorizations; provided, further, that the immediately foregoing proviso shall cease to apply with respect to any failure to consummate an exercise of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option if (y) the consummation of such exercise of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option, as applicable, does not occur by the date that is ten (10) Business Days following the date on which such Required Governmental Authorization is obtained or (z) a final and nonappealable order, decree or ruling is issued by the applicable Governmental Authority withholding such Required Governmental Authorization;

(b) NEP Member (or its nominee) fails to satisfy NEP Members obligations pursuant to Section 7.03 upon a Class B Members exercise of the NEP Change of Control Option; or 

(c) NEP Member otherwise materially breaches its obligations under this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days following NEP Members receipt of written notice of such breach.

6 

ARTICLE II

OTHER AMENDMENTS TO LLC AGREEMENT

2.1 Amendments to Section 5.01(d). Section 5.01(d) of the LLC Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced as follows:

For any Distribution Date occurring from and after the Flip Date, Available Cash shall be distributed (i) one percent (1%) to the holders of Class A Units, pro rata in accordance with their respective Class A Percentage Interests and (ii) ninety-nine percent (99%) to the holders of Class B Units, pro rata in accordance with their respective Class B Percentage Interests; provided, however, that, if NEP Member (or its nominees) shall have purchased, on or prior to any such Distribution Date, pursuant to one or more exercises of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option, an aggregate number of Class B Units that is at least twenty percent (20%) of the outstanding Class B Units as of the Additional Closing Date (after giving effect to the Class B Unit Split), then, in addition to the amounts distributable to the Other Class B Parties pursuant to this Section 5.01(d), eighty-five percent (85%) of the aggregate amount of Available Cash that would otherwise be distributed on such Distribution Date to all NEP Class B Parties in respect of their Class B Units pursuant to this Section 5.01(d) (except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 7.01(c)(vi)) (such amount, the Class B Reallocation Portion) shall instead be distributed to the Other Class B Parties, pro rata in accordance with their respective Other Class B Party Percentage Interests, up to a maximum amount equal to thirty-five percent (35%) of the aggregate amount of Available Cash distributed to all holders of Class B Units on such Distribution Date pursuant to this Section 5.01(d) (such maximum amount, the Class B Reallocation Cap); provided, further, that, notwithstanding the foregoing proviso, if NEP Member has elected (in its sole and absolute discretion) to make the Flip Date Election pursuant to the initial paragraph of Section 5.01(e), and each of the Initial Flip Conditions has been timely satisfied, then distributions from and after December 18, 2030, shall be made in accordance with Section 5.01(e).

2.2 New Section 5.01(e). A new Section 5.01(e) shall be added immediately after Section 5.01(d) of the LLC Agreement (and the previous Section 5.01(e) shall be renumbered as Section 5.01(f)) as follows.

If the Nitrogen Buyout Condition shall have been timely satisfied, then, at any time during the period commencing on December 18, 2029, and ending on (but including) June 17, 2030, NEP Member shall have the right, but not the obligation, to elect (as determined by NEP Member in its sole and absolute discretion), by delivering written notice to the Class B Member Representative, to extend the Flip Date (the Flip Date Election), subject to satisfaction of each of the Initial Flip Conditions and the provisions set forth herein. If the Nitrogen Buyout Condition has been timely satisfied, NEP Member elects (in its sole and absolute discretion) to make the Flip Date Election, and each of the Initial Flip Conditions has been timely satisfied, then:

(i) For any Distribution Date occurring during the period commencing on December 18, 2030, and continuing through December 17, 2031, Available Cash shall be distributed on such Distribution Date in the same proportions as set forth in Section 5.01(a).

7 

(ii) For any Distribution Date occurring during the First FDE Distribution Adjustment Period, Available Cash shall be distributed (A) one percent (1%) to the holders of Class A Units, pro rata in accordance with their respective Class A Percentage Interests and (B) ninety-nine percent (99%) to the holders of Class B Units, pro rata in accordance with their respective Class B Percentage Interests; provided that, in addition to the amounts distributable to the Other Class B Parties pursuant to this Section 5.01(e)(ii), the Class B Reallocation Portion that would otherwise be distributed on such Distribution Date to all NEP Class B Parties in respect of their Class B Units pursuant to this Section 5.01(e)(ii) (except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 7.01(c)(vi)) shall instead be distributed to the Other Class B Parties, pro rata in accordance with their respective Other Class B Party Percentage Interests without reference to any Class B Reallocation Cap; provided, however, that if, prior to December 18, 2031, NEP Member (or its nominees) shall have purchased, pursuant to one or more exercises of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option, an aggregate of seventy-three and three quarters percent (73.75%) or more of the number of Class B Units outstanding on the Additional Closing Date (after giving effect to the Class B Unit Split) (the First FDE Condition), then distributions of Available Cash shall be distributed on each Distribution Date within the First FDE Distribution Adjustment Period in the same proportions as set forth in Section 5.01(a).

(iii) For any Distribution Date occurring during the Second FDE Distribution Adjustment Period, Available Cash shall be distributed (A) one percent (1%) to the holders of Class A Units, pro rata in accordance with their respective Class A Percentage Interests and (B) ninety-nine percent (99%) to the holders of Class B Units, pro rata in accordance with their respective Class B Percentage Interests; provided that, in addition to the amounts distributable to the Other Class B Parties pursuant to this Section 5.01(e)(iii), the Class B Reallocation Portion that would otherwise be distributed on such Distribution Date to all NEP Class B Parties in respect of their Class B Units pursuant to this Section 5.01(e)(iii) (except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 7.01(c)(vi)) shall instead be distributed to the Other Class B Parties, pro rata in accordance with their respective Other Class B Party Percentage Interests without reference to any Class B Reallocation Cap; provided, however, that, if, prior to December 18, 2032, NEP Member (or its nominees) shall have purchased, pursuant to one or more exercises of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option, an aggregate of eighty-two and one half percent (82.50%) or more of the number of Class B Units outstanding on the Additional Closing Date (after giving effect to the Class B Unit Split) (the Second FDE Condition), then distributions of Available Cash shall be distributed on each Distribution Date within the Second FDE Distribution Adjustment Period in the same proportions as set forth in Section 5.01(a).

(iv) For any Distribution Date occurring during the Third FDE Distribution Adjustment Period, Available Cash shall be distributed (A) one percent (1%) to the holders of Class A Units, pro rata in accordance with their respective Class A Percentage Interests and (B) ninety-nine percent (99%) to the holders of Class B Units, pro rata in accordance with their respective Class B Percentage Interests; provided that, in addition to the 

8 

amounts distributable to the Other Class B Parties pursuant to this Section 5.01(e)(iv), the Class B Reallocation Portion that would otherwise be distributed on such Distribution Date to all NEP Class B Parties in respect of their Class B Units pursuant to this Section 5.01(e)(iv) (except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 7.01(c)(vi)) shall instead be distributed to the Other Class B Parties, pro rata in accordance with their respective Other Class B Party Percentage Interests without reference to any Class B Reallocation Cap; provided, however, that, if, prior to December 18, 2033, NEP Member (or its nominees) shall have purchased, pursuant to one or more exercises of the Call Option, NEP Change of Control Option, or Class B COC Option, an aggregate of ninety-one and one quarter percent (91.25%) or more of the number of Class B Units outstanding on the Additional Closing Date (after giving effect to the Class B Unit Split) (the Third FDE Condition), then distributions of Available Cash shall be distributed on each Distribution Date within the Third FDE Distribution Adjustment Period in the same proportions as set forth in Section 5.01(a).

(v) For any Distribution Date occurring from and after December 18, 2034, Available Cash shall be distributed (A) one percent (1%) to the holders of Class A Units, pro rata in accordance with their respective Class A Percentage Interests and (B) ninety-nine percent (99%) to the holders of Class B Units, pro rata in accordance with their respective Class B Percentage Interests; provided that, in addition to the amounts distributable to the Other Class B Parties pursuant to this Section 5.01(e)(v), the Class B Reallocation Portion that would otherwise be distributed on such Distribution Date to all NEP Class B Parties in respect of their Class B Units pursuant to this Section 5.01(e)(v) (except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 7.01(c)(vi)) shall instead be distributed to the Other Class B Parties, pro rata in accordance with their respective Other Class B Party Percentage Interests without reference to any Class B Reallocation Cap.

2.3 Amendments to Section 5.03. Section 5.03 of the LLC Agreement is hereby amended so that the words measured from the applicable Acquisition Date to the date of dissolution, of six and seventy-six hundredths percent (6.76%) in clause (c) thereof are deleted and replaced in their entirety with the words measured from the applicable Acquisition Date to the date of dissolution, of six and seventy-six hundredths percent (6.76%); provided that, if NEP Member has elected (in its sole and absolute discretion) to make the Flip Date Election pursuant to the initial paragraph of Section 5.01(e) and each of the Initial Flip Conditions has been timely satisfied, then such Internal Rate of Return shall be equal to the sum of (i) six and seventy-six hundredths percent (6.76%), measured from the applicable Acquisition Date through December 18, 2030 (or, if NEP Member shall have delivered the FDE Demand Notice to the Class B Member Representative pursuant to Section 9.07(b), the date on which the FDE Demand Notice was delivered), plus (ii) nine and three quarters percent (9.75%), measured from December 19, 2030 (or, if NEP Member shall have delivered the FDE Demand Notice to the Class B Member Representative pursuant to Section 9.07(b), the date on which the FDE Demand Notice was delivered), to the date of dissolution.

2.4 Amendments to Section 5.04.

9 

(a) Section 5.04(a)(i) of the LLC Agreement is hereby amended so that the words pursuant to Section 5.01(b) or Section 5.01(c) are deleted and replaced in their entirety with the words pursuant to Section 5.01(b), Section 5.01(c), or Section 5.01(e).

(b) Section 5.04(a)(ii) of the LLC Agreement is hereby amended so that the words pursuant to Section 5.01(d) are deleted and replaced in their entirety with the words pursuant to Section 5.01(d) or Section 5.01(e), as applicable.

2.5 Amendment to Section 7.01(c). Section 7.01(c)(vi) of the LLC Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced as follows:

No Class B Unit acquired by NEP Member (or its assignee) pursuant to this Section 7.01(c) shall be subject to the limitation on amounts distributable to NEP Class B Parties pursuant to Section 5.01(d) or Section 5.01(e), and each such Class B Unit shall be eligible to receive distributions pursuant to Section 5.01(d) and Section 5.01(e), without regard to such limitation; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any Class B Units acquired by NEP Member (or its assignee) pursuant to this Agreement (other than this Section 7.01(c)) shall remain subject to the limitation on amounts distributable to NEP Class B Parties pursuant to Section 5.01(d) or Section 5.01(e), as applicable.

2.6 Amendments to Section 7.02(a). Section 7.02(a) of the LLC Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced as follows:

At any time, and from time to time, on or after December 18, 2025, but prior to December 18, 2034, NEP Member shall have the right, but not the obligation, to acquire, subject to the limitations and requirements of this Section 7.02, all or any portion of the outstanding Class B Units at a purchase price that results in an Internal Rate of Return per Class B Unit purchased pursuant to this Section 7.02, measured from the applicable Acquisition Date of such Class B Unit to the Call Option Closing Date, of six and seventy-six hundredths percent (6.76%) (the Call Option Purchase Price), upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 7.02 (the Call Option); provided, however, that, if NEP Member has elected (in its sole and absolute discretion) to make the Flip Date Election pursuant to the initial paragraph of Section 5.01(e), then, solely with respect to the delivery of any Call Option Notice that occurs after December 18, 2030, the Call Option Purchase Price shall be equal to the sum of (i) an amount that results in an Internal Rate of Return per Class B Unit purchased at the applicable Call Option Closing pursuant to this Section 7.02 of six and seventy-six hundredths percent (6.76%), measured from the applicable Acquisition Date of such Class B Unit through December 18, 2030 (or, if NEP Member shall have delivered the FDE Demand Notice to the Class B Member Representative pursuant to Section 9.07(b), the date on which the FDE Demand Notice was delivered), plus (ii) an amount that results in an Internal Rate of Return per Class B Unit purchased at such Call Option Closing pursuant to this Section 7.02 of nine and three quarters percent (9.75%), measured from December 19, 2030 (or, if NEP Member shall have delivered the FDE Demand Notice to the Class B Member Representative pursuant to Section 9.07(b), the date on which the FDE Demand Notice was delivered), to the Call Option Closing Date. NEP Member may not assign its right to purchase the outstanding Class B Units pursuant to this Section 7.02 to any Person other than NEP or a Subsidiary thereof; provided, 

10 

however, that, in the event of any such assignment, NEP Member and NEP shall remain subject to their respective obligations set forth in this Section 7.02 upon any exercise of the Call Option.

2.7 Amendments to Section 7.02(c). 

(a) Section 7.02(c)(iv) of the LLC Agreement is hereby amended so that the word and is deleted.

(b) Section 7.02(c)(v)(E) of the LLC Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced as follows:

from December 18, 2029, but prior to December 18, 2034, one hundred percent (100%) of the total number of outstanding Class B Units; and

(c) A new Section 7.02(c)(vi) of the LLC Agreement shall be added immediately after Section 7.02(c)(v)(E) of the LLC Agreement as follows:

From and after the Amendment Effective Date, if NEP Member determines to exercise the Call Option to acquire Class B Units using NEP Common Units for the payment of all or any portion of the Call Option Purchase Price in connection with such Call Option exercise, then NEP (or its Affiliates) shall have publicly disclosed, via the issuance of a press release or the filing of a current report on Form 8-K with the SEC, its intention to exercise the Call Option using NEP Common Units for the payment of all or any portion of the Call Option Purchase Price in connection with such Call Option exercise at least three (3) full Trading Days (on which NEP Common Units traded on the applicable National Securities Exchange without stop or interruption), but no more than ninety (90) calendar days, prior to the issuance of such Call Option Notice in respect of such Call Option exercise.

2.8 Amendments to Section 7.03(a). Section 7.03(a) of the LLC Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following at the end of clause (i) thereof:

; provided, however, that, if NEP Member has elected (in its sole and absolute discretion) to make the Flip Date Election pursuant to the initial paragraph of Section 5.01(e), then, solely with respect to a Change of Control Closing that occurs after December 18, 2030, the Change of Control Purchase Price shall be equal to the sum of (i) an amount that results in a return to such Class B Member of at least an Internal Rate of Return on each such Class B Unit purchased pursuant to this Section 7.03 of seven and seventy-six hundredths percent (7.76%), measured from the applicable Acquisition Date of such Class B Unit through December 18, 2030 (or, if NEP Member shall have delivered the FDE Demand Notice to the Class B Member Representative pursuant to Section 9.07(b), the date on which the FDE Demand Notice was delivered), plus (ii) an amount that results in an Internal Rate of Return per Class B Unit purchased at such Change of Control Closing pursuant to this Section 7.03 of and ten and three quarters percent (10.75%) measured from December 19, 2030 (or, if NEP Member shall have delivered the FDE Demand Notice to the Class B Member Representative pursuant to Section 

11 

9.07(b), the date on which the FDE Demand Notice was delivered), to the Change of Control Closing Date; 

2.9 Amendments to Section 7.04(a). Section 7.04(a) of the LLC Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following at the end of the first sentence thereof:

; provided, however, that, if NEP Member has elected (in its sole and absolute discretion) to make the Flip Date Election pursuant to the initial paragraph of Section 5.01(e), then, solely with respect to a Class B COC Closing that occurs after December 18, 2030, the Class B COC Purchase Price will be equal to the sum of (i) an amount that results in an Internal Rate of Return on each Class B Unit for which such election is made of six and seventy-six hundredths percent (6.76%), measured from the applicable Acquisition Date of such Class B Unit through December 18, 2030 (or, if NEP Member shall have delivered the FDE Demand Notice to the Class B Member Representative pursuant to Section 9.07(b), the date on which the FDE Demand Notice was delivered), plus (ii) an amount that results in an Internal Rate of Return per Class B Unit purchased at such Class B COC Closing pursuant to this Section 7.04 of nine and three quarters percent (9.75%) measured from December 19, 2030 (or, if NEP Member shall have delivered the FDE Demand Notice to the Class B Member Representative pursuant to Section 9.07(b), the date on which the FDE Demand Notice was delivered), to the Class B COC Closing Date.

2.10 New Section 9.07. A new Section 9.07 shall be added immediately after Section 9.06 of the LLC Agreement as follows:

(a) From and after the Amendment Effective Date, the Class B Members shall not, without NEP Members prior written consent, amend, amend and restate, replace, supplement, or otherwise modify or waive any of their rights under the Credit Agreement in any manner that would (i) increase any existing commitments or establish any new commitments thereunder or otherwise permit or result in any increase of the amount of Indebtedness thereunder, or (ii) prevent, delay, hinder, or adversely affect the ability to consummate a Credit Agreement Payment in Full by December 18, 2030.

(b) If NEP Member shall have elected (in its sole and absolute discretion) to make the Flip Date Election pursuant to the initial paragraph of Section 5.01(e) then, from and after the date of such election, NEP Member may require, upon delivery of written notice to the Class B Member Representative (such notice, the FDE Demand Notice), the Class B Members to use (y) one hundred percent (100%) of the Call Option Cash Consideration and (z) the amount of net proceeds received under any Qualifying Financing (provided that the Class B Members shall not be required to incur Indebtedness under such Qualifying Financing in excess of an amount, together with the amount of Call Option Cash Consideration, sufficient to satisfy the Class B Members amount of Indebtedness required to be prepaid under the Credit Agreement in connection with the applicable Call Option or Class B COC Option), in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (y) and (z), as received by Class B Members in connection with any Call Option Closing or Class B COC Closing to prepay (i) the outstanding Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement to the fullest extent permitted, and in the manner required, by the Credit Agreement and (ii) all other Indebtedness then outstanding required to 

12 

be repaid as a result of the exercise of such Call Option or Class B COC Option, in each case, pursuant to which the Class B Units being acquired pursuant to the exercise of such Call Option or Class B COC Option are Encumbered.

(c) Ten (10) Business Days before each of December 18, 2029, and June 17, 2030, the Class B Member Representative shall deliver to NEP Member written notice specifying the amount necessary to satisfy Credit Agreement Payment in Full, as if such Credit Agreement Payment in Full were occurring as of such date. The Class B Member Representative shall, by written notice to NEP Member, provide an update of the amount necessary to satisfy Credit Agreement Payment in Full on the first Business Day following each Call Option Closing, Class B COC Closing, any other prepayment of Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement, in each case, to the extent occurring on or after December 18, 2029, and prior to June 17, 2030.

ARTICLE III

MISCELLANEOUS

3.1 Consent of Class B Member Representative. Pursuant to Section 6.03(a) of the LLC Agreement, without having first obtained Class B Member Approval, the Managing Member may not amend any provisions of the LLC Agreement in a manner that adversely affects the Class B Members interest in the Company or indirect interest in any Controlled Subsidiary. The Class B Member Representative, on behalf of itself and the Class B Members (constituting Class B Member Approval), by virtue of its execution of this Amendment No. 2 hereby consents, for all purposes of the LLC Agreement, to the amendment of the LLC Agreement as set forth herein.

3.2 Representations of the Class B Members. The Class B Member Representative, on behalf of each Class B Member, hereby represents and warrants to NEP Member that, as of the Amendment Effective Date, there have been no amendments, supplements, restatements, or other modifications to the Credit Agreement since Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated May 16, 2021, and since that date, there have been no additional borrowings under the Credit Agreement or other increase of the amount of Indebtedness thereunder, nor has there been any reduction in the amount of mandatory prepayments required to be made pursuant to the Credit Agreement upon any exercise of the Call Option or Class B COC Option.

3.3 No Other Modification. Except as expressly amended or modified by this Amendment No. 2, the LLC Agreement, as amended hereby, is and shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect until its termination or further amendment in accordance with its terms. From and after the date of this Amendment No. 2, any reference to the LLC Agreement shall mean the LLC Agreement as amended hereby.

3.4 Governing Law. This Amendment No. 2, and all claims or causes of action (whether in contract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out of, or relate to this Amendment No. 2 or the negotiation, execution, or performance of this Amendment No. 2, will be construed in accordance with and governed by the Laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. 

13 

3.5 Incorporation by Reference. Section 13.01 through Section 13.07 of the LLC Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference into this Amendment No. 2 and the terms thereof shall be applied to this Amendment No. 2, mutatis mutandis.

3.6 Counterparts. This Amendment No. 2 may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission or by electronic delivery) in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties, it being understood that all Parties need not sign the same counterpart.

* * *

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Party has caused this Amendment No. 2 to be signed on its behalf on the day and year first written above.

GENESIS SOLAR FUNDING, LLC,

as Managing Member

By: CHRISTOPHER H. ZAJIC

Name: Christopher H. Zajic

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to 

Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Genesis Solar Holdings, LLC

CLASS B MEMBER 

REPRESENTATIVE:

KKR GENESIS TL BORROWER LLC

By: BRANDON FREIMAN

Name: Brandon Freiman

Title: Manager and President

Signature Page to 

Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Genesis Solar Holdings, LLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>exhibit102toxplrdated01x23.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.2

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED

AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

OF

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP 

A Delaware Limited Partnership

Dated as of 

January 27, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1

Section 1.1 Definitions 18

Section 1.2 Construction 

ARTICLE II

ORGANIZATION

Section 2.1 Formation 19

Section 2.2 Name 19

Section 2.3 Registered Office; Registered Agent; Principal Office; Other Offices 19

Section 2.4 Purpose and Business 20

Section 2.5 Powers 20

Section 2.6 Term 20

Section 2.7 Title to Partnership Assets 20

ARTICLE III

RIGHTS OF LIMITED PARTNERS

Section 3.1 Limitation of Liability 21

Section 3.2 Management of Business 21

Section 3.3 Rights of Limited Partners 21

ARTICLE IV

CERTIFICATES; RECORD HOLDERS;

TRANSFER OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS

Section 4.1 Certificates 22

Section 4.2 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates 22

Section 4.3 Record Holders 23

Section 4.4 Transfer Generally 23

Section 4.5 Registration and Transfer of Limited Partner Interests 24

Section 4.6 Transfer of the General Partner's General Partner Interest 25

Section 4.7 Restrictions on Transfers 26

i

ARTICLE V

CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ISSUANCE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS

Section 5.1 Capital Contributions 27

Section 5.2 Interest and Withdrawal 27

Section 5.3 Capital Accounts 27

Section 5.4 Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests 29

Section 5.5 Issuances of Securities by XPLR Partners 30

Section 5.6 Unit Option Plans 30

Section 5.7 Limited Preemptive Right 33

Section 5.8 Splits and Combinations 33

Section 5.9 Redemption, Repurchase or Forfeiture of XPLR Partners Non-Voting 

Common Units and XPLR Partners Common Units 34

Section 5.10 Fully Paid and Non-Assessable Nature of Limited Partner Interests 34

Section 5.11 Establishment of Series A Preferred Units 34

Section 5.12 Establishment of Non-Voting Common Units 44

ARTICLE VI

ALLOCATIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS

Section 6.1 Allocations for Capital Account Purposes 46

Section 6.2 Allocations for Tax Purposes 50

Section 6.3 Requirement and Characterization of Distributions; Distributions to 

Record Holders 51

Section 6.4 Distributions and Payments of Available Cash from Operating Surplus 51

Section 6.5 Distributions of Available Cash from Capital Surplus 52

Section 6.6 Adjustment of Minimum Quarterly Distribution 52

ARTICLE VII

MANAGEMENT AND OPERATION OF BUSINESS

Section 7.1 Management 52

Section 7.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership 54

Section 7.3 Restrictions on General Partner's Authority to Sell Assets of the 

Partnership Group 55

Section 7.4 Reimbursement of the General Partner 55

Section 7.5 Outside Activities 55

Section 7.6 Loans from the General Partner; Loans or Contributions from the 

Partnership or Group Members 57

Section 7.7 Indemnification 57

Section 7.8 Liability of Indemnitees 59

Section 7.9 Resolution of Conflicts of Interest; Standards of Conduct and 

Modification of Duties 60

Section 7.10 Other Matters Concerning the General Partner 62

ii

Section 7.11 Purchase or Sale of Partnership Interests 63

Section 7.12 Reliance by Third Parties 63

ARTICLE VIII

BOOKS, RECORDS, ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS

Section 8.1 Records and Accounting 64

Section 8.2 Fiscal Year 64

ARTICLE IX

TAX MATTERS

Section 9.1 Tax Returns and Information 64

Section 9.2 Tax Characterization 64

Section 9.3 Tax Elections 65

Section 9.4 Tax Controversies 65

Section 9.5 Withholding 65

Section 9.6 Direction of Manager 65

ARTICLE X

ADMISSION OF PARTNERS

Section 10.1 Admission of Limited Partners 65

Section 10.2 Admission of Successor General Partner 66

Section 10.3 Amendment of Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership 67

ARTICLE XI

WITHDRAWAL OR REMOVAL OF PARTNERS

Section 11.1 Withdrawal of the General Partner 67

Section 11.2 Removal of the General Partner 68

Section 11.3 Withdrawal of Limited Partners 69

ARTICLE XII

DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION

Section 12.1 Dissolution 69

Section 12.2 Continuation of the Business of the Partnership After Dissolution 69

Section 12.3 Liquidator 70

Section 12.4 Liquidation 70

Section 12.5 Cancellation of Certificate of Limited Partnership 71

Section 12.6 Return of Contributions 71

iii

Section 12.7 Waiver of Partition 71

Section 12.8 Capital Account Restoration 72

ARTICLE XIII

AMENDMENT OF PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT; MEETINGS; RECORD DATE

Section 13.1 Amendments to be Adopted Solely by the XPLR Partners General Partner 72

Section 13.2 Amendment Procedures 74

Section 13.3 Amendment Requirements 74

Section 13.4 Special Meetings 75

Section 13.5 Notice of a Meeting 76

Section 13.6 Record Date 76

Section 13.7 Postponement and Adjournment 76

Section 13.8 Waiver of Notice; Approval of Meeting 76

Section 13.9 Quorum and Voting 77

Section 13.10 Conduct of a Meeting 77

Section 13.11 Action Without a Meeting 77

Section 13.12 Right to Vote and Related Matters 78

ARTICLE XIV

MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR CONVERSION

Section 14.1 Authority 78

Section 14.2 Procedure for Merger, Consolidation or Conversion 79

Section 14.3 Approval by Limited Partners 80

Section 14.4 Certificate of Merger or Certificate of Conversion 81

Section 14.5 Effect of Merger, Consolidation or Conversion 82

ARTICLE XV

CLASS B, SERIES 1 LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS

Section 15.1 Coordination with Other Articles 84

Section 15.2 Designations, Preferences, Rights, Powers and Duties 85

Section 15.3 Amendment, Supplement and Waiver 89

Section 15.4 No Third-Party Beneficiaries 89

ARTICLE XVI

CLASS B, SERIES 2 LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS

Section 16.1 Coordination with Other Articles 90

Section 16.2 Designations, Preferences, Rights, Powers and Duties 91

Section 16.3 Amendment, Supplement and Waiver 95

Section 16.4 No Third-Party Beneficiaries 95

iv

ARTICLE XVII

CLASS P LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS

Section 17.1 Coordination with Other Articles 95

Section 17.2 Designations, Preferences, Rights, Powers and Duties 96

Section 17.3 Amendment, Supplement and Waiver 97

Section 17.4 No Third-Party Beneficiaries 97

ARTICLE XVIII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 18.1 Addresses and Notices; Written Communications 97

Section 18.2 Further Action 98

Section 18.3 Binding Effect 98

Section 18.4 Integration 98

Section 18.5 Creditors 98

Section 18.6 Waiver 98

Section 18.7 Third-Party Beneficiaries 99

Section 18.8 Counterparts 99

Section 18.9 Applicable Law; Forum; Venue and Jurisdiction; Waiver of Trial by Jury 99

Section 18.10 Invalidity of Provisions 100

Section 18.11 Consent of Partners 100

Section 18.12 Facsimile and Email Signatures 100

v

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP

This FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP dated as of January 27, 2025 (the Effective Date), is entered into by and between XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the General Partner, NextEra Energy Equity Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and XPLR Infrastructure, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, together with any other Persons who become Partners in the Partnership or parties hereto as provided herein. In consideration of the covenants, conditions and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1 Definitions. The following definitions shall be for all purposes, unless otherwise clearly indicated to the contrary, applied to the terms used in this Agreement. 

Adjusted Capital Account means the Capital Account maintained for each Partner as of the end of each taxable period of the Partnership, (a) increased by any amounts that such Partner is obligated to restore under the standards set by Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c) (or is deemed obligated to restore under Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-2(g) and 1.704-2(i)(5)) and (b) decreased by the items described in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6). The foregoing definition of Adjusted Capital Account is intended to comply with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. The Adjusted Capital Account of a Partner in respect of any Partnership Interest shall be the amount that such Adjusted Capital Account would be if such Partnership Interest were the only interest in the Partnership held by such Partner from and after the date on which such Partnership Interest was first issued. 

Adjusted Property means any property the Carrying Value of which has been adjusted pursuant to Section 5.3(d). 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Person in question. As used herein, the term control means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Agreed Allocation means any allocation, other than a Required Allocation, of an item of income, gain, loss or deduction pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.1, including a Curative Allocation (if appropriate to the context in which the term Agreed Allocation is used). 

Agreed Value of any Contributed Property means the fair market value of such property or other consideration at the time of contribution and, in the case of an Adjusted 

1

Property, the fair market value of such Adjusted Property on the date of the revaluation event as described in Section 5.3(d), in both cases as determined by the General Partner. The General Partner shall use such method as it determines to be appropriate to allocate the aggregate Agreed Value of Contributed Properties contributed to the Partnership in a single or integrated transaction among each separate property on a basis proportional to the fair market value of each Contributed Property. 

Agreement means this Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners, LP, as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

Associate means, when used to indicate a relationship with any Person, (a) any corporation or organization of which such Person is a director, officer, manager, general partner or managing member or is, directly or indirectly, the owner of 20% or more of any class of voting stock or other voting interest, (b) any trust or other estate in which such Person has at least a 20% beneficial interest or as to which such Person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity, and (c) any relative or spouse of such Person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same principal residence as such Person. 

Available Cash means, with respect to any Quarter ending prior to the Liquidation Date: 

(a) the sum of: 

(i) all cash and cash equivalents of the Partnership Group (or the Partnerships proportionate share of cash and cash equivalents in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) on hand at the end of such Quarter; 

(ii) all Unreturned Excess Funds; and 

(iii) if the General Partner so determines, all or any portion of additional cash and cash equivalents of the Partnership Group (or the Partnerships proportionate share of cash and cash equivalents in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) on hand on the date of determination of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter resulting from Working Capital Borrowings made subsequent to the end of such Quarter, less 

(b) the amount of any cash reserves established by the General Partner (or the Partnerships proportionate share of cash reserves in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) to: 

(i) provide for the proper conduct of the business of the Partnership Group, including reserves for expected debt service requirements and future capital expenditures, subsequent to such Quarter; 

2

(ii) comply with applicable law or any loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, debt instrument or other agreement or obligation to which any Group Member is a party or by which it is bound or its assets are subject; and 

(iii) provide funds for distributions under Section 5.11(b)(i), Section 6.4 or Section 6.5 in respect of any one or more of the next four Quarters, less 

(c) the amount of any Construction Contributions that would otherwise constitute Available Cash; provided, however, that the General Partner may not establish cash reserves pursuant to subclause (b)(iii) above if the effect of such reserves would be that the Partnership is unable to distribute the Minimum Quarterly Distribution on all Common Units with respect to such Quarter; and, provided further, that disbursements made by a Group Member or cash reserves established, increased or reduced after the end of such Quarter but on or before the date of determination of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter shall be deemed to have been made, established, increased or reduced, for purposes of determining Available Cash, within such Quarter if the General Partner so determines. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Available Cash shall not include any proceeds received pursuant to the purchase of or contribution of cash in exchange for any Series A Preferred Units or Series A Parity Securities issued in accordance with Section 5.11 and with respect to the Quarter in which the Liquidation Date occurs and any subsequent Quarter shall equal zero. 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of XPLR Partners. 

Book-Tax Disparity means, with respect to any item of Contributed Property or Adjusted Property, as of the date of any determination, the difference between the Carrying Value of such Contributed Property or Adjusted Property and the adjusted basis thereof for federal income tax purposes as of such date. A Partners share of the Partnerships Book-Tax Disparities in all of its Contributed Property and Adjusted Property will be reflected by the difference between such Partners Capital Account balance as maintained pursuant to Section 5.3 and the hypothetical balance of such Partners Capital Account computed as if it had been maintained strictly in accordance with federal income tax accounting principles. 

Business Day means Monday through Friday of each week, except that a legal holiday recognized as such by the government of the United States of America or the State of Florida shall not be regarded as a Business Day. 

Capital Account means the capital account maintained for a Partner pursuant to Section 5.3. The Capital Account of a Partner in respect of any Partnership Interest shall be the amount that such Capital Account would be if such Partnership Interest were the only interest in the Partnership held by such Partner from and after the date on which such Partnership Interest was first issued. 

3

Capital Contribution means (a) any cash, cash equivalents or the Net Agreed Value of Contributed Property that a Partner contributes to the Partnership or that is contributed or deemed contributed to the Partnership on behalf of a Partner or (b) current distributions that a Partner is entitled to receive but otherwise waives. 

Capital Improvement means (a) the acquisition (through an asset acquisition, merger, stock acquisition or other form of investment), (b) the construction or development of new capital assets by a Group Member, (c) the replacement or expansion of, or addition or improvement to, existing capital assets by a Group Member or (d) a capital contribution by a Group Member to a Person that is not a Subsidiary in which a Group Member has, or after such Capital Contribution will have, directly or indirectly, an equity interest, to fund such Group Members pro rata share of the cost of the acquisition, construction, development, replacement or expansion of, or addition or improvement to, capital assets by such Person, in each case if and to the extent such acquisition, construction, development, replacement, expansion, addition or improvement is made to increase over the long-term, the operating capacity, operating income or operating cash flow of the Partnership Group, in the case of clauses (a), (b) and (c), or such Person, in the case of clause (d), from the operating capacity or operating income of the Partnership Group or such Person, as the case may be, existing immediately prior to such acquisition, construction, development, replacement, expansion, addition, improvement or Capital Contribution. For purposes of this definition, long-term generally refers to a period of not less than twelve months.

Capital Surplus means Available Cash distributed by the Partnership in excess of Operating Surplus, as described in Section 6.3(a).

Cash Sweep and Credit Support Agreement means the Amended and Restated Cash Sweep and Credit Support Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2017, between the Partnership and NextEra Energy Resources, LLC, as amended or supplemented from time to time.

Cash Sweep Withdrawals has the meaning set forth in the Cash Sweep and Credit Support Agreement.

Carrying Value means (a) with respect to a Contributed Property or Adjusted Property, the Agreed Value of such property reduced (but not below zero) by all depreciation, amortization and cost recovery deductions charged to the Partners Capital Accounts in respect of such property and (b) with respect to any other Partnership property, the adjusted basis of such property for federal income tax purposes, all as of the time of determination; provided that the Carrying Value of any property shall be adjusted from time to time in accordance with Sections 5.3(d) and to reflect changes, additions or other adjustments to the Carrying Value for dispositions and acquisitions of Partnership properties, as deemed appropriate by the General Partner.

Cause means a court of competent jurisdiction has entered a final, non-appealable judgment finding the General Partner liable for actual fraud or willful misconduct to the 

4

Partnership or any Limited Partner in the General Partners capacity as a general partner of the Partnership.

Certificate means a certificate in such form (including global form if permitted by applicable rules and regulations) as may be adopted by the General Partner and issued by the Partnership evidencing ownership of one or more classes of Partnership Interests. The initial form of certificate approved by the General Partner for the Common Units is attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement. The initial form of certificate approved by the General Partner for the Series A Preferred Units is attached as Exhibit B to this Agreement, and the initial form of certificate approved by the General Partner for the Non-Voting Common Units is attached as Exhibit D to this Agreement.

Certificate of Limited Partnership means the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as referenced in Section 7.2, as such Certificate of Limited Partnership may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time.

Closing Date means July 1, 2014, the closing date of the Initial Public Offering.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and in effect from time to time. Any reference herein to a specific section or sections of the Code shall be deemed to include a reference to any corresponding provision of any successor law.

Commences Commercial Service means the date upon which a Capital Improvement is first put into commercial service by a Group Member following completion of construction, replacement, improvement or expansion and testing, as applicable.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Unit means a Limited Partner Interest having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Common Units in this Agreement. The term Common Unit does not refer to or include (a) any Class B, Series 1 Unit, (b) any Class B, Series 2 Unit, (c) any Class P Unit, or (d) prior to its conversion into a Common Unit pursuant to the terms hereof, any Series A Preferred Unit or any Non-Voting Common Unit, except that, with respect to Article VI, the term Common Unit shall be deemed to also refer to any Non-Voting Common Unit.

Conflicts Committee means a committee of the Board of Directors composed of two or more directors, each of whom (a) is not an officer or employee of the XPLR Partners General Partner or XPLR Partners, (b) is not an officer, director or employee of any Affiliate of the XPLR Partners General Partner or XPLR Partners, (c) is not a holder of any ownership interest in the XPLR Partners General Partner or its Affiliates, including XPLR Partners, or the Partnership Group other than (i) XPLR Partners Common Units and (ii) awards that are granted to such director in his capacity as a director under any long-term incentive plan, equity compensation plan or similar plan implemented by the XPLR Partners General Partner or XPLR Partners and (d) is determined by the Board of Directors to be independent under the independence standards, established by the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder and 

5

by the National Securities Exchange on which the XPLR Partners Common Units are listed or admitted to trading (or if no such National Securities Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange), for directors who serve on an audit committee of a board of directors.

Construction Contributions means cash or cash equivalents contributed to any Group Member by an Affiliate of the General Partner (other than any Group Member) for the purpose of funding construction costs or related expenses of any Group Member (or other Person that is not a Subsidiary of a Group Member, as contemplated in the definition of Capital Improvement).

Construction Debt means debt incurred to fund (a) all or a portion of a Capital Improvement, (b) interest payments (including periodic net payments under related interest rate swap agreements) and related fees on other Construction Debt or (c) distributions on Construction Equity.

Construction Equity means equity issued to fund (a) all or a portion of a Capital Improvement, (b) interest payments (including periodic net payments under related interest rate swap agreements) and related fees on Construction Debt or (c) distributions on other Construction Equity.

Construction Period means the period beginning on the date that a Group Member (or other Person that is not a Subsidiary of a Group Member, as contemplated in the definition of Capital Improvement) enters into a binding obligation to commence a Capital Improvement and ending on the earlier to occur of the date that such Capital Improvement Commences Commercial Service and the date that the Group Member abandons or disposes of such Capital Improvement.

Contributed Property means each property or other asset, in such form as may be permitted by the Delaware Act, but excluding cash, contributed or deemed contributed to the Partnership. Once the Carrying Value of a Contributed Property is adjusted pursuant to Section 5.3(d), such property or other asset shall no longer constitute a Contributed Property, but shall be deemed an Adjusted Property.

Converting Holder means a Record Holder of Non-Voting Common Units that are automatically converted into Common Units pursuant to Section 5.9(b)(v).

Delaware Act means the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, 6 Del C. Section 17-101, et seq., as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, and any successor to such statute.

Departing General Partner means a former general partner from and after the effective date of any withdrawal or removal of such former general partner pursuant to Section 11.1 or Section 11.2.

Depreciation means, for each taxable period, an amount equal to the depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction allowable with respect to an asset for such taxable 

6

year for U.S. federal income tax purposes, except that if the Carrying Value of an asset differs from its adjusted basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Depreciation shall be an amount which bears the same ratio to such beginning Carrying Value as the U.S. federal income tax depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction for such taxable period bears to such beginning adjusted tax basis; provided, however, that if the adjusted basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes of an asset is zero, Depreciation shall be determined with reference to such beginning Carrying Value using any reasonable method selected by the General Partner in accordance with Treasury Regulation 1.704-3.

Derivative Partnership Interests means any options, rights, warrants, appreciation rights, tracking, profit and phantom interests and other derivative securities relating to, convertible into or exchangeable for Partnership Interests; provided, however, that a Partnership Interest relating to, convertible into or exchangeable for another Partnership Interest shall not be a Derivative Partnership Interest.

Economic Risk of Loss has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.752-2(a).

Effective Date has the meaning given such term in the preamble.

Equity Plan means any unit or equity purchase plan, restricted unit or equity plan or other similar equity compensation plan now or hereafter adopted by XPLR Partners or the XPLR Partners General Partner.

Event of Withdrawal has the meaning given such term in Section 11.1(a).

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, and any successor to such statute.

Exchange Agreement means the Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2014, among XPLR Partners, the XPLR Partners General Partner, NEE Equity and the Partnership.

Expansion Capital Expenditures means cash expenditures for Capital Improvements. Expansion Capital Expenditures shall include interest (including periodic net payments under related interest rate swap agreements) and related fees paid during the Construction Period on Construction Debt. Where cash expenditures are made in part for Expansion Capital Expenditures and in part for other purposes, the General Partner shall determine the allocation between the amounts paid for each.

Fourth Amended and Restated LP Agreement means the Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners, LP, dated as of December 27, 2023.

General Partner means XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its successors and permitted assigns that are admitted to the Partnership as general partner of the Partnership, in their capacity as general partner of the 

7

Partnership (except as the context otherwise requires). The General Partner is the sole general partner of the Partnership and the holder of the General Partner Interest.

General Partner Interest means the non-economic management interest of the General Partner in the Partnership (in its capacity as general partner without reference to any Limited Partner Interest), which includes any and all rights, powers and benefits to which the General Partner is entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with all obligations of the General Partner to comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. The General Partner Interest does not include any rights to ownership or profits or losses or any rights to receive distributions from operations or upon the liquidation or winding-up of the Partnership.

Gross Liability Value means, with respect to any Liability of the Partnership described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.752-7(b)(3)(i), the amount of cash that a willing assignor would pay to a willing assignee to assume such Liability in an arms-length transaction.

Group means two or more Persons that with or through any of their respective Affiliates or Associates, have any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except voting pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made to 10 or more Persons), exercising investment power or disposing of any Partnership Interests with any other Person that beneficially owns, or whose Affiliates or Associates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, Partnership Interests.

Group Member means a member of the Partnership Group. 

Group Member Agreement means the partnership agreement of any Group Member, other than the Partnership, that is a limited or general partnership, the limited liability company agreement of any Group Member that is a limited liability company, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws or similar organizational documents of any Group Member that is a corporation, the joint venture agreement or similar governing document of any Group Member that is a joint venture and the governing or organizational or similar documents of any other Group Member that is a Person other than a limited or general partnership, limited liability company, corporation or joint venture, as such may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time.

Hedge Contract means any exchange, swap, forward, cap, floor, collar, option or other similar agreement or arrangement entered into for the purpose of reducing the exposure of a Group Member to fluctuations in interest rates, commodity prices, basis differentials or currency exchange rates in their operations or financing activities and not for speculative purposes.

IDR Fee has the meaning given such term in the Management Services Agreement.

Indemnitee means (a) the General Partner, (b) any Departing General Partner, (c) any Person who is or was an Affiliate of the General Partner or any Departing General Partner, (d) any Person who is or was a manager, managing member, general partner, director, officer, fiduciary or trustee of (i) any Group Member, the General Partner or any Departing General 

8

Partner or (ii) any Affiliate of any Group Member, the General Partner or any Departing General Partner, (e) any Person who is or was serving at the request of the General Partner or any Departing General Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner or any Departing General Partner as a manager, managing member, general partner, director, officer, fiduciary or trustee of another Person owing a fiduciary duty to any Group Member; provided that a Person shall not be an Indemnitee by reason of providing, on a fee-for-services basis, trustee, fiduciary or custodial services, and (f) any Person the General Partner designates as an Indemnitee for purposes of this Agreement because such Persons status, service or relationship exposes such Person to potential claims, demands, suits or proceedings relating to the Partnership Groups business and affairs.

Initial Common Units means the Common Units outstanding on the Closing Date.

Initial Limited Partners means NEE Equity and XPLR Partners.

Initial Public Offering means the initial offering and sale of XPLR Partners Common Units to the public, as described in the IPO Registration Statement.

Initial Unit Price means (a) with respect to the Common Units, the initial public offering price per XPLR Partners Common Unit at which the XPLR Partners Common Units were first offered to the public for sale as set forth on the cover page of the IPO Prospectus or (b) with respect to any other class or series of Units, the price per Unit at which such class or series of Units is initially sold by the Partnership, as determined by the General Partner, in each case adjusted as the General Partner determines to be appropriate to give effect to any distribution, subdivision or combination of Units. 

Interim Capital Transactions means the following transactions if they occur prior to the Liquidation Date: (a) borrowings, refinancings or refundings of indebtedness (other than Working Capital Borrowings and other than for items purchased on open account or for a deferred purchase price in the ordinary course of business) by any Group Member and sales of debt securities of any Group Member; (b) sales of equity interests of any Group Member to anyone other than the Partnership Group; (c) sales or other voluntary or involuntary dispositions of any assets of any Group Member other than (i) sales or other dispositions of inventory, accounts receivable and other assets in the ordinary course of business and (ii) sales or other dispositions of assets as part of normal retirements or replacements; and (d) Capital Contributions received by the Partnership Group.

IPO Prospectus means the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering dated June 26, 2014 and filed by XPLR Partners with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act on June 29, 2014.

IPO Registration Statement means the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-196099), as amended, filed by XPLR Partners with the Commission under the Securities Act to register the offering and sale of the XPLR Partners Common Units in the Initial Public Offering. 

9

Liability means any liability or obligation of any nature, whether accrued, contingent or otherwise.

Limited Partner means, unless the context otherwise requires, each Person that becomes a Limited Partner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, in each case, in such Persons capacity as a limited partner of the Partnership.

Limited Partner Interest means an interest of a Limited Partner in the Partnership, which may be evidenced by Series A Preferred Units, Common Units, Non-Voting Common Units or any other Partnership Interest (including the Class B, Series 1 Limited Partner Interest, the Class B, Series 2 Limited Partner Interest, and the Class P Limited Partner Interest, but excluding the General Partner Interest) or a combination thereof (but excluding Derivative Partnership Interests), and includes any and all benefits to which such Limited Partner is entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with all obligations of such Limited Partner pursuant to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, in each case, in its capacity as a Limited Partner.

Liquidation Date means (a) in the case of an event giving rise to the dissolution of the Partnership of the type described in clauses (a) and (b) of Section 12.2, the date on which the applicable time period during which the holders of Outstanding Units have the right to elect to continue the business of the Partnership has expired without such an election being made and (b) in the case of any other event giving rise to the dissolution of the Partnership, the date on which such event occurs.

Liquidator means one or more Persons selected by the General Partner to perform the functions described in Section 12.4 as liquidating trustee of the Partnership within the meaning of the Delaware Act.

Management Services Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2017, among XPLR Partners, the Partnership, the General Partner and NEE Management.

Manager has the meaning set forth in the Management Services Agreement. 

Maintenance Capital Expenditure means cash expenditures, including expenditures for (a) the acquisition (through an asset acquisition, merger, stock acquisition or other form of investment) by any Group Member of existing assets or assets under construction, (b) the construction or development of new capital assets by a Group Member, (c) the replacement or expansion of, or addition or improvement to, existing capital assets by a Group Member or (d) a capital contribution by a Group Member to a Person that is not a Subsidiary in which a Group Member has, or after such Capital Contribution will have, directly or indirectly, an equity interest, to fund such Group Members pro rata share of the cost of the acquisition, construction, development, replacement or expansion of, or addition or improvement to, capital assets by such Person, in each case if and to the extent such acquisition, construction, development, replacement, expansion, addition or improvement is made to maintain over the long-term, the operating capacity, operating income or operating cash flow of the Partnership Group, in the case 

10

of clauses (a), (b) and (c), or such Person, in the case of clause (d). For purposes of this definition, long-term generally refers to a period of not less than twelve months.

Market Value means the fair market value of an XPLR Partners Common Unit, which shall be determined as of any date of determination as follows:

(a) If on such date of determination the XPLR Partners Common Units are listed on the National Securities Exchange, or are publicly traded on another established securities market (a Securities Market), the Market Value of an XPLR Partners Common Units shall be the closing price of the XPLR Partners Common Unit on the trading day immediately preceding such date of determination as reported on such National Securities Exchange or such Securities Market (provided that, if there is more than one such National Securities Exchange or Securities Market, a committee of, and designated from time to time by resolution of, the Board of Directors shall designate the appropriate National Securities Exchange or Securities Market for purposes of the Market Value determination). If there is no such reported closing price on the trading day immediately preceding such date of determination, the Fair Market Value of an XPLR Partners Common Unit shall be the closing price of the XPLR Partners Common Unit on the next preceding day on which any sale of XPLR Partners Common Units shall have been reported on such National Securities Exchange or such Securities Market.

(b) If on such date of determination the XPLR Partners Common Units are not listed on a National Securities Exchange or publicly traded on a Securities Market, the Market Value of an XPLR Partners Common Unit shall be the value of the XPLR Partners Common Unit on such date of determination as determined by a committee of, and designated from time to time by resolution of, the Board of Directors by the reasonable application of a reasonable valuation method, in a manner consistent with Code Section 409A.

Merger Agreement has the meaning given such term in Section 14.1.

Minimum Quarterly Distribution means $0.1875 per Unit per Quarter, subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 6.6.

MSA Payments means all payment obligations of any Group Member or XPLR Partners under the Management Services Agreement other than the portion of any IDR Fee payments made to NEE Management relating to cash distributions paid during the Construction Period on Construction Equity.

National Securities Exchange means an exchange registered with the Commission under Section 6(a) of the Exchange Act (or any successor to such Section). 

NEE means NextEra Energy, Inc., a Florida corporation.

NEE Equity means NextEra Energy Equity Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership.

11

NEE Management means NextEra Energy Management Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership.

Net Agreed Value means, (a) in the case of any Contributed Property, the Agreed Value of such property or other consideration reduced by any Liabilities either assumed by the Partnership upon such contribution or to which such property or other consideration is subject when contributed and (b) in the case of any property distributed to a Partner by the Partnership, the Partnerships Carrying Value of such property (as adjusted pursuant to Section 5.3(d)) at the time such property is distributed, reduced by any Liabilities either assumed by such Partner upon such distribution or to which such property is subject at the time of distribution, in either case as determined and required by the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 704(b) of the Code.

Net Income means, for any taxable period, the excess, if any, of the Partnerships items of income and gain for such taxable period over the Partnerships items of loss and deduction for such taxable period. The items included in the calculation of Net Income shall be determined in accordance with Section 5.3(b) and shall not include any items specially allocated under Section 6.1(b).

Net Loss means, for any taxable period, the excess, if any, of the Partnerships items of loss and deduction for such taxable period over the Partnerships items of income and gain for such taxable period. The items included in the calculation of Net Loss shall be determined in accordance with Section 5.3(b) and shall not include any items specially allocated under Section 6.1(b). 

Nonrecourse Built-in Gain means with respect to any Contributed Properties or Adjusted Properties that are subject to a mortgage or pledge securing a Nonrecourse Liability, the amount of any taxable gain that would be allocated to the Partners pursuant to Section 6.2(b) if such properties were disposed of in a taxable transaction in full satisfaction of such liabilities and for no other consideration.

Nonrecourse Deductions means any and all items of loss, deduction or expenditure (including any expenditure described in Section 705(a)(2)(B) of the Code) that, in accordance with the principles of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(b), are attributable to a Nonrecourse Liability.

Nonrecourse Liability has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.752-1(a)(2).

Non-Voting Common Units means Limited Partner Interests having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Units designated as Non-Voting Common Units in this Agreement and issued pursuant to Section 5.12.

Operating Expenditures means, without duplication, (i) all Partnership Group cash expenditures (or the Partnerships proportionate share of expenditures in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned), including taxes, compensation of employees and directors of the 

12

Partnership Group, reimbursement of expenses of the General Partner and its Affiliates, MSA Payments, payments under the Cash Sweep and Credit Support Agreement (other than the return of Reserved Cash (as defined therein) to an Affiliate of the General Partner other than XPLR Partners or the Partnership Group), debt service payments (including principal amortization payments on Project Debt), Maintenance Capital Expenditures, repayment of Working Capital Borrowings and payments made in the ordinary course of business under any Hedge Contracts pursuant to sub-clause (d) of this definition, and (ii) all cash expenditures of XPLR Partners, including reimbursement of expenses of its general partner and its Affiliates, other than federal income taxes payable by XPLR Partners, subject to the following:

(a) repayments of Working Capital Borrowings deducted from Operating Surplus pursuant to clause (b)(iii) of the definition of Operating Surplus shall not constitute Operating Expenditures when actually repaid;

(b) payments (including prepayments and prepayment penalties) of principal of and premium on indebtedness other than Working Capital Borrowings and Project Debt shall not constitute Operating Expenditures;

(c) Operating Expenditures shall not include (i) Expansion Capital Expenditures, (ii) payment of transaction expenses (including taxes) relating to Interim Capital Transactions, (iii) distributions to Partners, (iv) repurchases of Partnership Interests, including repurchases or redemptions of Partnership Interests under the Exchange Agreement, other than repurchases of XPLR Partners Partnership Interests by XPLR Partners to satisfy obligations under employee benefit plans;

(d) (i) amounts paid in connection with the initial purchase of a Hedge Contract shall be amortized over the life of such Hedge Contract and (ii) payments made in connection with the termination of any Hedge Contract prior to the expiration of its scheduled settlement or termination date shall be included in equal quarterly installments over the remaining scheduled life of such Hedge Contract.

Operating Surplus means, with respect to any period ending prior to the Liquidation Date, on a cumulative basis and without duplication,

(a) the sum of (i) $35.0 million, (ii) all cash receipts (including any Cash Sweep Withdrawals) of the Partnership Group (or the Partnerships proportionate share of cash receipts in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) for the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the last day of such period, but excluding cash receipts from Interim Capital Transactions and the termination of Hedge Contracts (provided that cash receipts from the termination of a Hedge Contract prior to its scheduled settlement or termination date shall be included in Operating Surplus in equal quarterly installments over the remaining scheduled life of such Hedge Contract), (iii) all cash receipts of the Partnership Group (or the Partnerships proportionate share of cash receipts in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) after the end of such period but on or before the date of determination of Operating Surplus with respect to such period resulting from Working Capital Borrowings and (iv) the amount of cash 

13

distributions paid during the Construction Period on Construction Equity and the portion of any IDR Fee payments made to NEE Management relating to such cash distributions; less 

(b) the sum of (i) Operating Expenditures for the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the last day of such period, (ii) the amount of cash reserves (or the Partnerships proportionate share of cash reserves in the case of Subsidiaries that are not wholly owned) established by the General Partner to provide funds for future Operating Expenditures and (iii) all Working Capital Borrowings not repaid within twelve months after having been incurred, or repaid within such 12-month period with the proceeds of additional Working Capital Borrowings; provided, however, that disbursements made (including contributions to a Group Member or disbursements on behalf of a Group Member) or cash reserves established, increased or reduced after the end of such period but on or before the date of determination of Available Cash with respect to such period shall be deemed to have been made, established, increased or reduced, for purposes of determining Operating Surplus, within such period if the General Partner so determines.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Operating Surplus with respect to the Quarter in which the Liquidation Date occurs and any subsequent Quarter shall equal zero.

Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion of counsel (who may be regular counsel to, or the general counsel or other inside counsel of, the Partnership, XPLR Partners, the General Partner or the XPLR Partners General Partner or any of its Affiliates) acceptable to the General Partner or to such other person selecting such counsel or obtaining such opinion.

Optionee means a Person to whom a unit option is granted under any Unit Option Plan. 

Outstanding means, with respect to Partnership Interests, all Partnership Interests that are issued by the Partnership and reflected as outstanding in the Register as of the date of determination.

Partner Nonrecourse Debt has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(b)(4).

Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(2).

Partner Nonrecourse Deductions means any and all items of loss, deduction or expenditure (including any expenditure described in Section 705(a)(2)(B) of the Code) that, in accordance with the principles of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i), are attributable to a Partner Nonrecourse Debt.

Partners means the General Partner and the Limited Partners; provided, however, that, for purposes of the provisions of this Agreement relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts and the allocation of items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit, the term Partners shall not include the General Partner for so long as the General Partners sole interest in the Partnership is a non-economic interest. 

14

Partnership means XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership. 

Partnership Employee means any employee of the Partnership Group or XPLR Partners or the XPLR Partners General Partner.

Partnership Group means, collectively, the Partnership and its Subsidiaries.

Partnership Interest means the General Partner Interest and any class or series of equity interest in the Partnership, which shall include any Limited Partner Interests but shall exclude any Derivative Partnership Interests.

Partnership Minimum Gain means that amount determined in accordance with the principles of Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-2(b)(2) and 1.704-2(d).

Percentage Interest means as of any date of determination (a) as to any Unitholder with respect to Units (or Units of any class) (other than with respect to Series A Preferred Units), as the case may be, the product obtained by multiplying (i) 100% less the percentage applicable to clause (b) below by (ii) the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the number of Units (or Units of the designated class) (excluding Series A Preferred Units) held by such Unitholder, as the case may be, by (B) the total number of Outstanding Units (or Outstanding Units of the designated class) (excluding Series A Preferred Units), and (b) as to the holders of other Partnership Interests (other than with respect to Series A Preferred Units) issued by the Partnership in accordance with Section 5.4, the percentage established as a part of such issuance. The Percentage Interest with respect to a Series A Preferred Unit shall at all times be zero. 

Person means an individual or a corporation, firm, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, estate, unincorporated organization, association, government agency or political subdivision thereof or other entity.

Plan of Conversion has the meaning given such term in Section 14.1.

Pro Rata means (a) when used with respect to Units or any class thereof, apportioned among all designated Units in accordance with their relative Percentage Interests, (b) when used with respect to Partners or Record Holders (or Partners or Record Holders of any class of Units or Partnership Interests), apportioned among all such Partners or Record Holders in accordance with their relative Percentage Interests, and (c) when used with respect to Series A Preferred Unitholders, apportioned among all Series A Preferred Unitholders in accordance with the relative number or percentage of Series A Preferred Units held by each such Series A Preferred Unitholder.

Project Debt means indebtedness of any of the Partnerships Subsidiaries that is the direct or indirect owner or lessee or is intended to become the owner, lessee or developer of generating, transmission, distribution or other operating assets, or assets related thereto, or of any other power or energy facility, or any assets relating to any of the foregoing.

15

Quarter means, unless the context requires otherwise, a fiscal quarter of the Partnership, or, with respect to the fiscal quarter of the Partnership that includes the Closing Date, the portion of such fiscal quarter after the Closing Date. 

Recapture Income means any gain recognized by the Partnership (computed without regard to any adjustment required by Section 734 or Section 743 of the Code) upon the disposition of any property or asset of the Partnership, which gain is characterized as ordinary income because it represents the recapture of deductions previously taken with respect to such property or asset.

Record Date means the date established by the General Partner or otherwise in accordance with this Agreement for determining (a) the identity of the Record Holders entitled to receive notice of, or entitled to exercise rights in respect of, any lawful action of Limited Partners (including voting) or (b) the identity of Record Holders entitled to receive any report or distribution or to participate in any offer.

Record Holder means (a) with respect to any class of Partnership Interests for which a Transfer Agent has been appointed, the Person in whose name a Partnership Interest of such class is registered on the books of the Transfer Agent and the Register as of the Partnerships close of business on a particular Business Day or (b) with respect to other classes of Partnership Interests, the Person in whose name any such other Partnership Interest is registered in the Register as of the Partnerships close of business on a particular Business Day.

Register has the meaning given such term in Section 4.5(a) of this Agreement. 

Registration Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2014, between XPLR Partners and NextEra Energy, Inc. 

Required Allocations means any allocation of an item of income, gain, loss or deduction pursuant to Section 6.1(b).

Right of First Offer Agreement means the Amended and Restated Right of First Offer Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2017, among XPLR Partners, the Partnership and NextEra Energy Resources, LLC that provides the Partnership with a right of first offer to purchase certain assets of NextEra Energy Resources, LLC or certain of its affiliates offered for sale.

Right of First Refusal Agreement means the Right of First Refusal Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2017, among XPLR Partners, the Partnership and NextEra Energy Resources, LLC that provides NextEra Energy Resources, LLC with a right of first refusal to purchase certain assets of the Partnership or certain of its affiliates offered for sale;

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, and any successor to such statute.

Series A Definitions means the following definitions in this Agreement: Available Cash, Certificate, Common Unit, Derivative Partnership Interests, Limited Partner Interest, 

16

Percentage Interest, Pro Rata, Unit, Unit Majority, and the additional Series A Preferred Unit definitions set forth in Section 5.11. 

Special Approval means approval by a majority of the members of the Conflicts Committee acting in good faith.

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, (a) a corporation of which more than 50% of the voting power of shares entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors or other governing body of such corporation is owned, directly or indirectly, at the date of determination, by such Person, by one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof, (b) a partnership (whether general or limited) in which such Person or a Subsidiary of such Person is, at the date of determination, a general or limited partner of such partnership, but only if such Person, directly or by one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or a combination thereof, controls such partnership on the date hereof; or (c) any other Person (other than a corporation or a partnership) in which such Person, one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or a combination thereof, directly or indirectly, at the date of determination, has the power to elect or direct the election of a majority of the directors or other governing body of such Person.

Surviving Business Entity has the meaning given such term in Section 14.2(b).

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Group Member Agreement of each other Group Member, the Management Services Agreement, the Exchange Agreement, the Right of First Offer Agreement, the Right of First Refusal Agreement, the Cash Sweep and Credit Support Agreement, and the Registration Rights Agreement, as each such agreement is amended or supplemented from time to time.

transfer has the meaning given such term in Section 4.4(a).

Transfer Agent means such bank, trust company or other Person (including the General Partner or one of its Affiliates) as may be appointed from time to time by the General Partner to act as registrar and transfer agent for any class of Partnership Interests in accordance with the Exchange Act and the rules of the National Securities Exchange on which such Partnership Interests are listed (if any); provided that, if no such Person is appointed as registrar and transfer agent for any class of Partnership Interests, the General Partner shall act as registrar and transfer agent for such class of Partnership Interests.

Treasury Regulation means the United States Treasury regulations promulgated under the Code.

Unit means a Partnership Interest that is designated by the General Partner as a Unit and shall include Series A Preferred Units, Common Units, Non-Voting Common Units, Class B, Series 1 Units, Class B, Series 2 Units, and Class P Units.

17

Unit Majority means at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units (including the Series A Preferred Units as provided in Section 5.11, but excluding the Non-Voting Common Units).

Unit Option Plan means any unit option plan now or hereafter adopted by the Partnership, XPLR Partners or the XPLR Partners General Partner.

Unitholders means the Record Holders of Units.

Unrealized Gain means, as of any date of determination, the excess, if any, attributable to any item of Partnership property, of (a) the fair market value of such property as of such date (as determined under Section 5.3(d)) over (b) the Carrying Value of such property as of such date (prior to any adjustment to be made pursuant to Section 5.3(d) as of such date).

Unrealized Loss means, as of any date of determination, the excess, if any, attributable to any item of Partnership property, of (a) the Carrying Value of such property as of such date (prior to any adjustment to be made pursuant to Section 5.3(d) as of such date) over (b) the fair market value of such property as of such date (as determined under Section 5.3(d)).

Unrecovered Initial Unit Price means at any time, with respect to a Unit, the Initial Unit Price less the sum of all distributions constituting Capital Surplus theretofore made in respect of an Initial Common Unit and any distributions of cash (or the Net Agreed Value of any distributions in kind) in connection with the dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership theretofore made in respect of an Initial Common Unit, adjusted as the General Partner determines to be appropriate to give effect to any distribution, subdivision or combination of such Units.

Unrestricted Person means (a) each Indemnitee, (b) each Partner, (c) each Person who is or was a member, partner, director, officer, employee or agent of any Group Member, a General Partner or any Departing General Partner or any Affiliate of any Group Member, a General Partner or any Departing General Partner and (d) any Person the General Partner designates from time to time as an Unrestricted Person for purposes of this Agreement.

Unreturned Excess Funds means the amount of Cash Sweep Withdrawals that remain unreturned on the date of determination of Available Cash for such Quarter.

U.S. GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles, as in effect from time to time, consistently applied.

Working Capital Borrowings means borrowings incurred pursuant to a credit facility, commercial paper facility or similar financing arrangement that are used solely for working capital purposes or to pay distributions to the Partners; provided that when such borrowings are incurred it is the intent of the borrower to repay such borrowings within 12 months from the date of such borrowings other than from additional Working Capital Borrowings.

XPLR Partners means XPLR Infrastructure, LP, a Delaware limited partnership.

18

XPLR Partners Common Units means limited partner interests in XPLR Partners having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Common Units in the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement.

XPLR Partners General Partner means XPLR Infrastructure Partners GP, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors and permitted assigns that are admitted to XPLR Partners as general partner of XPLR Partners, in their capacity as general partner of XPLR Partners (except as the context otherwise requires).

XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units means limited partner interests in XPLR Partners having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Non-Voting Common Units in the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement.

XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement means the Sixth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of XPLR Partners, dated as of January 23, 2025, as the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

XPLR Partners Partnership Interest has the meaning of Partnership Interest set forth in the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement.

Section 1.2 Construction. Unless the context requires otherwise: (a) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa; (b) references to Articles and Sections refer to Articles and Sections of this Agreement; (c) the terms include, includes, including or words of like import shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation; and (d) the terms hereof, herein or hereunder refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only, and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. The General Partner has the power to construe and interpret this Agreement and to act upon any such construction or interpretation. Any construction or interpretation of this Agreement by the General Partner and any action taken pursuant thereto and any determination made by the General Partner in good faith shall, in each case, be conclusive and binding on all Record Holders and all other Persons for all purposes.

ARTICLE II

ORGANIZATION

Section 2.1 Formation. The General Partner and NEE Equity have formed the Partnership as a limited partnership pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware Act. The initial Agreement of Limited Partnership was amended and restated in its entirety as the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners, LP, dated as of July 1, 2014 (the First Amended and Restated LP Agreement) and has been further amended and restated, most recently by the Fourth Amended and Restated LP Agreement. The General Partner, with the approval of XPLR Partners General Partner required 

19

pursuant to Section 13.1 of the Fourth Amended and Restated LP Agreement, hereby amends and restates the Fourth Amended and Restated LP Agreement in its entirety. This amendment and restatement shall become effective on the date of this Agreement. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, the rights, duties, liabilities and obligations of the Partners and the administration, dissolution and termination of the Partnership shall be governed by the Delaware Act. All Partnership Interests shall constitute personal property of the record owner thereof for all purposes.

Section 2.2 Name. The name of the Partnership shall be XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners, LP. Subject to applicable law, the Partnerships business may be conducted under any other name or names as determined by the General Partner, including the name of the General Partner. The words Limited Partnership, L.P., Ltd. or similar words or letters shall be included in the Partnerships name where necessary for the purpose of complying with the laws of any jurisdiction that so requires. The General Partner may change the name of the Partnership at any time and from time to time and shall notify the Limited Partners of such change in the next regular communication to the Limited Partners.

Section 2.3 Registered Office; Registered Agent; Principal Office; Other Offices. Unless and until changed by the General Partner, the registered office of the Partnership in the State of Delaware shall be located at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808, and the registered agent for service of process on the Partnership in the State of Delaware at such registered office shall be Corporation Service Company. The principal office of the Partnership shall be located at 700 Universe Boulevard, Juno Beach, Florida 33408, or such other place as the General Partner may from time to time designate by notice to the Limited Partners. The Partnership may maintain offices at such other place or places within or outside the State of Delaware as the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate. The address of the General Partner shall be 700 Universe Boulevard, Juno Beach, Florida 33408, or such other place as the General Partner may from time to time designate by notice to the Limited Partners.

Section 2.4 Purpose and Business. The purpose and nature of the business to be conducted by the Partnership shall be to (a) engage directly in, or enter into or form, hold and dispose of any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other arrangement to engage indirectly in, any business activity that is approved by the General Partner and that lawfully may be conducted by a limited partnership organized pursuant to the Delaware Act and, in connection therewith, to exercise all of the rights and powers conferred upon the Partnership pursuant to the agreements relating to such business activity, and (b) do anything necessary or appropriate to the foregoing, including the making of capital contributions or loans to a Group Member; provided, however, that, without the prior written consent of the XPLR Partners General Partner, which consent shall be granted or withheld in its sole discretion, the Partnership and each other Group Member shall not have any power or authority to solicit, review, respond to or otherwise participate in any request for proposal relating to, or otherwise engage in, or seek to engage in, the development of: (i) any wind or solar energy project (other than any off-shore project), (ii) any natural gas pipeline, or (iii) any utility-scale battery storage facility, in each case, anywhere in the world, other than those projects described in clauses (i) through (iii) that are owned or are being developed by a Group Member as of the Effective 

20

Date. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the General Partner shall have no duty or obligation to propose or approve the conduct by the Partnership of any business and may decline to do so free of any duty or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership or any Limited Partner and, in declining to so propose or approve, shall not be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity and the General Partner in determining whether to propose or approve the conduct by the Partnership of any business shall be permitted to do so in its sole and absolute discretion.

Section 2.5 Powers. The Partnership shall be empowered to do any and all acts and things necessary, appropriate, proper, advisable, incidental to or convenient for the furtherance and accomplishment of the purposes and business described in Section 2.4 and for the protection and benefit of the Partnership.

Section 2.6 Term. The term of the Partnership commenced upon the filing of the Certificate of Limited Partnership in accordance with the Delaware Act and shall continue in existence until the dissolution of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions of Article XII. The existence of the Partnership as a separate legal entity shall continue until the cancellation of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as provided in the Delaware Act.

Section 2.7 Title to Partnership Assets. Title to the assets of the Partnership, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, shall be deemed to be owned by the Partnership as an entity, and no Partner, individually or collectively, shall have any ownership interest in such assets of the Partnership or any portion thereof. Title to any or all assets of the Partnership may be held in the name of the Partnership, the General Partner, one or more of its Affiliates or one or more nominees of the General Partner or its Affiliates, as the General Partner may determine. The General Partner hereby declares and warrants that any assets of the Partnership for which record title is held in the name of the General Partner or one or more of its Affiliates or one or more nominees of the General Partner or its Affiliates shall be held by the General Partner or such Affiliate or nominee for the use and benefit of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; provided, however, that the General Partner shall use reasonable efforts to cause record title to such assets (other than those assets in respect of which the General Partner determines that the expense and difficulty of conveyancing makes transfer of record title to the Partnership impracticable) to be vested in the Partnership or one or more of the Partnerships designated Affiliates as soon as reasonably practicable; provided, further, that, prior to the withdrawal or removal of the General Partner or as soon thereafter as practicable, the General Partner shall use reasonable efforts to effect the transfer of record title to the Partnership and, prior to any such transfer, will provide for the use of such assets in a manner satisfactory to any successor General Partner. All assets of the Partnership shall be recorded as the property of the Partnership in its books and records, irrespective of the name in which record title to such assets of the Partnership is held.

21

ARTICLE III

RIGHTS OF LIMITED PARTNERS

Section 3.1 Limitation of Liability. The Limited Partners shall have no liability under this Agreement except as expressly provided in this Agreement or the Delaware Act. 

Section 3.2 Management of Business. No Limited Partner, in its capacity as such, shall participate in the operation, management or control (within the meaning of the Delaware Act) of the Partnerships business, transact any business in the Partnerships name or have the power to sign documents for or otherwise bind the Partnership. No action taken by any Affiliate of the General Partner or any officer, director, employee, manager, member, general partner, agent or trustee of the General Partner or any of its Affiliates, or any officer, director, employee, manager, member, general partner, agent or trustee of a Group Member, in its capacity as such, shall be deemed to be participating in the control of the business of the Partnership by a limited partner of the Partnership (within the meaning of Section 17-303(a) of the Delaware Act) nor shall any such action affect, impair or eliminate the limitations on the liability of the Limited Partners under this Agreement. 

Section 3.3 Rights of Limited Partners.

(a) Each Limited Partner shall have the right, upon written request and at such Limited Partners own expense to obtain a copy of this Agreement and the Certificate of Limited Partnership and all amendments thereto.

(b) Each of the Partners and each other Person or Group who acquires an interest in Partnership Interests hereby agrees to the fullest extent permitted by law that they do not have any rights as Partners to receive any information either pursuant to Sections 17-305(a) of the Delaware Act or otherwise except for the right to obtain a copy of this Agreement and the Certificate of Limited Partnership set forth in Section 3.3(a).

ARTICLE IV

CERTIFICATES; RECORD HOLDERS;

TRANSFER OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS

Section 4.1 Certificates. Owners of Partnership Interests and, where appropriate, Derivative Partnership Interests, shall be recorded in the Register and ownership of such interests shall be evidenced by a physical certificate or book entry notation in the Register, except to the extent otherwise provided herein with respect to any class of Units. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, unless the General Partner shall determine otherwise in respect of some or all of any or all classes of Partnership Interests and Derivative Partnership Interests, Partnership Interests and Derivative Partnership Interests shall not be evidenced by physical certificates. Certificates, if any, shall be executed on behalf of the Partnership by the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer or any Vice 

22

President and the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, or other authorized officer of the General Partner, and shall bear the legend set forth in Section 4.7(c). The signatures of such officers upon a certificate may be facsimiles. In case any officer who has signed or whose signature has been placed upon such certificate shall have ceased to be such officer before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Partnership with the same effect as if he were such officer at the date of its issuance. If a Transfer Agent has been appointed for a class of Partnership Interests, no Certificate for such class of Partnership Interests shall be valid for any purpose until it has been countersigned by the Transfer Agent; provided, however, that, if the General Partner elects to cause the Partnership to issue Partnership Interests of such class in global form, the Certificate shall be valid upon receipt of a certificate from the Transfer Agent certifying that the Partnership Interests have been duly registered in accordance with the directions of the Partnership. With respect to any Partnership Interests that are represented by physical certificates, the General Partner may determine that such Partnership Interests will no longer be represented by physical certificates and may, upon written notice to the holders of such Partnership Interests and subject to applicable law, take whatever actions it deems necessary or appropriate to cause such Partnership Interests to be registered in book entry or global form and may cause such physical certificates to be cancelled or deemed cancelled.

Section 4.2 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates.

(a) If any mutilated Certificate is surrendered to the Transfer Agent, the appropriate officers of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership shall execute, and the Transfer Agent shall countersign and deliver in exchange therefor, a new Certificate evidencing the same number and type of Partnership Interests or Derivative Partnership Interests as the Certificate so surrendered.

(b) The appropriate officers of the General Partner, on behalf of the Partnership, shall execute and deliver, and the Transfer Agent shall countersign, a new Certificate in place of any Certificate previously issued, if the Record Holder of the Certificate:

(i) makes proof by affidavit, in form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, that a previously issued Certificate has been lost, destroyed or stolen;

(ii) requests the issuance of a new Certificate before the General Partner has notice that the Certificate has been acquired by a purchaser for value in good faith and without notice of an adverse claim;

(iii) if requested by the General Partner, delivers to the General Partner a bond, in form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, with surety or sureties and with fixed or open penalty as the General Partner may direct to indemnify the Partnership, the Partners, the General Partner and the Transfer Agent against any claim that may be made on account of the alleged loss, destruction or theft of the Certificate; and

23

(iv) satisfies any other reasonable requirements imposed by the General Partner or the Transfer Agent.

If a Limited Partner fails to notify the General Partner within a reasonable period of time after such Limited Partner has notice of the loss, destruction or theft of a Certificate, and a transfer of the Limited Partner Interests represented by the Certificate is registered before the Partnership, the General Partner or the Transfer Agent receives such notification, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Limited Partner shall be precluded from making any claim against the Partnership, the General Partner or the Transfer Agent for such transfer or for a new Certificate. 

(c) As a condition to the issuance of any new Certificate under this Section 4.2, the General Partner may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent) reasonably connected therewith. 

Section 4.3 Record Holders. The names and addresses of Unitholders as they appear in the Register shall be the official list of Record Holders of the Partnership Interests for all purposes. The Partnership and the General Partner shall be entitled to recognize the Record Holder as the Partner with respect to any Partnership Interest and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to, or interest in, such Partnership Interest on the part of any other Person or Group, regardless of whether the Partnership or the General Partner shall have actual or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by law or any applicable rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any National Securities Exchange on which such Partnership Interests are listed or admitted to trading. Without limiting the foregoing, when a Person (such as a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation or an agent of any of the foregoing) is acting as nominee, agent or in some other representative capacity for another Person or Group in acquiring and/or holding Partnership Interests, as between the Partnership on the one hand, and such other Person or Group on the other, such representative Person shall be the Limited Partner with respect to such Partnership Interest upon becoming the Record Holder in accordance with Section 10.1(b) and have the rights and obligations of a Partner hereunder as, and to the extent, provided herein, including Section 10.1(c).

Section 4.4 Transfer Generally.

(a) The term transfer, when used in this Agreement with respect to a Partnership Interest, shall be deemed to refer to a transaction (i) by which the General Partner assigns all or any part of its General Partner Interest to another Person, and includes a sale, assignment, gift, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation, mortgage, exchange or any other disposition by law or otherwise or (ii) by which the holder of a Limited Partner Interest assigns such Limited Partner Interest to another Person who is or becomes a Limited Partner as a result thereof, and includes a sale, assignment, gift, exchange or any other disposition by law or otherwise, excluding a pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or mortgage but including any transfer upon foreclosure of any pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or mortgage.

24

(b) No Partnership Interest shall be transferred, in whole or in part, except in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Article IV. Any transfer or purported transfer of a Partnership Interest not made in accordance with this Article IV shall be null and void, and the Partnership shall have no obligation to effect or recognize any such transfer or purported transfer.

(c) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent or limit a disposition by any stockholder, member, partner or other owner of the General Partner or any Limited Partner of any or all of such Persons shares of stock, membership interests, partnership interests or other ownership interests in the General Partner or such Limited Partner and the term transfer shall not include any such disposition.

Section 4.5 Registration and Transfer of Limited Partner Interests.

(a) The General Partner shall keep, or cause to be kept by the Transfer Agent on behalf of the Partnership, one or more registers in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe and subject to the provisions of Section 4.5(b), the registration and transfer of Limited Partner Interests, and any Derivative Partnership Interests as applicable, shall be recorded (the Register).

(b) The General Partner shall not recognize any transfer of Limited Partner Interests evidenced by Certificates until the Certificates evidencing such Limited Partner Interests are surrendered for registration of transfer. No charge shall be imposed by the General Partner for such transfer; provided, that as a condition to the issuance of any new Certificate under this Section 4.5, the General Partner may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed with respect thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent) reasonably connected therewith. Upon surrender of a Certificate for registration of transfer of any Limited Partner Interests evidenced by a Certificate, and subject to the provisions of this Section 4.5(b), the appropriate officers of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership shall execute and deliver, and in the case of Certificates evidencing Limited Partner Interests for which a Transfer Agent has been appointed, the Transfer Agent shall countersign and deliver, in the name of the holder or the designated transferee or transferees, as required pursuant to the holders instructions, one or more new Certificates evidencing the same aggregate number and type of Limited Partner Interests as was evidenced by the Certificate so surrendered. Upon the proper surrender of a Certificate, such transfer shall be recorded in the Register.

(c) Upon the receipt by the General Partner of proper transfer instructions from the Record Holder of uncertificated Partnership Interests, such transfer shall be recorded in the Register.

(d) By acceptance of any Limited Partner Interests pursuant to a transfer in accordance with this Article IV, each transferee of a Limited Partner Interest (including any nominee, or agent or representative acquiring such Limited Partner Interests for the account of another Person or Group) (i) shall be admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner with 

25

respect to the Limited Partner Interests so transferred to such Person when any such transfer or admission is reflected in the Register and such Person becomes the Record Holder of the Limited Partner Interests so transferred, (ii) shall become bound, and shall be deemed to have agreed to be bound, by the terms of this Agreement, (iii) shall be deemed to represent that the transferee has the capacity, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and (iv) shall be deemed to make any consents, acknowledgements or waivers contained in this Agreement, all with or without execution of this Agreement by such Person. The transfer of any Limited Partner Interests and the admission of any new Limited Partner shall not constitute an amendment to this Agreement.

(e) Subject to (i) the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.5, (ii) Section 4.3, (iii) Section 4.7, (iv) with respect to any class or series of Limited Partner Interests, the provisions of any statement of designations or an amendment to this Agreement establishing such class or series, (v) any contractual provisions binding on any Limited Partner and (vi) provisions of applicable law, including the Securities Act, Limited Partner Interests shall be freely transferable.

(f) The General Partner and its Affiliates (including NEE Equity) shall have the right at any time to transfer their Common Units to one or more Persons.

Section 4.6 Transfer of the General Partners General Partner Interest. The General Partner may transfer all or any part of its General Partner Interest without the consent of any other Partner; provided, however, that no transfer by the General Partner of all or any part of its General Partner Interest to another Person shall be permitted unless (a) the transferee agrees to assume the rights and duties of the General Partner under this Agreement and to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement, (b) the Partnership receives an Opinion of Counsel that such transfer would not result in the loss of limited liability of any Limited Partner under the Delaware Act, (c) such transferee also agrees to purchase all (or the appropriate portion thereof, if applicable) of the partnership or membership interest of the General Partner as the general partner or managing member, if any, of each other Group Member and (d) the XPLR Partners General Partner consents to such transfer. In the case of a transfer pursuant to and in compliance with this Section 4.6, the transferee or successor (as the case may be) shall, subject to compliance with the terms of Section 10.2, be admitted to the Partnership as the General Partner effective immediately prior to the transfer of the General Partner Interest, and the business of the Partnership shall continue without dissolution.

26

Section 4.7 Restrictions on Transfers.

(a) Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Article IV, no transfer of any Partnership Interests shall be made if such transfer would (i) violate the then-applicable federal or state securities laws or rules and regulations of the Commission, any state securities commission or any other governmental authority with jurisdiction over such transfer, (ii) terminate the existence or qualification of the Partnership under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation; (iii) create, in the discretion of the General Partner, more than an insignificant risk that the Partnership will be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise to be taxed as an entity for federal income tax purposes; or (iv) result in a termination of the Partnership under Code Section 708 unless, prior to such transfer, the transferring Partner agrees to indemnify the Partnership and the other Partners for any adverse tax consequences caused as a result of such termination. The Partnership may issue stop transfer instructions to any Transfer Agent in order to implement any restriction on transfer contemplated by this Agreement.

(b) The General Partner may impose restrictions on the transfer of Partnership Interests, including by requiring the General Partners prior written consent for any transfer (which consent may be withheld in the discretion of the General Partner), if it receives written advice of counsel that such restrictions are necessary or advisable to (i) avoid a significant risk of the Partnerships becoming taxable as a corporation or otherwise becoming taxable as an entity for federal income tax purposes (to the extent not already so treated or taxed) or (ii) preserve the uniformity of the Limited Partner Interests (or any class or classes thereof). The General Partner may impose such restrictions by amending this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any restriction imposed by the General Partner under this Section 4.7(b) shall be made at the direction of the Manager pursuant to the Management Services Agreement for so long as the Management Services Agreement remains in effect; provided, however, that any such restriction shall not be imposed with respect to any class of Units if it would materially adversely affect the Unitholders of such class.

(c) Each certificate or book entry evidencing Partnership Interests shall bear a conspicuous legend in substantially the following form: 

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP (FORMERLY KNOWN AS NEXTERA ENERGY OPERATING PARTNERS, LP) THAT THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IF SUCH TRANSFER (AS DEFINED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT) WOULD (A) VIOLATE THE THEN APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY WITH JURISDICTION OVER SUCH TRANSFER, (B) TERMINATE THE EXISTENCE OR QUALIFICATION OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, (C) CAUSE XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP TO BE TREATED AS AN ASSOCIATION TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE TO BE TAXED AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES, OR (D) RESULT IN A 

27

TERMINATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP UNDER INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, SECTION 708 UNLESS, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, THE TRANSFERRING PARTNER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY THE PARTNERSHIP AND THE OTHER PARTNERS FOR ANY ADVERSE TAX CONSEQUENCES CAUSED AS A RESULT OF SUCH TERMINATION. THE GENERAL PARTNER OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP MAY IMPOSE ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IF IT RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT SUCH RESTRICTIONS ARE NECESSARY TO AVOID A SIGNIFICANT RISK OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP BECOMING TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE BECOMING TAXABLE AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THIS SECURITY MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON ITS TRANSFER PROVIDED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. COPIES OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED AT NO COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS SECURITY TO THE SECRETARY OF THE GENERAL PARTNER AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE PARTNERSHIP. 

ARTICLE V

CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ISSUANCE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS

Section 5.1 Capital Contributions. Neither the General Partner nor any Limited Partner will be required to make any additional Capital Contribution to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 5.2 Interest and Withdrawal. No interest shall be paid by the Partnership on Capital Contributions. No Partner shall be entitled to the withdrawal or return of its Capital Contribution, except to the extent, if any, that distributions made pursuant to this Agreement or upon termination of the Partnership may be considered as such by law and then only to the extent provided for in this Agreement. Except to the extent expressly provided in this Agreement, no Partner shall have priority over any other Partner either as to the return of Capital Contributions or as to profits, losses or distributions. Any such return shall be a compromise to which all Partners agree within the meaning of Section 17-502(b) of the Delaware Act.

Section 5.3 Capital Accounts.

(a) The Partnership shall maintain for each Partner owning a Partnership Interest a separate Capital Account with respect to such Partner in accordance with the rules of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv). The Capital Account shall in respect of each such Partner be increased by (i) the amount of all Capital Contributions made to the Partnership with respect to such Partnership Interest and (ii) all items of Partnership income and gain (including income and gain exempt from tax) computed in accordance with Section 5.3(b) and allocated with respect to such Partnership Interest pursuant to Section 6.1, and decreased by (x) the amount of cash or Net Agreed Value of all actual and deemed distributions of cash or property made with respect to such Partnership Interest and (y) all items of Partnership deduction 

28

and loss computed in accordance with Section 5.3(b) and allocated with respect to such Partnership Interest pursuant to Section 6.1. 

(b) For purposes of computing the amount of any item of income, gain, loss or deduction that is to be allocated pursuant to Article VI and is to be reflected in the Partners Capital Accounts, the determination, recognition and classification of any such item shall be the same as its determination, recognition and classification for federal income tax purposes (including any method of depreciation, cost recovery or amortization used for that purpose), provided, that: 

(i) All fees and other expenses incurred by the Partnership to promote the sale of (or to sell) a Partnership Interest that can neither be deducted nor amortized under Section 709 of the Code, if any, shall, for purposes of Capital Account maintenance, be treated as an item of deduction at the time such fees and other expenses are incurred and shall be allocated among the Partners pursuant to Section 6.1. 

(ii) Any income, gain or loss attributable to the taxable disposition of any Partnership property shall be determined as if the adjusted basis of such property as of such date of disposition were equal in amount to the Partnerships Carrying Value with respect to such property as of such date. 

(iii) An item of income of the Partnership that is described in Section 705(a)(1)(B) of the Code (with respect to items of income that are exempt from tax) shall be treated as an item of income for the purpose of this Section 5.3(b), and an item of expense of the Partnership that is described in Section 705(a)(2)(B) of the Code (with respect to expenditures that are not deductible and not chargeable to capital accounts), shall be treated as an item of deduction for the purpose of this Section 5.3(b).

(iv) In lieu of the depreciation, amortization and other cost recovery deductions taken into account for federal income tax purposes, there shall be taken into account Depreciation for such taxable period, computed in accordance with the definition of Depreciation contained herein.

(v) The Gross Liability Value of each Liability of the Partnership described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.752-7(b)(3)(i) shall be adjusted at such times as provided in this Agreement for an adjustment to Carrying Values. The amount of any such adjustment shall be treated for purposes hereof as an item of loss (if the adjustment increases the Carrying Value of such Liability of the Partnership) or an item of gain (if the adjustment decreases the Carrying Value of such Liability of the Partnership).

(vi) In the event the Carrying Value of any Partnership asset is adjusted pursuant to Section 5.3(d), the amount of such 

29

adjustment shall be taken into account as gain or loss from the disposition of such property for purposes of this Section 5.3(b).

(c) The transferee of a Partnership Interest shall succeed to a Pro Rata portion of the Capital Account of the transferor relating to the Partnership Interest so transferred.

(d) In accordance with, and upon the occurrence of any event described in, Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f), the Carrying Value of each Partnership property immediately prior to such event may, in the discretion of the General Partner, be adjusted upward or downward to reflect any Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss attributable to such Partnership property. Without limiting the foregoing, the Carrying Value of any Partnership property distributed to any Partner shall be adjusted to reflect any Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss attributable to such Partnership property. In determining such Unrealized Gain or Unrealized Loss for purposes of this Section 5.3(d), the fair market value of any Partnership property (including cash or cash equivalents) immediately prior to any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 5.3(d) shall be determined by the General Partner using such method of valuation as it may adopt.

Section 5.4 Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests.

(a) The Partnership may issue additional Partnership Interests (other than General Partner Interests) and Derivative Partnership Interests for any Partnership purpose at any time and from time to time to such Persons for such consideration and on such terms and conditions as the General Partner shall determine, all without the approval of any Limited Partners.

(b) Each additional Partnership Interest authorized to be issued by the Partnership pursuant to Section 5.4(a) may be issued in one or more classes, or one or more series of any such classes, with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties (which may be senior to existing classes and series of Partnership Interests), as shall be fixed by the General Partner, including (i) the right to share in Partnership profits and losses or items thereof; (ii) the right to share in Partnership distributions; (iii) the rights upon dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership; (iv) whether, and the terms and conditions upon which, the Partnership may or shall be required to redeem the Partnership Interest; (v) whether such Partnership Interest is issued with the privilege of conversion or exchange and, if so, the terms and conditions of such conversion or exchange; (vi) the terms and conditions upon which each Partnership Interest will be issued, evidenced by Certificates and assigned or transferred; (vii) the method for determining the Percentage Interest as to such Partnership Interest; and (viii) the right, if any, of each such Partnership Interest to vote on Partnership matters, including matters relating to the relative rights, preferences and privileges of such Partnership Interest.

(c) The General Partner shall take all actions that it determines to be necessary or appropriate in connection with (i) each issuance of Partnership Interests and Derivative Partnership Interests pursuant to this Section 5.4, (ii) reflecting admission of such additional Limited Partners in the Register as the Record Holders of such Limited Partner 

30

Interests and (iii) all additional issuances of Partnership Interests. The General Partner shall determine the relative rights, powers and duties of the holders of the Units or other Partnership Interests being so issued. The General Partner shall do all things necessary to comply with the Delaware Act and is authorized and directed to do all things that it determines to be necessary or appropriate in connection with any future issuance of Partnership Interests, including compliance with any statute, rule, regulation or guideline of any federal, state or other governmental agency or any National Securities Exchange on which the Units or other Partnership Interests are listed or admitted to trading.

(d) No additional Common Units shall be issued to XPLR Partners unless (i) the additional Common Units are issued to all Partners holding Common Units in proportion to their respective Percentage Interests in the Common Units, (ii) (a) the additional Common Units are Common Units issued in connection with an issuance of XPLR Partners Common Units and (b) XPLR Partners contributes to the Partnership the cash proceeds or other consideration received in connection with the issuance of such XPLR Partners Common Units, (iii) the additional Common Units are issued upon the conversion, redemption or exchange of other securities issued by the Partnership or (iv) the additional Common Units are issued pursuant to Section 5.5 or Section 5.6.

(e) No additional Non-Voting Common Units shall be issued to XPLR Partners unless (i) the additional Non-Voting Common Units are issued to all Partners holding Non-Voting Common Units in proportion to their respective Percentage Interests in the Non-Voting Common Units, or (ii) such additional Non-Voting Common Units are issued in connection with an issuance of XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units and XPLR Partners contributes to the Partnership the cash proceeds or other consideration received in connection with the issuance of such XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units.

(f) No fractional Units shall be issued by the Partnership.

Section 5.5 Issuances of Securities by XPLR Partners. XPLR Partners shall not issue any XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units or any additional XPLR Partners Common Units unless XPLR Partners contributes the cash proceeds or other consideration received from the issuance of such XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units or additional XPLR Partners Common Units, as applicable, in exchange for a number of Non-Voting Common Units or Common Units, respectively, that is equal to the number of XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units or additional XPLR Partners Common Units so issued; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, XPLR Partners may issue XPLR Partners Common Units (a) pursuant to Section 5.6 or pursuant to the Exchange Agreement or (b) pursuant to a distribution (including any split or combination) of XPLR Partners Common Units to all of the holders of XPLR Partners Common Units; provided, further, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, XPLR Partners may issue XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units pursuant to a distribution (including any split or combination) of XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units to all of the holders of XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units. In the event that XPLR Partners issues any XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units or any additional XPLR Partners Common Units and contributes the cash proceeds or other 

31

consideration received from the issuance thereof to the Partnership, the Partnership is authorized to issue a number of Non-Voting Common Units or Common Units, respectively, equal to the number of XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units or XPLR Partners Common Units, as applicable, so issued without any further act, approval, or vote of any Partner or any other Persons.

Section 5.6 Unit Option Plans.

(a) If at any time or from time to time, in connection with any Unit Option Plan, an option to purchase XPLR Partners Common Units granted to a Person other than a Partnership Employee is duly exercised:

(i) XPLR Partners, shall, as soon as practicable after such exercise, make a Capital Contribution to the Partnership in an amount equal to the exercise price paid to XPLR Partners by such exercising party in connection with the exercise of such unit option.

(ii) Notwithstanding the amount of the Capital Contribution actually made pursuant to Section 5.6(a)(i), XPLR Partners shall be deemed to have contributed to the Partnership as a Capital Contribution an amount equal to the Market Value of an XPLR Partners Common Unit as of the date of exercise multiplied by the number of XPLR Partners Common Units then being issued in connection with the exercise of such unit option. In exchange for such Capital Contribution, the Partnership shall issue a number of Common Units to XPLR Partners equal to the number of XPLR Partners Common Units issued in connection with the exercise of such unit option.

(b) If at any time or from time to time, in connection with any Unit Option Plan, an option to purchase XPLR Partners Common Units granted to a Partnership Employee is duly exercised:

(i) XPLR Partners shall sell to the Partnership, and the Partnership shall purchase from XPLR Partners, the number of XPLR Partners Common Units as to which such unit option is being exercised. The purchase price per XPLR Partners Common Unit for such sale of XPLR Partners Common Units to the Partnership shall be the Market Value of an XPLR Partners Common Unit as of the date of exercise of such unit option.

(ii) The Partnership shall sell to the Optionee (or if the Optionee is an employee of a Group Member other than the Partnership, the Partnership shall sell to such Group Member, which in turn shall sell to the Optionee), for a cash price per share equal to the Market Value of an XPLR Partners Common Unit at the time of the exercise, the number of XPLR Partners Common Units equal to (a) the exercise price paid to XPLR Partners by the exercising party in connection with the exercise of such unit option divided by 

32

(b) the Market Value of an XPLR Partners Common Unit at the time of such exercise.

(iii) The Partnership shall transfer to the Optionee (or if the Optionee is an employee of another Group Member, the Partnership shall transfer to such Group Member, which in turn shall transfer to the Optionee) at no additional cost, as additional compensation, the number of XPLR Partners Common Units equal to the number of XPLR Partners Common Units described in Section 5.6(b)(i) less the number of XPLR Partners Common Units described in Section 5.6(b)(ii) hereof.

(iv) XPLR Partners shall, as soon as practicable after such exercise, make a Capital Contribution to the Partnership of an amount equal to all proceeds received (from whatever source, but excluding any payment in respect of payroll taxes or other withholdings) by XPLR Partners in connection with the exercise of such unit option. In exchange for such Capital Contribution, the Partnership shall issue a number of Common Units to XPLR Partners equal to the number of XPLR Partners Common Units issued in connection with the exercise of such unit option.

(c) Restricted Units Granted to Partnership Employees. If at any time or from time to time, in connection with any Equity Plan (other than a Unit Option Plan), any XPLR Partners Common Units are issued to a Partnership Employee (including any XPLR Partners Common Units that are subject to forfeiture in the event such Partnership Employee terminates his employment by the Partnership or another Group Member) in consideration for services performed for the Partnership or such other Group Member:

(i) XPLR Partners shall issue such number of XPLR Partners Common Units as are to be issued to the Partnership Employee in accordance with the Equity Plan;

(ii) The following events will be deemed to have occurred: (a) XPLR Partners shall be deemed to have sold such XPLR Partners Common Units to the Partnership (or if the Partnership Employee is an employee or other service provider of another Group Member, to such Group Member) for a purchase price equal to the Market Value of such XPLR Partners Common Units, (b) the Partnership (or such Group Member) shall be deemed to have delivered the XPLR Partners Common Units to the Partnership Employee, (c) XPLR Partners shall be deemed to have contributed the purchase price to the Partnership as a Capital Contribution, and (d) in the case where the Partnership Employee is an employee of another Group Member, the Partnership shall be deemed to have contributed such amount to the capital of such Group Member; and

(iii) The Partnership shall issue to XPLR Partners a number of Common Units equal to the number of newly issued XPLR Partners 

33

Common Units in consideration for a deemed Capital Contribution in an amount equal to (x) the number of newly issued Common Units, multiplied by the Market Value of an XPLR Partners Common Unit at such time.

(d) Restricted Units Granted to Persons other than Partnership Employees. If at any time or from time to time, in connection with any Equity Plan (other than a Unit Option Plan), any XPLR Partners Common Units are issued to a Person other than a Partnership Employee in consideration for services performed for XPLR Partners, the XPLR Partners General Partner or a Group Member:

(i) XPLR Partners shall issue such number of XPLR Partners Common Units as are to be issued to such Person in accordance with the Equity Plan; and

(ii) XPLR Partners shall be deemed to have contributed the Market Value of such XPLR Partners Common Units to the Partnership as a Capital Contribution, and the Partnership shall issue to XPLR Partners a number of newly issued Common Units equal to the number of newly issued XPLR Partners Common Units divided.

(e) Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or applied to preclude or restrain the General Partner, XPLR Partners or the XPLR Partners General Partner from adopting, modifying or terminating stock incentive plans for the benefit of employees, directors or other business associates of the General Partner, XPLR Partners, the Partnership, the XPLR Partners General Partner or any of their Affiliates. The Partners acknowledge and agree that, in the event that any such plan is adopted, modified or terminated by the General Partner, XPLR Partners or the XPLR Partners General Partner, amendments to this Section 5.6 may become necessary or advisable and that any approval or consent to any such amendments requested by the General Partner or XPLR Partners shall be deemed granted.

(f) The Partnership is expressly authorized to issue Common Units in the numbers specified in this Section 5.6 without any further act, approval or vote of any Partner or any other Persons.

Section 5.7 Limited Preemptive Right. Except as provided in this Section 5.7 or as otherwise provided in a separate agreement by the Partnership, no Person shall have any preemptive, preferential or other similar right with respect to the issuance of any Partnership Interest, whether unissued, held in the treasury or hereafter created. The General Partner shall have the right, which it may from time to time assign in whole or in part to any of its Affiliates, to purchase Partnership Interests from the Partnership whenever, and on the same terms that, the Partnership issues Partnership Interests to Persons other than the General Partner and its Affiliates, to the extent necessary to maintain the Percentage Interests of the General Partner and its Affiliates equal to that which existed immediately prior to the issuance of such Partnership Interests.

Section 5.8 Splits and Combinations.

34

(a) Subject to Section 5.8(d) and Section 6.6 (dealing with adjustments of the Minimum Quarterly Distribution), the Partnership may make a Pro Rata distribution of Partnership Interests to all Record Holders or may effect a subdivision or combination of Partnership Interests so long as, after any such event, each Partner shall have the same Percentage Interest in the Partnership as before such event, and any amounts calculated on a per Unit basis or stated as a number of Units are proportionately adjusted, provided, however, that the Partnership may not effect a subdivision or combination of Partnership Interests described in this Section 5.8(a) unless XPLR Partners also effects an equivalent subdivision or combination, as determined by the General Partner.

(b) Whenever such a distribution, subdivision or combination of Partnership Interests is declared, the General Partner shall select a Record Date as of which the distribution, subdivision or combination shall be effective and shall send notice thereof at least twenty (20) days prior to such Record Date to each Record Holder as of a date not less than ten (10) days prior to the date of such notice (or such shorter periods as required by applicable law). The General Partner also may cause a firm of independent public accountants selected by it to calculate the number of Partnership Interests to be held by each Record Holder after giving effect to such distribution, subdivision or combination. The General Partner shall be entitled to rely on any certificate provided by such firm as conclusive evidence of the accuracy of such calculation.

(c) Promptly following any such distribution, subdivision or combination, the Partnership may issue Certificates or uncertificated Partnership Interests to the Record Holders of Partnership Interests as of the applicable Record Date representing the new number of Partnership Interests held by such Record Holders, or the General Partner may adopt such other procedures that it determines to be necessary or appropriate to reflect such changes. If any such combination results in a smaller total number of Partnership Interests Outstanding, the Partnership shall require, as a condition to the delivery to a Record Holder of Partnership Interests represented by Certificates, the surrender of any Certificate held by such Record Holder immediately prior to such Record Date.

(d) The Partnership shall not issue fractional Units upon any distribution, subdivision or combination of Units. If a distribution, subdivision or combination of Units would result in the issuance of fractional Units but for the provisions of Section 5.4(e) and this Section 5.8(d), each fractional Unit shall be rounded to the nearest whole Unit (with fractional Units equal to or greater than a 0.5 Unit being rounded to the next higher Unit).

Section 5.9 Redemption, Repurchase or Forfeiture of XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units and XPLR Partners Common Units. If, at any time, any XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units or XPLR Partners Common Units are redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired (whether by exercise of a put or call, upon forfeiture of any award granted under any Equity Plan, automatically or by means of another arrangement) by XPLR Partners, then, immediately prior to such redemption, repurchase or acquisition of such XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units or XPLR Partners Common Units, the Partnership shall redeem a number of Non-Voting Common Units or Common Units, as applicable, held by XPLR Partners equal to the number of XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units or XPLR Partners Common 

35

Units, as applicable, so redeemed, repurchased or acquired, such redemption, repurchase or acquisition to be upon the same terms and for the same price per Non-Voting Common Unit or Common Unit as such XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units or XPLR Partners Common Units, as applicable, that are redeemed, repurchased or acquired.

Section 5.10 Fully Paid and Non-Assessable Nature of Limited Partner Interests. All Limited Partner Interests issued pursuant to, and in accordance with the requirements of, this Article V shall be fully paid and non-assessable Limited Partner Interests in the Partnership, except as such non-assessability may be affected by Sections 17-303, 17-607 or 17-804 of the Delaware Act.

Section 5.11 Establishment of Series A Preferred Units.

(a) Definitions.

Capital Distribution Basket means, at the time of determination, (i) an amount equal to four times the total distributions to the Common Unitholders and Non-Voting Common Units under this Agreement for the preceding Quarter less (ii) the sum of (x) any amounts previously distributed by the Partnership to Common Unitholders and Non-Voting Common Units under this Agreement from Capital Surplus on or following the date of the XPLR Partners Series A Purchase Agreement and (y) any amounts previously distributed by XPLR Partners to the XPLR Partners Common Unitholders and XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units under the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement from Capital Proceeds (as defined in the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement) on or following the date of the XPLR Partners Series A Purchase Agreement; provided that if during the preceding Quarter, there was a distribution by the Partnership or XPLR Partners that reduced the Capital Distribution Basket, the amount in clause (i) shall be determined by reference to the last preceding Quarter during which no such distributions were made.

Initial Distribution Period means, with respect to a Series A Preferred Unit, the period commencing on the date of issuance of such Series A Preferred Unit and ending on the third anniversary thereof; provided that the Initial Distribution Period with respect to a Series A PIK Unit shall be deemed to be the same as that of the Series A Preferred Unit on which the Series A PIK Unit is paid.

Series A Conversion Rate means the rate necessary to achieve the economic equivalent of the XPLR Partners Series A Conversion Rate in effect and as applicable at the time of such conversion.

Series A Conversion Unit means a Common Unit issued upon conversion of a Series A Preferred Unit pursuant to Section 5.11(b)(vi). Immediately upon such issuance, each Series A Conversion Unit shall be considered a Common Unit for all purposes hereunder.

Series A Converting Unitholder means a Series A Preferred Unitholder whose Series A Preferred Units are converted in accordance with Section 5.11(b)(vi).

36

Series A Distribution Amount means (a) with respect to any Quarter ending on or before the end of the Initial Distribution Period for a Series A Preferred Unit, an amount per Quarter per Series A Preferred Unit equal to $0.4413; (b) with respect to any Quarter ending after the end of the Quarter during which the Initial Distribution Period ends for a Series A Preferred Unit, an amount per Quarter per Series A Preferred Unit equal to the greater of (i) the amount set forth in clause (a) and (ii) the amount of distributions for such Quarter that would have been payable with respect to such Series A Preferred Unit if such Series A Preferred Unit had converted immediately prior to the Record Date for such Quarter in respect of which such distributions are being paid into the number of Common Unit(s) into which such Series A Preferred Unit would be convertible at the then-applicable Series A Conversion Rate (regardless of whether the Series A Preferred Units are then convertible); and (c) with respect to the Quarter during which the Initial Distribution Period ends, a prorated amount based on the date that the Initial Distribution Period ends, which amount shall equal the sum of (i) the amount set forth in clause (a) of this paragraph, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which equals the number of days in such Quarter commencing on the start of the applicable Quarter and ending on, and including, the last day of the Initial Distribution Period, and the denominator of which equals the total number of days in such Quarter, and (ii) the amount determined as provided in clause (b) of this paragraph, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which equals the number of days in such Quarter commencing on the day following the last day of the Initial Distribution Period and ending on, and including, the last day of such Quarter, and the denominator of which equals the total number of days in such Quarter; provided, however, that the Series A Distribution Amount for the Quarter during which the Initial Distribution Period commences shall be prorated for such period, and shall equal the amount calculated by multiplying the amount set forth in clause (a) of this paragraph by a fraction, the numerator of which equals the number of days in such Quarter commencing on the applicable issuance date and ending on, and including, the last day of such Quarter, and the denominator of which equals the total number of days in such Quarter.

Series A Distribution Payment Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.11(b)(i)(A).

Series A Initial Issuance Date means the date on which Series A Preferred Units are first issued to XPLR Partners.

Series A Issue Price means $39.2253 per Series A Preferred Unit.

Series A Junior Securities means any class or series of Partnership Interests that, with respect to distributions on such Partnership Interests and distributions upon liquidation of the Partnership, ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Units, including Common Units and Non-Voting Common Units, but excluding any Series A Parity Securities and Series A Senior Securities.

Series A Parity Securities means any class or series of Partnership Interests that, with respect to distributions on such Partnership Interests or distributions upon liquidation of the Partnership, ranks pari passu with (but not senior to) the Series A Preferred Units.

37

Series A PIK Payment Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.11(b)(i)(E).

Series A PIK Units means any Series A Preferred Units issued pursuant to a Series A Quarterly Distribution in accordance with Section 5.11(b)(i).

Series A Preferred Unitholder means a Record Holder of Series A Preferred Units.

Series A Preferred Units means any Units designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Units and issued pursuant to Section 5.11, including any Units issued under Section 5.11(b)(ii) and any Series A PIK Units.

Series A Quarterly Distribution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.11(b)(i)(A).

Series A Senior Securities means any class or series of Partnership Interests that, with respect to distributions on such Partnership Interests or distributions upon liquidation of the Partnership, ranks senior to the Series A Preferred Units.

Series A Unpaid Distributions has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.11(b)(i)(B).

XPLR Partners Series A Conversion Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.11(b)(vi)(C). 

XPLR Partners Series A Conversion Rate means the conversion rate applicable to an XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Unit pursuant to the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement, as adjusted pursuant to the same. 

XPLR Partners Series A Conversion Unit means an XPLR Partners Common Unit issued upon conversion of an XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Unit pursuant to the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement.

XPLR Partners Series A Forced Conversion Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.11(b)(vi)(C).

XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units means limited partner interests in XPLR Partners having the rights and obligations specified with respect to Series A Preferred Units in the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement.

XPLR Partners Series A Purchase Agreement means the Series A Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2017, by and among XPLR Partners and the purchasers of XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units thereunder, as may be amended from time to time.

(b) Rights of Series A Preferred Units. There is hereby created a class of Units designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Units, with the designations, preferences 

38

and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, powers and duties as set forth in this Section 5.11 and elsewhere in this Agreement.

(i) Distributions. 

(A) Subject to Section 5.11(b)(i)(B), commencing with the Quarter that includes the Series A Initial Issuance Date, subject to Section 5.11(b)(i)(D), the Record Holders of the Series A Preferred Units as of the applicable Record Date for each Quarter shall be entitled to receive, in respect of each Outstanding Series A Preferred Unit, cumulative distributions in respect of such Quarter equal to the sum of (1) the Series A Distribution Amount for such Quarter and (2) any Series A Unpaid Distributions (collectively, a Series A Quarterly Distribution).

With respect to any Quarter (or portion thereof for which a Series A Quarterly Distribution is due) ending on or before the end of the Initial Distribution Period for a Series A Preferred Unit, such Series A Quarterly Distribution shall be paid, as determined by the General Partner, in Series A PIK Units or in cash, or in a combination of Series A PIK Units and cash; provided, however, that the Partnership and XPLR Partners must effect all distributions on corresponding Series A Preferred Units and XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units on an equivalent and consistent basis; and XPLR Partners agrees that it will pay and elect to pay all distributions on the corresponding XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units in cash or in kind on an equivalent basis consistent with the determination made by the General Partner of the Partnership.

For any Quarter ending after the end of the Initial Distribution Period for a Series A Preferred Unit, each Series A Quarterly Distribution on such Series A Preferred Unit shall be paid, as determined by the General Partner, in cash or in a combination of Series A PIK Units and cash; provided that, no more than one-ninth (1/9th) of any such Series A Quarterly Distribution shall consist of Series A PIK Units for any Quarter following the Quarter during which the Initial Distribution Period ends; provided, further, that for the Quarter during which the Initial Distribution Period ends, (i) the portion of the Series A Distribution Amount calculated through the end of the Initial Distribution Period shall not be subject to the foregoing one-ninth (1/9th) limitation, and (ii) the portion of the Series A Distribution Amount calculated after the end of the Initial Distribution Period shall be subject to the foregoing one-ninth (1/9th) limitation; and provided, further, that the Partnership and XPLR Partners must effect all distributions on corresponding Series A Preferred Units and XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units on an equivalent and consistent basis; and XPLR Partners agrees that it will pay and elect to pay all distributions on the corresponding XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units in cash or in kind on an equivalent basis consistent with the determination made by the General Partner of the Partnership.

39

If the General Partner elects to pay all or any portion of a Series A Quarterly Distribution in Series A PIK Units, the number of Series A PIK Units to be issued in connection with such Series A Quarterly Distribution shall equal the quotient of (1) the applicable Series A Distribution Amount (or portion thereof to be paid in Series A PIK Units) divided by (2) the Series A Issue Price; provided that instead of issuing any fractional Series A PIK Unit, the Partnership shall round the number of Series A PIK Units issued to each Series A Preferred Unitholder down to the nearest whole Series A PIK Unit and pay cash in lieu of any resulting fractional unit (with the amount of such cash payment being based on the value of such fractional Series A PIK Unit, which shall be the product of the Series A Issue Price multiplied by the number of Series A Conversion Units into which such fractional Series A PIK Units would be convertible at the applicable Series A Conversion Rate on such Record Date (without regard to whether any Series A Preferred Units are then convertible)).

Each Series A Quarterly Distribution shall be paid within forty-five (45) days following the end of each Quarter (each such payment date, a Series A Distribution Payment Date) and, unless otherwise determined by the General Partner, shall have the same Record Date as established by the Partnership for any distribution to be made by the Partnership on other Partnership Interests in respect of such Quarter. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to Section 5.11(b)(i)(D), distributions on the Series A Preferred Units shall be subject to the provisions of Section 6.4.

(B) If the Partnership fails to pay in full the Series A Distribution Amount of any Series A Quarterly Distribution (in cash or Series A PIK Units) when due for any Quarter during the applicable Initial Distribution Period, then the Series A Preferred Unitholders entitled to such unpaid Series A Quarterly Distribution shall be deemed to have nonetheless received such Series A Quarterly Distribution in Series A PIK Units and, accordingly, shall have all other rights under this Agreement as if such Series A PIK Units had, in fact, been issued on the date such distribution was due. If the Partnership fails to pay in full the Series A Distribution Amount of any Series A Quarterly Distribution (in cash or Series A PIK Units) in accordance with Section 5.11(b)(i)(A) when due for any Quarter following the applicable Initial Distribution Period, then (1) the Series A Preferred Unitholders entitled to such unpaid Series A Quarterly Distribution shall be deemed to have nonetheless received one-ninth (1/9th) of such Series A Quarterly Distribution in Series A PIK Units and, accordingly, shall have all other rights under this Agreement as if such Series A PIK Units had, in fact, been issued on the date such distribution was due and (2) from and after the first date of such failure and continuing until such failure is cured by payment in full in cash of all such arrearages (which arrearages shall exclude, for the avoidance of doubt, the Series A PIK Units deemed received under the immediately preceding clause (1)), (x) the amount of such unpaid cash distributions (on a per Series A Preferred Unit basis, Series A Unpaid Distributions) unless and until paid will accrue and 

40

accumulate from and including the first day of the Quarter immediately following the Quarter in respect of which such payment is due until paid in full and (y) the Partnership shall not be permitted to, and shall not, declare or make, any distributions, redemptions or repurchases in respect of any Series A Junior Securities or Series A Parity Securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Quarter for which the Partnership first failed to pay in full any such cash Series A Distribution Amount when due); provided, however, that pro rata distributions may be declared and paid on the Series A Preferred Units and the Series A Parity Securities in amounts per Series A Preferred Unit and Series A Parity Security that bear to each other the same ratio that accrued and accumulated distributions per Series A Preferred Unit and Series A Parity Security bear to each other.

(C) The aggregate Series A Distribution Amount (excluding any portion paid in Series A PIK Units) shall be paid out of Available Cash and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be paid in accordance with Section 6.4.

(D) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5.11(b)(i) to the contrary, with respect to any Series A Preferred Unit that is converted into a Common Unit, (1) with respect to a distribution to be made to Record Holders as of the Record Date preceding such conversion, the Record Holder as of such Record Date of such Series A Preferred Unit shall be entitled to receive such distribution in respect of such Series A Preferred Unit on the corresponding Series A Distribution Payment Date, but shall not be entitled to receive such distribution in respect of the Common Units into which such Series A Preferred Unit was converted on the payment date thereof, and (2) with respect to a distribution to be made to Record Holders as of any Record Date following such conversion, the Record Holder as of such Record Date of the Common Units into which such Series A Preferred Unit was converted shall be entitled to receive such distribution in respect of such converted Common Units on the payment date thereof, but shall not be entitled to receive such distribution in respect of such Series A Preferred Unit on the corresponding Series A Distribution Payment Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Series A Preferred Unit is converted into Common Units pursuant to the terms hereof following a Record Date but prior to the corresponding Series A Distribution Payment Date, then the Record Holder of such Series A Preferred Unit as of such Record Date shall nonetheless remain entitled to receive on the Series A Distribution Payment Date a distribution in respect of such Series A Preferred Unit pursuant to Section 5.11(b)(i)(A) and, until such distribution is received, Section 5.11(b)(i)(B) shall continue to apply, but shall not be entitled to receive such distribution in respect of the Common Units into which such Series A Preferred Unit was converted on the Series A Distribution Payment Date.

41

(E) When any Series A PIK Units are payable to a Series A Preferred Unitholder pursuant to this Section 5.11, the Partnership shall issue the Series A PIK Units to such holder in accordance with Section 5.11(b)(i)(A) (the date of issuance of such Series A PIK Units, the Series A PIK Payment Date). On the Series A PIK Payment Date, the Partnership shall have the option to (1) issue to such Series A Preferred Unitholder a certificate or certificates for the number of Series A PIK Units to which such Series A Preferred Unitholder shall be entitled, or (2) cause the Transfer Agent to make a notation in book entry form in the books of the Partnership.

(ii) Issuance of the Series A Preferred Units. The Series A Preferred Units shall be issued by the Partnership pursuant to the terms and conditions of an equity purchase or contribution agreement or otherwise as provided in this Agreement.

(iii) Voting Rights.

(A) The Outstanding Series A Preferred Units shall have voting rights that are identical to the voting rights of the Common Units and shall vote with the Common Units as a single class, so that each Outstanding Series A Preferred Unit will be entitled to one vote for each Common Unit into which such Series A Preferred Unit would be convertible at the then applicable Series A Conversion Rate (regardless of whether the Series A Preferred Units are then convertible) on each matter with respect to which each Record Holder of a Common Unit is entitled to vote. Each reference in this Agreement to a vote of Record Holders of Common Units shall be deemed to be a reference to the Record Holders of Common Units and Series A Preferred Units, voting together as a single class during any period in which any Series A Preferred Units are Outstanding.

(B) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Partnership shall not declare or pay distributions from Capital Surplus in any given Quarter that exceed an amount equal to the then available Capital Distribution Basket.

(iv) No Series A Senior Securities; Series A Parity Securities. The Partnership shall not, without the consent of a majority of the Outstanding Series A Preferred Units, issue any (A) Series A Senior Securities (or amend the provisions of any class of Partnership Interests to make such class of Partnership Interests a class of Series A Senior Securities) or (B) Series A Parity Securities (or amend the provisions of any class of Partnership Interests to make such class of Partnership Interests a class of Series A Parity Securities) or Series A Preferred Units; provided that, without the consent or vote of any of the Outstanding Series A Preferred Unitholders (but without prejudice to their rights under Section 5.11(b)(iii)(A)), the Partnership may issue after the Series A Initial 

42

Issuance Date additional Series A Preferred Units or Series A Parity Securities if, when and to the same extent that XPLR Partners may issue corresponding XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units or XPLR Partners Series A Parity Securities under the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement.

XPLR Partners shall not issue any additional XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units or XPLR Partners Series A Parity Securities unless XPLR Partners contributes the cash proceeds or other consideration received from the issuance of such additional XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units or XPLR Partners Series A Parity Securities to the Partnership in exchange for an equivalent number of Series A Preferred Units or Series A Parity Securities, as applicable. In the event that XPLR Partners issues any additional XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units or XPLR Partners Series A Parity Securities and contributes the cash proceeds or other consideration received from the issuance thereof to the Partnership, the Partnership is authorized to issue, and shall issue, a number of Series A Preferred Units or Series A Parity Securities, as applicable, equal to the number of XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units or XPLR Partners Series A Parity Securities so issued without any further act, approval or vote of any Partner or any other Persons.

Subject to Section 5.11(b)(vi)(E), the Partnership may, without any consent or vote of the holders of Outstanding Series A Preferred Units (but without prejudice to their rights under Section 5.11(b)(iii)(A)), issue the Series A PIK Units contemplated by this Agreement or create (by reclassification or otherwise) and issue Series A Junior Securities in an unlimited amount.

(v) Legends. Each certificate or book entry evidencing a Series A Preferred Unit shall bear a conspicuous legend in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit C of this Agreement.

(vi) Conversion.

(A) The Series A Preferred Units shall be converted into Series A Conversion Units automatically if, when and to the same extent as the corresponding XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units are converted into XPLR Partners Series A Conversion Units pursuant to the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement, and the Partnership is authorized to issue, and shall issue, a number of Series A Conversion Units equal to the number of XPLR Partners Series A Conversion Units so issued without any further act, approval or vote of any Partner or any other Persons.

(B) Immediately upon the issuance of Common Units as a result of any conversion of Series A Preferred Units, subject to Section 5.11(b)(i)(D), all rights of the Series A Converting Unitholder with respect to such Series A Preferred Units shall cease, including any further accrual 

43

of distributions, and such Series A Converting Unitholder thereafter shall be treated for all purposes as the owner of Common Units. Fractional Common Units shall not be issued to any Person pursuant to this Section 5.11(b)(vi)(A) (each fractional Common Unit shall be rounded down with the remainder being paid an amount in cash equal to the amount of cash paid with respect to any fractional corresponding XPLR Partners Common Units).

(C) Conversion Notice. XPLR Partners shall promptly notify the Partnership upon receipt of written notice from an XPLR Partners Series A Converting Unitholder stating that such converting unitholder elects to convert its XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units pursuant to the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement (a XPLR Partners Series A Conversion Notice). XPLR Partners shall simultaneously notify the Partnership if XPLR Partners gives notice to an XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Unitholder of XPLR Partners election to force conversion of XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units (a XPLR Partners Series A Forced Conversion Notice). 

(D) Timing. XPLR Partners and the Partnership agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish the objectives of this Section 5.11(b)(vi) on the time frames and in the manner contemplated in the corresponding provisions of the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement. Subject to Section 5.11(b)(i)(D), upon issuance of Series A Conversion Units to the Series A Converting Unitholder, all rights under the converted Series A Preferred Units shall cease, and such Series A Converting Unitholder shall be treated for all purposes as the Record Holder of such Series A Conversion Units.

(E) Distributions, Combinations, Subdivisions and Reclassifications by XPLR Partners. If, when and to the same extent that the XPLR Partners Series A Conversion Rate, the XPLR Partners Series A Issue Price or any other term(s) of the XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units are adjusted under or pursuant to Section 5.8(b)(vi)(E) of the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement, the Series A Conversion Rate, Series A Issue Price or other corresponding term(s) of the Partnerships Series A Preferred Units shall be simultaneously and automatically adjusted in a manner that achieves the economic equivalent adjustment with respect to the Partnerships Series A Preferred Units, without any further act, approval or vote of any Partner or any other Persons. Such adjustments shall be made successively if, when and to the same extent as provided in the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement.

(F) No Adjustments for Certain Items. The limitations on adjustments to the XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units under Section 5.8(b)(vi)(F) of the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement shall apply to the Partnerships Series A Preferred Units on a corresponding and equivalent basis.

44

(vii) Series A Change of Control. If a Series A Change of Control (as defined in the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement) occurs:

(A) If the corresponding XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units are converted under or pursuant to the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement, the Series A Preferred Units shall be converted automatically if, when and to the same extent as the corresponding XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units are so converted, without any further act, approval or vote of any Partner or any other Persons. 

(B) If the corresponding XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units continue to be held after the Series A Change of Control pursuant to the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement, the Series A Preferred Units shall continue to be held by XPLR Partners. 

(C) If the corresponding XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units are redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired (whether by exercise of a put or call, by forfeiture, automatically or by means of another arrangement) by XPLR Partners, or if the corresponding XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units are exchanged for a Series A Substantially Equivalent Unit (as defined in the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement), then, immediately prior to such redemption, repurchase or acquisition of XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units, or immediately prior to such exchange for a Series A Substantially Equivalent Unit, as applicable, the Partnership shall redeem a number of Series A Units held by XPLR Partners equal to the number of XPLR Partners Series A Units so redeemed, repurchased, acquired or exchanged, with such redemption to be upon the same or substantially economically equivalent terms as the redemption, repurchase, acquisition or exchange of such XPLR Partners Series A Preferred Units.

(viii) Series A Preferred Unit Transfer Restrictions. XPLR Partners shall not transfer any Series A Preferred Units issued to it under this Agreement. 

(c) Amendment. This Section 5.11, Section 6.1(a), Section 6.4, Section 12.4(c) and the Series A Definitions may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument executed by the General Partner and the Series A Preferred Unit Limited Partners holding one hundred percent (100%) of the Series A Preferred Units then outstanding.

(d) No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as specified in Section 18.7 of the Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Section 5.11, Section 6.1(a), Section 6.4, Section 12.4(c) and the Series A Definitions are intended solely for the benefit of the Partners and their respective successors or permitted assigns, and it is not the intention of the General 

45

Partner to confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other Person by reason of this Section 5.11, Section 6.1(a), Section 6.4, Section 12.4(c) and the Series A Definitions.

Section 5.12 Establishment of Non-Voting Common Units.

(a) General. There is hereby created a class of Units designated as Non-Voting Common Units, with the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, powers and duties of Non-Voting Common Units as set forth in this Section 5.12 and elsewhere in this Agreement.

(b) Rights of Non-Voting Common Units. The Non-Voting Common Units shall have the following rights, preferences and privileges and the holders of Non-Voting Common Units shall be subject to the following duties and obligations:

(i) Distributions. 

(A) Commencing with the Quarter that includes the date on which Non-Voting Common Units are first issued by the Partnership, the Record Holders of the Non-Voting Common Units as of the applicable Record Date for each Quarter shall be entitled to receive, in respect of each outstanding Non-Voting Common Unit, their Pro Rata portion of the distributions made with respect to such Quarter to the holders of Common Units (including Non-Voting Common Units) pursuant to and in accordance with Section 6.4.

(B) If a Non-Voting Common Unit is converted into a Common Unit pursuant to the terms hereof following a Record Date for a distribution but prior to the payment date of such distribution pursuant to Section 6.4, then the Record Holder of such Non-Voting Common Unit as of such Record Date shall nonetheless remain entitled to receive, on the payment date thereof, such distribution in respect of such Non-Voting Common Unit pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(i)(A) but shall not be entitled to receive any distribution in respect of the Common Units into which such Non-Voting Common Unit was converted on the payment date of such distribution. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to a distribution to be made to Record Holders as of any Record Date following such conversion, the Record Holder as of such Record Date of the Common Unit into which such Non-Voting Common Unit was converted shall be entitled to receive such distribution in respect of such converted Common Unit on the payment date thereof pursuant to and in accordance with Section 6.4.

(ii) Issuance of the Non-Voting Common Units. The Non-Voting Common Units shall be issued by the Partnership pursuant to Section 5.4(e) and Section 5.5.

(iii) Voting Rights. Except as provided pursuant to Section 13.3 and Section 14.3, the Outstanding Non-Voting Common Units shall have no voting rights on any matter whatsoever under this Agreement, the 

46

Delaware Act or otherwise. To the extent Record Holders of Non-Voting Common Units vote pursuant to Section 13.3 or Section 14.3, each Outstanding Non-Voting Common Unit will be entitled to one vote on any matter with respect to which the Record Holders of Non-Voting Common Units are entitled to vote thereunder.

(iv) Legends. Each certificate or book entry evidencing a Non-Voting Common Unit shall bear a conspicuous legend in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit D of this Agreement.

(v) Conversion.

(A) The Non-Voting Common Units shall be converted into Common Units automatically if, when and to the same extent as the corresponding XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units are converted into XPLR Partners Common Units pursuant to the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement, and the Partnership is authorized to issue, and shall issue, a number of Common Units equal to the number of XPLR Partners Common Units so issued without any further act, approval or vote of any Partner or any other Person.

(B) Immediately upon the issuance of Common Units as a result of any conversion of Non-Voting Common Units, subject to Section 5.12(b)(i)(B), all rights of the Converting Holder with respect to such Non-Voting Common Units shall cease, including any further accrual of distributions, and such Converting Holder thereafter shall be treated for all purposes as the owner of Common Units. 

(C) XPLR Partners shall promptly notify the Partnership upon receipt of written notice from a holder of XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units stating that some or all of such holders XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units are to be converted into XPLR Partners Common Units pursuant to the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement. 

(D) XPLR Partners and the Partnership agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish the objectives of this Section 5.12(b)(v) on the time frames and in the manner contemplated in the corresponding provisions of the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement. Subject to Section 5.12(b)(i)(B), upon issuance of Common Units to the Converting Holder, all rights under the converted Non-Voting Common Units shall cease, and such Converting Holder shall be treated for all purposes as the Record Holder of such Common Units.

(E) If, when and to the same extent as any term(s) of the XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units are adjusted under or pursuant to Section 5.9(b)(v)(E) of the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement, the corresponding term(s) of the Partnerships Non-Voting Common Units shall be 

47

simultaneously and automatically adjusted in a manner that achieves the economic equivalent adjustment with respect to the Partnerships Non-Voting Common Units, without any further act, approval or vote of any Partner or any other Persons. Such adjustments shall be made successively if, when and to the same extent as provided in the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement.

(F) The limitations on adjustments to the XPLR Partners Non-Voting Common Units under Section 5.9(b)(v)(F) of the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement shall apply to the Partnerships Non-Voting Common Units on a corresponding and equivalent basis.

ARTICLE VI

ALLOCATIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS

Section 6.1 Allocations for Capital Account Purposes. For purposes of maintaining the Capital Accounts and in determining the rights of the Partners among themselves, the Partnerships items of income, gain, loss, deduction, and credit (computed in accordance with Section 5.3(b)) for each taxable period shall be allocated among the Partners as provided herein below.

(a) Net Income and Net Loss. After giving effect to the special allocations set forth in Section 6.1(b), any remaining Net Income or Net Loss shall be allocated among the Partners holding Common Units, Pro Rata.

(b) Special Allocations. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 6.1, the following special allocations shall be made for such taxable period:

(i) Partnership Minimum Gain Chargeback. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 6.1, if there is a net decrease in Partnership Minimum Gain during any Partnership taxable period, each Partner shall be allocated items of Partnership income and gain for such period (and, if necessary, subsequent periods) in the manner and amounts provided in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-2(f), 1.704-2(g) and 1.704-2(j)(2)(i), or any successor provision. For purposes of this Section 6.1(b), each Partners Adjusted Capital Account balance shall be determined, and the allocation of income or gain required hereunder shall be effected, prior to the application of any other allocations pursuant to this Section 6.1(b) with respect to such taxable period (other than an allocation pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(v) and Section 6.1(b)(vi)). This Section 6.1(b)(i) is intended to comply with the Partnership Minimum Gain chargeback requirement in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.

(ii) Chargeback of Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6.1 (other than Section 6.1(b)(i)), except as provided in Treasury Regulation 

48

Section 1.704-2(i)(4), if there is a net decrease in Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain during any Partnership taxable period, any Partner with a share of Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain at the beginning of such taxable period shall be allocated items of Partnership income and gain for such period (and, if necessary, subsequent periods) in the manner and amounts provided in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-2(i)(4) and 1.704-2(j)(2)(ii), or any successor provisions. For purposes of this Section 6.1(b), each Partners Adjusted Capital Account balance shall be determined, and the allocation of income or gain required hereunder shall be effected, prior to the application of any other allocations pursuant to this Section 6.1(b) with respect to such taxable period (other than an allocation pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(i), Section 6.1(b)(v) and Section 6.1(b)(vi)). This Section 6.1(b)(ii) is intended to comply with the chargeback of items of income and gain requirement in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(4) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.

(iii) Qualified Income Offset. In the event any Partner unexpectedly receives any adjustments, allocations or distributions described in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5), or 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6), items of Partnership gross income and gain shall be specially allocated to such Partner in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate, to the extent required by the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 704(b) of the Code, the deficit balance, if any, in its Adjusted Capital Account created by such adjustments, allocations or distributions as quickly as possible; provided, that an allocation pursuant to this Section 6.1(b)(iii) shall be made only if and to the extent that such Partner would have a deficit balance in its Adjusted Capital Account as adjusted after all other allocations provided for in this Section 6.1 have been tentatively made as if this Section 6.1(b)(iii) were not in this Agreement. This Section 6.1(b)(iii) is intended to constitute a qualified income offset within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.

(iv) Gross Income Allocation. In the event any Partner has a deficit balance in its Capital Account at the end of any taxable period in excess of the sum of (A) the amount such Partner is required to restore pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement and (B) the amount such Partner is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-2(g) and 1.704-2(i)(5), such Partner shall be specially allocated items of Partnership gross income and gain in the amount of such excess as quickly as possible; provided, that an allocation pursuant to this Section 6.1(b)(iv) shall be made only if and to the extent that such Partner would have a deficit balance in its Capital Account as adjusted after all other allocations provided for in this Section 6.1 have been tentatively made as if Section 6.1(b)(iii) and this Section 6.1(b)(iv) were not in this Agreement.

49

(v) Nonrecourse Deductions. Nonrecourse Deductions for any taxable period shall be allocated to the Partners Pro Rata. If the General Partner determines that the Partnerships Nonrecourse Deductions should be allocated in a different ratio to satisfy the safe harbor requirements of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 704(b) of the Code, the General Partner is authorized, upon notice to the other Partners, to revise the prescribed ratio to the numerically closest ratio that does satisfy such requirements.

(vi) Partner Nonrecourse Deductions. Partner Nonrecourse Deductions for any taxable period shall be allocated 100% to the Partner that bears the Economic Risk of Loss with respect to the Partner Nonrecourse Debt to which such Partner Nonrecourse Deductions are attributable in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i). If more than one Partner bears the Economic Risk of Loss with respect to a Partner Nonrecourse Debt, the Partner Nonrecourse Deductions attributable thereto shall be allocated between or among such Partners in accordance with the ratios in which they share such Economic Risk of Loss.

(vii) Nonrecourse Liabilities. For purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.752-3(a)(3), the Partners agree that Nonrecourse Liabilities of the Partnership in excess of the sum of (A) the amount of Partnership Minimum Gain and (B) the total amount of Nonrecourse Built-in Gain shall be allocated among the Partners Pro Rata.

(viii) Code Section 754 Adjustments. To the extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any Partnership asset pursuant to Section 734(b) or 743(b) of the Code is required, pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704- 1(b)(2)(iv)(m), to be taken into account in determining Capital Accounts, the amount of such adjustment to the Capital Accounts shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment decreases such basis), and such item of gain or loss shall be specially allocated to the Partners in a manner consistent with the manner in which their Capital Accounts are required to be adjusted pursuant to such Section of the Treasury Regulations.

(ix) Loss Allocation Limitation. No allocation of Net Loss (or items thereof) shall be made to any Partner to the extent that such allocation would create or increase an Adjusted Capital Account deficit with respect to such Partner. Any amount of Net Loss (or items thereof) that cannot be allocated to a Partner pursuant to this Section 6.1(b)(ix) generally will be allocated among the other Partners in accordance with Section 6.1.

(x) Series A Preferred. Net Income and Net Loss for any taxable period shall be allocated to the Series A Preferred Unitholders in 

50

respect of the Series A Preferred Units in order to give effect to the entitlements of the Series A Preferred Units herein, including Section 5.11, Section 6.4(a), and Section 12.4(c).

(xi) Class P. The General Partner may, if approved by Class P Majority Approval, allocate, for any taxable period, up to one hundred percent (100%) of any items of income or gain (or any portion thereof) resulting from any Class P Transaction in respect of the Class P Units to the Class P Limited Partners, Pro Rata. In any taxable period that begins at least five (5) years after the taxable period for which any allocations are made pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence (a Class P Offset Period), the Class P Limited Partners may, but only if approved by, and in such time and such manner as determined by, Class P Majority Approval, be specially allocated up to one hundred percent (100%) (or such lesser portion as may be determined by Class P Majority Approval) of any items of loss or deduction in respect of the Class P Units until the cumulative amount allocated pursuant to this sentence is equal to the aggregate amount of income or gain allocated to Class P Limited Partners pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence in such earlier tax period. The Class P Limited Partners shall deliver notice to the General Partner of any Class P Majority Approval of any such special allocation of items of loss or deduction in respect of the Class P Units pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence during any Class P Offset Period within one hundred fifty (150) days after the close of the applicable tax year to which such special allocation relates. For the avoidance of doubt, no allocations of book items shall be made to the Class P Limited Partners in respect of such Class P Units except as set forth in this Section 6.1(b)(xi).

(c) Other Allocation Provisions.

(i) [Reserved]

(ii) Changes in Partnership Interests. If any Partnership Interests are transferred or redeemed, or upon the admission of a new Partner, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement during any taxable period, the income or loss attributable to such Partnership Interests for such taxable period shall be divided and allocated between the Partners based upon Section 706 of the Code or another permissible method selected by the General Partner.

(iii) Class-by-Class Allocations. Any allocations made pursuant to Section 6.1(a) and Section 6.1(b), as well as any tax allocations made pursuant to Section 6.2, shall be made on a class-by-class basis.

(iv) Determinations by the General Partner. All matters concerning the computation of Capital Accounts, the computation and 

51

allocation of Net Income (and items thereof) and Net Loss (and items thereof), the allocation of items of income, gain, loss, deduction and expense for tax purposes, and the adoption of any accounting procedures not expressly provided for by the terms of this Agreement shall be determined by the General Partner in its discretion, including, but not limited to, elections pursuant to Section 706 of the Code. Such determination shall be final and conclusive as to all Partners. Notwithstanding anything expressed or implied to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that the General Partner shall determine, in its discretion, that it is prudent to modify or amend this Agreement in order to modify the manner in which the Capital Accounts, or any debits or credits thereto, are computed in order to effectuate the intended economic sharing arrangement of the Partners as reflected in this Article VI or to comply with Section 704 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder, the General Partner may make such modification or amendment, provided that such modification or amendment does not directly or indirectly cause a decrease in the amount of distributions to which a Partner would otherwise be entitled. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any determination under this Section 6.1 or Section 6.2 to be made by the General Partner shall be made at the direction of the Manager pursuant to the Management Services Agreement for so long as the Management Services Agreement remains in effect; provided, however, that any such determination shall not be effected with respect to any class of Units if it results in any materially adverse effect on the Unitholders of such class in tax years starting on or after January 1, 2018.

(v) State Tax Incentives. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner (at the direction of the Manager) shall have the discretion to allocate any state tax incentives 100% to NEE Equity, so long as such allocation does not have a material adverse effect on the Partnership or any class of Unitholders.

Section 6.2 Allocations for Tax Purposes.

(a) Except as otherwise provided herein, for federal income tax purposes, each item of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit shall be allocated among the Partners in the same manner as its correlative item of book income, gain, loss or deduction is allocated pursuant to Section 6.1.

(b) In an attempt to eliminate Book-Tax Disparities attributable to a Contributed Property or Adjusted Property, items of income, gain, loss, depreciation, amortization and cost recovery deductions shall be allocated for federal income tax purposes among the Partners in the manner provided under Section 704(c) of the Code, and the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 704(b) and 704(c) of the Code, as determined to be appropriate by the General Partner (taking into account the General Partners discretion under Section 6.1(c)(iv)).

52

(c) In accordance with Treasury Regulation Sections 1.1245-1(e) and 1.1250-1(f), any gain allocated to the Partners upon the sale or other taxable disposition of any Partnership asset shall, to the extent possible, after taking into account other required allocations of gain pursuant to this Section 6.2, be characterized as Recapture Income in the same proportions and to the same extent as such Partners (or their predecessors in interest) have been allocated any deductions directly or indirectly giving rise to the treatment of such gains as Recapture Income.

(d) All items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit recognized by the Partnership for federal income tax purposes and allocated to the Partners in accordance with the provisions hereof shall be determined without regard to any election under Section 754 of the Code that may be made by the Partnership; provided, however, that such allocations, once made, shall be adjusted (in the manner determined by the General Partner) to take into account those adjustments permitted or required by Sections 734 and 743 of the Code.

Section 6.3 Requirement and Characterization of Distributions; Distributions to Record Holders.

(a) Within forty-five (45) days following the end of each Quarter, an amount equal to 100% of Available Cash with respect to such Quarter shall be distributed in accordance with this Article VI by the Partnership to the Partners as of the Record Date selected by the General Partner. All amounts of Available Cash distributed by the Partnership on any date from any source shall be deemed to be Operating Surplus until the sum of all amounts of Available Cash theretofore distributed by the Partnership to the Partners pursuant to Section 6.4 equals the Operating Surplus from the Closing Date through the close of the immediately preceding Quarter. Any remaining amounts of Available Cash distributed by the Partnership on such date shall be deemed to be Capital Surplus. All distributions required to be made under this Agreement shall be made subject to Sections 17-607 and 17-804 of the Delaware Act.

(b) Notwithstanding Section 6.3(a), in the event of the dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership, all cash received during or after the Quarter in which the Liquidation Date occurs shall be applied and distributed solely in accordance with, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Section 12.4.

(c) The General Partner may treat taxes paid by the Partnership on behalf of, or amounts withheld with respect to, all or less than all of the Partners, as a distribution of Available Cash to such Partners, as determined appropriate under the circumstances by the General Partner.

(d) Each distribution in respect of a Partnership Interest shall be paid by the Partnership, directly or through a Transfer Agent or through any other Person or agent, only to the Record Holder of such Partnership Interest as of the Record Date set for such distribution. Such payment shall constitute full payment and satisfaction of the Partnerships liability in respect of such payment, regardless of any claim of any Person who may have an interest in such payment by reason of an assignment or otherwise.

53

Section 6.4 Distributions and Payments of Available Cash from Operating Surplus. Available Cash with respect to any Quarter that is deemed to be Operating Surplus pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.3 or Section 6.5 shall be distributed or paid in the following order of priority: 

(a) First, as distributions or payments with respect to Series A Preferred Units as required by Section 5.11; and

(b) Second, to the holders of the Common Units (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all holders of Non-Voting Common Units in accordance with Section 5.12(b)(i)), Pro Rata.

Section 6.5 Distributions of Available Cash from Capital Surplus. Available Cash that is deemed to be Capital Surplus shall be distributed as if it were Operating Surplus.

Section 6.6 Adjustment of Minimum Quarterly Distribution. The Minimum Quarterly Distribution shall be proportionately adjusted in the event of any distribution, combination or subdivision (whether effected by a distribution payable in Units or otherwise) of Units or other Partnership Interests in accordance with Section 5.8. In the event of a distribution of Available Cash that is deemed to be from Capital Surplus, the then applicable Minimum Quarterly Distribution shall be adjusted proportionately downward to equal the product obtained by multiplying the otherwise applicable Minimum Quarterly Distribution by a fraction of which the numerator is the Unrecovered Initial Unit Price of the Common Units immediately after giving effect to such distribution and of which the denominator is the Unrecovered Initial Unit Price of the Common Units immediately prior to giving effect to such distribution.

ARTICLE VII

MANAGEMENT AND OPERATION OF BUSINESS

Section 7.1 Management.

(a) Except as delegated to the Manager Group as set forth in the Management Services Agreement or as otherwise provided therein or in the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement, the General Partner shall conduct, direct and manage all activities of the Partnership. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, but without limitation on the ability of the General Partner to delegate its rights and power to other Persons, all management powers over the business and affairs of the Partnership shall be exclusively vested in the General Partner, and no Limited Partner in its capacity as such shall have any management power over the business and affairs of the Partnership. In addition to the powers now or hereafter granted to a general partner of a limited partnership under applicable law or that are granted to the General Partner under any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner, subject to Section 7.3, shall have full power and authority to do all things and on such terms as it determines to be necessary or appropriate to conduct the business of the Partnership, to exercise all powers set forth in Section 2.5 and to effectuate the purposes set forth in Section 2.4, including the following:

54

(i) the making of any expenditures, the lending or borrowing of money, the assumption or guarantee of, or other contracting for, indebtedness and other liabilities, the issuance of evidences of indebtedness, including indebtedness that is convertible into or exchangeable for Partnership Interests, and the incurring of any other obligations;

(ii) the making of tax, regulatory and other filings, or rendering of periodic or other reports to governmental or other agencies having jurisdiction over the business or assets of the Partnership;

(iii) the acquisition, disposition, mortgage, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or exchange of any or all of the assets of the Partnership or the merger or other combination of the Partnership with or into another Person (the matters described in this clause (iii) being subject, however, to any prior approval that may be required by Section 7.3 and Article XIV);

(iv) the use of the assets of the Partnership (including cash on hand) for any purpose consistent with the terms of this Agreement, including (A) the financing of the conduct of the operations of the Partnership Group; (B) subject to Section 7.6(a), the lending of funds to other Persons (including other Group Members); (C) the repayment or guarantee of obligations of any Group Member; and (D) the making of capital contributions to any Group Member;

(v) the negotiation, execution and performance of any contracts, conveyances or other instruments (including instruments that limit the liability of the Partnership under contractual arrangements to all or particular assets of the Partnership, with the other party to the contract having no recourse against the General Partner or its assets other than its interest in the Partnership, even if the same results in the terms of the transaction are less favorable to the Partnership than would otherwise be the case);

(vi) the distribution of cash held by the Partnership;

(vii) the selection and dismissal of employees (including employees having titles such as president, vice president, secretary and treasurer) and agents, internal and outside attorneys, accountants, consultants and contractors and the determination of their compensation and other terms of employment or hiring;

(viii) the maintenance of insurance for the benefit of the Partnership Group, the Partners and Indemnitees;

(ix) the formation of, or acquisition of an interest in, and the contribution of property and the making of loans to, any further limited or general partnerships, joint ventures, corporations, limited liability companies or 

55

other Persons (including the acquisition of interests in, and the contributions of property to, any Group Member from time to time) subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.4;

(x) the control of any matters affecting the rights and obligations of the Partnership, including the bringing and defending of actions at law or in equity and otherwise engaging in the conduct of litigation, arbitration or mediation and the incurring of legal expense and the settlement of claims and litigation;

(xi) the indemnification of any Person against liabilities and contingencies to the extent permitted by law;

(xii) the purchase, sale or other acquisition or disposition of Partnership Interests, or the issuance of Derivative Partnership Interests;

(xiii) the undertaking of any action in connection with the Partnerships participation in the management of any Group Member; and

(xiv) the entering into of agreements with any of its Affiliates to render services to a Group Member or to itself in the discharge of its duties as General Partner of the Partnership.

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, the Delaware Act or any applicable law, rule or regulation, each of the Partners and each other Person who may acquire an interest in Partnership Interests hereby agrees that the execution, delivery or performance by the General Partner, any Group Member or any Affiliate of any of them of this Agreement or any agreement authorized or permitted under this Agreement (including the exercise by the General Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner of the rights accorded pursuant to Article XVII) shall not constitute a breach by the General Partner of any duty or any other obligation of any type whatsoever that the General Partner may owe the Partnership or the Limited Partners or any other Persons under this Agreement (or any other agreements) or of any duty existing at law, in equity or otherwise.

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the consent of the XPLR Partners General Partner, which may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion, shall be required for the following actions:

(i) Sale of all or substantially all assets of the Partnership Group as set forth in Section 7.3.

(ii) Merger, consolidation, or conversion of the Partnership, as set forth in Section 14.2, or the merger, consolidation, or conversion of any other Group Member.

56

(iii) Dissolution of the Partnership, as set forth in Section 12.1(b), or the dissolution of any other Group Member.

(iv) Transfer by the General Partner of all or any part of its General Partner Interest to another Person as set forth in Section 4.6.

(v) Amendment of this Agreement.

Section 7.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership. The General Partner has caused the Certificate of Limited Partnership to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as required by the Delaware Act. The General Partner shall use all reasonable efforts to cause to be filed such other certificates or documents that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate for the formation, continuation, qualification and operation of a limited partnership (or a partnership in which the limited partners have limited liability) in the State of Delaware or any other state in which the Partnership may elect to do business or own property. To the extent the General Partner determines such action to be necessary or appropriate, the General Partner shall file amendments to and restatements of the Certificate of Limited Partnership and do all things to maintain the Partnership as a limited partnership (or a partnership or other entity in which the limited partners have limited liability) under the laws of the State of Delaware or of any other state in which the Partnership may elect to do business or own property. Subject to the terms of Section 3.3(a), the General Partner shall not be required, before or after filing, to deliver or mail a copy of the Certificate of Limited Partnership, any qualification document or any amendment thereto to any Limited Partner.

Section 7.3 Restrictions on the General Partners Authority to Sell Assets of the Partnership Group.

Except as provided in Article XII and Article XIV, the General Partner may not sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership Group, taken as a whole, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions without the approval of the XPLR Partners General Partner and holders of a Unit Majority; provided, however, that this provision shall not preclude or limit the General Partners ability to mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or grant a security interest in all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership Group and shall not apply to any forced sale of any or all of the assets of the Partnership Group pursuant to the foreclosure of, or other realization upon, any such encumbrance.

Section 7.4 Reimbursement of the General Partner.

(a) Except as provided in the Management Services Agreement and elsewhere in this Agreement, the General Partner shall not be compensated for its services as a general partner or managing member of any Group Member.

(b) Subject to the Management Services Agreement, and without duplication, the General Partner and its Affiliates shall be reimbursed on a monthly basis, or such other basis as the General Partner may determine, for (i) all direct and indirect expenses it incurs or payments it makes on behalf of the Partnership Group and (ii) all other expenses allocable to 

57

the Partnership Group or otherwise incurred by the General Partner or its Affiliates in connection with managing and operating the Partnership Groups business and affairs (including expenses allocated to the General Partner by its Affiliates). The General Partner shall determine the expenses that are allocable to the Partnership Group. Reimbursements pursuant to this Section 7.4 shall be in addition to any reimbursement to the General Partner as a result of indemnification pursuant to Section 7.7. This provision does not affect the ability of the General Partner and its Affiliates to enter into an agreement to provide services to any Group Member for a fee or otherwise than for cost.

Section 7.5 Outside Activities.

(a) The General Partner, for so long as it is the General Partner of the Partnership, (i) agrees that its sole business will be to act as a general partner or managing member, as the case may be, of the Partnership and any other partnership or limited liability company of which the Partnership is, directly or indirectly, a partner or member and to undertake activities that are ancillary or related thereto (including being a Limited Partner in the Partnership) and (ii) shall not engage in any business or activity or incur any debts or liabilities except in connection with or incidental to (A) its performance as general partner or managing member, if any, of one or more Group Members or as described in or contemplated by XPLR Partners public filings with the Commission or (B) the acquiring, owning or disposing of debt securities or equity interests in any Group Member.

(b) Subject to the terms of Section 7.5(c), the Right of First Offer Agreement and the Right of First Refusal Agreement, each Unrestricted Person (other than the General Partner) shall have the right to engage in businesses of every type and description and other activities for profit and to engage in and possess an interest in other business ventures of any and every type or description, whether in businesses engaged in or anticipated to be engaged in by any Group Member, independently or with others, including business interests and activities in direct competition with the business and activities of any Group Member, and none of the same shall constitute a breach of this Agreement or any duty otherwise existing at law, in equity or otherwise, to any Group Member or any Partner; provided such Unrestricted Person does not engage in such business or activity using confidential or proprietary information provided by or on behalf of the Partnership to such Unrestricted Person. None of any Group Member, any Limited Partner or any other Person shall have any rights by virtue of this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, or the partnership relationship established hereby in any business ventures of any Unrestricted Person.

(c) Subject to the terms of Sections 7.5(a) and Section 7.5(b), the Right of First Offer Agreement and the Right of First Refusal Agreement, but otherwise notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) the engaging in competitive activities by any Unrestricted Person (other than the General Partner) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.5 is hereby approved by the Partnership and all Partners, (ii) it shall be deemed not to be a breach of any duty otherwise existing at law, in equity or otherwise, of the General Partner or any other Unrestricted Person for the Unrestricted Persons (other than the General Partner) to engage in such business interests and activities in preference to or to the 

58

exclusion of the Partnership and (iii) the Unrestricted Persons shall have no obligation hereunder or as a result of any duty otherwise existing at law, in equity or otherwise, to present business opportunities to the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine, shall not apply to any Unrestricted Person (including the General Partner). No Unrestricted Person (including the General Partner) who acquires knowledge of a potential transaction, agreement, arrangement or other matter that may be an opportunity for the Partnership, shall have any duty to communicate or offer such opportunity to the Partnership, and such Unrestricted Person (including the General Partner) shall not be liable to the Partnership, to any Limited Partner or any other Person bound by this Agreement for breach of any duty otherwise existing at law, in equity or otherwise, by reason of the fact that such Unrestricted Person (including the General Partner) pursues or acquires for itself, directs such opportunity to another Person or does not communicate such opportunity or information to the Partnership, provided such Unrestricted Person does not engage in such business or activity using confidential or proprietary information provided by or on behalf of the Partnership to such Unrestricted Person.

(d) The General Partner and each of its Affiliates may acquire Units or other Partnership Interests and, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, shall be entitled to exercise, at their option, all rights relating to all Units and/or other Partnership Interests acquired by them. The term Affiliates when used in this Section 7.5(d) with respect to the General Partner shall not include any Group Member.

Section 7.6 Loans from the General Partner; Loans or Contributions from the Partnership or Group Members.

(a) The General Partner or any of its Affiliates may lend to any Group Member, and any Group Member may borrow from the General Partner or any of its Affiliates, funds needed or desired by the Group Member for such periods of time and in such amounts as the General Partner may determine; provided, however, that in any such case the lending party may charge the borrowing party interest at prevailing rates (including prevailing origination fees) that would be charged or imposed on the borrowing party by unrelated lenders on comparable loans made on an arms-length basis (without reference to the lending partys financial abilities or guarantees), all as determined by the General Partner. The borrowing party shall reimburse the lending party for any costs (other than any additional interest costs) incurred by the lending party in connection with the borrowing of such funds. For purposes of this Section 7.6(a) and Section 7.6(b), the term Group Member shall include any Affiliate of a Group Member that is controlled by the Group Member.

(b) The Partnership may lend or contribute to any Group Member, and any Group Member may borrow from the Partnership, funds on terms and conditions determined by the General Partner. No Group Member may lend funds to the General Partner or any of its Affiliates (other than another Group Member); provided, however, that Cash Sweep Withdrawals shall not be subject to this Section 7.6(b).

59

(c) No borrowing by any Group Member or the approval thereof by the General Partner shall be deemed to constitute a breach of any duty or any other obligation of any type whatsoever, expressed or implied, of the General Partner or its Affiliates to the Partnership or the Limited Partners existing hereunder, or existing at law, in equity or otherwise by reason of the fact that the purpose or effect of such borrowing is directly or indirectly to enable distributions to the General Partner or its Affiliates (including in their capacities as Limited Partners) to exceed the General Partners or its Affiliates Percentage Interest of the total amount distributed to all Limited Partners.

Section 7.7 Indemnification.

(a) To the fullest extent permitted by law but subject to the limitations expressly provided in this Agreement, all Indemnitees shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Partnership from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts arising from any and all threatened, pending or completed claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and whether formal or informal and including appeals, in which any Indemnitee may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, by reason of its status as an Indemnitee and acting (or omitting or refraining to act) in such capacity on behalf of or for the benefit of the Partnership; provided, that the Indemnitee shall not be indemnified and held harmless pursuant to this Agreement if there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter for which the Indemnitee is seeking indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, the Indemnitee acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud, willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that the Indemnitees conduct was unlawful; provided, further, no indemnification pursuant to this Section 7.7 shall be available to any Indemnitee (other than a Group Member) with respect to any such Affiliates obligations pursuant to the Transaction Documents. Any indemnification pursuant to this Section 7.7 shall be made only out of the assets of the Partnership, it being agreed that the General Partner shall not be personally liable for such indemnification and shall have no obligation to contribute or loan any monies or property to the Partnership to enable it to effectuate such indemnification.

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by law, expenses (including legal fees and expenses) incurred by an Indemnitee who is indemnified pursuant to Section 7.7(a) in defending any claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding shall, from time to time, be advanced by the Partnership prior to a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter for which the Indemnitee is seeking indemnification pursuant to this Section 7.7, the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified upon receipt by the Partnership of any undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnitee to repay such amount if it shall be ultimately determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized by this Section 7.7.

(c) The indemnification provided by this Section 7.7 shall be in addition to any other rights to which an Indemnitee may be entitled under this Agreement, any other 

60

agreement, including the Management Services Agreement, pursuant to any vote of the holders of Outstanding Limited Partner Interests, as a matter of law, in equity or otherwise, both as to actions in the Indemnitees capacity as an Indemnitee and as to actions in any other capacity, and shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to serve in such capacity and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, successors, assigns and administrators of the Indemnitee.

(d) The Partnership may purchase and maintain (or reimburse the General Partner or its Affiliates for the cost of) insurance, on behalf of the General Partner, its Affiliates and such other Persons as the General Partner shall determine, against any liability that may be asserted against, or expense that may be incurred by, such Person in connection with the Partnerships activities or such Persons activities on behalf of the Partnership, regardless of whether the Partnership would have the power to indemnify such Person against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement.

(e) For purposes of this Section 7.7: (i) the Partnership shall be deemed to have requested an Indemnitee to serve as fiduciary of an employee benefit plan whenever the performance by it of its duties to the Partnership also imposes duties on, or otherwise involves services by, it to the plan or participants or beneficiaries of the plan; (ii) excise taxes assessed on an Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan pursuant to applicable law shall constitute fines within the meaning of Section 7.7(a); and (iii) action taken or omitted by it with respect to any employee benefit plan in the performance of its duties for a purpose reasonably believed by it to be in the best interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the plan shall be deemed to be for a purpose that is in the best interests of the Partnership.

(f) In no event may an Indemnitee subject the Limited Partners to personal liability by reason of the indemnification provisions set forth in this Agreement.

(g) An Indemnitee shall not be denied indemnification in whole or in part under this Section 7.7 because the Indemnitee had an interest in the transaction with respect to which the indemnification applies if the transaction was otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement.

(h) The provisions of this Section 7.7 are for the benefit of the Indemnitees and their heirs, successors, assigns, executors and administrators and shall not be deemed to create any rights for the benefit of any other Persons.

(i) No amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 7.7 or any provision hereof shall in any manner terminate, reduce or impair the right of any past, present or future Indemnitee to be indemnified by the Partnership, nor the obligations of the Partnership to indemnify any such Indemnitee under and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.7 as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to claims arising from or relating to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when such claims may arise or be asserted.

Section 7.8 Liability of Indemnitees.

61

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, no Indemnitee shall be liable for monetary damages to the Partnership, the Limited Partners, or any other Persons who have acquired interests in the Partnership Interests, for losses sustained or liabilities incurred as a result of any act or omission of an Indemnitee unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter in question, the Indemnitee acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud, willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that the Indemnitees conduct was criminal.

(b) The General Partner may exercise any of the powers granted to it by this Agreement and perform any of the duties imposed upon it hereunder either directly or by or through its employees or agents, and the General Partner shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such employee or agent appointed by the General Partner in good faith.

(c) To the extent that, at law or in equity, an Indemnitee has duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Partnership or to the Partners, the General Partner and any other Indemnitee acting in connection with the Partnerships business or affairs shall not be liable to the Partnership or to any Partner for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement.

(d) Any amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 7.8 or any provision hereof shall be prospective only and shall not in any way affect the limitations on the liability of the Indemnitees under this Section 7.8 as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to claims arising from or relating to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when such claims may arise or be asserted.

Section 7.9 Resolution of Conflicts of Interest; Standards of Conduct and Modification of Duties.

(a) Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or any Group Member Agreement, whenever a potential conflict of interest exists or arises between the General Partner or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Partnership, any Group Member or any Partner, on the other, any resolution or course of action by the General Partner or its Affiliates in respect of such conflict of interest shall be permitted and deemed approved by all Partners, and shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement, of any Group Member Agreement, of any agreement contemplated herein or therein, or of any duty stated or implied by law or equity, if the resolution or course of action in respect of such conflict of interest is (i) approved by Special Approval, (ii) approved by the vote of a majority of the Outstanding XPLR Partners Common Units (excluding, if the conflict involves the General Partner or any of its Affiliates, XPLR Partners Common Units owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates), (iii) determined by the Board of Directors to be on terms no less favorable to the Partnership than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or (iv) determined by the Board of Directors to be fair and reasonable to the Partnership, taking into account the totality of the 

62

relationships between the parties involved (including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to the Partnership). The General Partner shall be authorized but not required in connection with its resolution of such conflict of interest to seek Special Approval or approval by the holders of XPLR Partners Common Units of such resolution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner, for itself and its Affiliates, may also adopt a resolution or course of action that has not received Special Approval or the approval by the holders of XPLR Partners Common Units. Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or any Group Member Agreement, whenever the General Partner makes a determination to refer or not to refer any potential conflict of interest to the Conflicts Committee for Special Approval or to seek or not to seek approval by the holders of the XPLR Partners Common Units, the General Partner shall be entitled, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to make such determination or to take or decline to take such other action free of any duty or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership or any Limited Partner, and the General Partner shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity, and the General Partner in making such determination or taking or declining to take such other action shall be permitted to do so in its sole and absolute discretion. If Special Approval is sought, then it shall be presumed that, in making its decision, the Conflicts Committee acted in good faith, and if the Board of Directors determines that the resolution or course of action taken with respect to a conflict of interest satisfies either of the standards set forth in clauses (iii) or (iv) above, then it shall be presumed that, in making its decision, the Board of Directors acted in good faith. In any proceeding brought by any Limited Partner or by or on behalf of such Limited Partner or any other Limited Partner or the Partnership challenging any action by the Conflicts Committee with respect to any matter referred to the Conflicts Committee for Special Approval by the General Partner, any action by the Board of Directors in determining whether the resolution or course of action taken with respect to a conflict of interest satisfies either of the standards set forth in clauses (iii) or (iv) above, the Person bringing or prosecuting such proceeding shall have the burden of overcoming the presumption that the Conflicts Committee or the Board of Directors, as applicable, acted in good faith; in all cases subject to the provisions for conclusive determination in Section 7.9(b). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any duty otherwise existing at law or equity, the existence of the conflicts of interest described in the IPO Registration Statement are hereby approved by all Partners and shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement.

(b) Whenever the General Partner or the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof (including the Conflicts Committee), makes a determination or takes or declines to take any other action, or any Affiliate of the General Partner causes the General Partner to do so, in its capacity as the general partner of the Partnership as opposed to in its individual capacity, whether under this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement or any other agreement, then, unless another express standard is provided for in this Agreement, the General Partner, such Board of Directors or such committee or such Affiliates causing the General Partner to do so, shall make such determination or take or decline to take such other action in good faith and shall not be subject to any other or different standards (including fiduciary standards) imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement 

63

contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity. A determination or other action or inaction will conclusively be deemed to be in good faith for all purposes of this Agreement, if the Person or Persons making such determination or taking or declining to take such other action subjectively believe that the determination or other action or inaction is in the best interests of the Partnership Group; provided, that if the Board of Directors is making a determination or taking or declining to take an action pursuant to clause (iii) or clause (iv) of the first sentence of Section 7.9(a), then in lieu thereof, such determination or other action or inaction will conclusively be deemed to be in good faith for all purposes of this Agreement if the members of the Board of Directors making such determination or taking or declining to take such other action subjectively believe that the determination or other action or inaction meets the standard set forth in clause (iii) or clause (iv) of the first sentence of Section 7.9(a), as applicable.

(c) Whenever the General Partner makes a determination or takes or declines to take any other action, or any of its Affiliates causes it to do so, in its individual capacity as opposed to in its capacity as the general partner of the Partnership, whether under this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement or any other agreement contemplated hereby or otherwise, then the General Partner, or such Affiliates causing it to do so, are entitled, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to make such determination or to take or decline to take such other action free of any duty or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership or any Limited Partner, and the General Partner, or such Affiliates causing it to do so, shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity, and the Person or Persons making such determination or taking or declining to take such other action shall be permitted to do so in their sole and absolute discretion. By way of illustration and not of limitation, whenever the phrase, the General Partner at its option, or some variation of that phrase, is used in this Agreement, it indicates that the General Partner is acting in its individual capacity.

(d) The General Partners organizational documents may provide that determinations to take or decline to take any action in its individual, rather than representative, capacity may or shall be determined by its members, if the General Partner is a limited liability company, by its stockholders, if the General Partner is a corporation, or by the members or stockholders of the General Partners general partner, if the General Partner is a partnership.

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner and its Affiliates shall have no duty or obligation, express or implied, to (i) sell or otherwise dispose of any asset of the Partnership Group other than in the ordinary course of business or (ii) permit any Group Member to use any facilities or assets of the General Partner and its Affiliates, except as may be provided in contracts entered into from time to time specifically dealing with such use. Any determination by the General Partner or any of its Affiliates to enter into such contracts shall be at its option.

64

(f) Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement or required by the Delaware Act, neither the General Partner nor any other Indemnitee shall have any duties or liabilities, including fiduciary duties, to the Partnership or any Limited Partner and the provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict, eliminate or otherwise modify the duties and liabilities, including fiduciary duties, of the General Partner or any other Indemnitee otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed by the Partners to replace such other duties and liabilities of the General Partner or such other Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall eliminate or limit (i) the express contractual provisions set forth herein or (ii) the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing.

(g) The Unitholders shall be deemed to have authorized the General Partner, on behalf of the Partnership as a general partner or managing member of a Group Member, to approve actions by the general partner or managing member of such Group Member similar to those actions permitted to be taken by the General Partner pursuant to this Section 7.9.

Section 7.10 Other Matters Concerning the General Partner.

(a) The General Partner and any other Indemnitee may rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. 

(b) The General Partner and any other Indemnitee may consult with legal counsel, accountants, appraisers, management consultants, investment bankers and other consultants and advisers selected by it, and any act taken or omitted to be taken in reliance upon the advice or opinion (including an Opinion of Counsel) of such Persons as to matters that the General Partner or such Indemnitee, respectively, reasonably believes to be within such Persons professional or expert competence shall be conclusively presumed to have been done or omitted in good faith and in accordance with such advice or opinion. 

(c) The General Partner shall have the right, in respect of any of its powers or obligations hereunder, to act through any of its duly authorized officers, a duly appointed attorney or attorneys-in-fact or the duly authorized officers of the Partnership or any Group Member. 

Section 7.11 Purchase or Sale of Partnership Interests. The General Partner may cause the Partnership to purchase or otherwise acquire Partnership Interests or Derivative Partnership Interests. As long as Partnership Interests are held by any Group Member, such Partnership Interests shall not be considered Outstanding for any purpose, except as otherwise provided herein. The General Partner or any Affiliate of the General Partner may also purchase or otherwise acquire and sell or otherwise dispose of Partnership Interests for its own account, subject to the provisions of Articles IV and X. 

Section 7.12 Reliance by Third Parties. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Person (other than the General Partner and its Affiliates) dealing 

65

with the Partnership shall be entitled to assume that the General Partner and any officer of the General Partner authorized by the General Partner to act on behalf of and in the name of the Partnership has full power and authority to encumber, sell or otherwise use in any manner any and all assets of the Partnership and to enter into any authorized contracts on behalf of the Partnership, and such Person shall be entitled to deal with the General Partner or any such officer as if it were the Partnerships sole party in interest, both legally and beneficially. Each Limited Partner hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all defenses or other remedies that may be available against such Person to contest, negate or disaffirm any action of the General Partner or any such officer in connection with any such dealing. In no event shall any Person (other than the General Partner and its Affiliates) dealing with the General Partner or any such officer or its representatives be obligated to ascertain that the terms of this Agreement have been complied with or to inquire into the necessity or expedience of any act or action of the General Partner or any such officer or its representatives. Each and every certificate, document or other instrument executed on behalf of the Partnership by the General Partner or their officers and representatives shall be conclusive evidence in favor of any and every Person relying thereon or claiming thereunder that (a) at the time of the execution and delivery of such certificate, document or instrument, this Agreement was in full force and effect, (b) the Person executing and delivering such certificate, document or instrument was duly authorized and empowered to do so for and on behalf of the Partnership and (c) such certificate, document or instrument was duly executed and delivered in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement and is binding upon the Partnership.

ARTICLE VIII

BOOKS, RECORDS, ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS 

Section 8.1 Records and Accounting. The General Partner shall keep or cause to be kept at the principal office of the Partnership appropriate books and records with respect to the Partnerships business, including the Register. Any books and records maintained by or on behalf of the Partnership in the regular course of its business, including the Register, books of account and records of Partnership proceedings, may be kept on, or be in the form of, computer disks, hard drives, punch cards, magnetic tape, photographs, micrographics or any other information storage device; provided, that the books and records so maintained are convertible into clearly legible written form within a reasonable period of time. The books of the Partnership shall be maintained, for financial reporting purposes, on an accrual basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Partnership shall not be required to keep books maintained on a cash basis and the General Partner shall be permitted to calculate cash-based measures, including Operating Surplus, by making such adjustments to its accrual basis books to account for non-cash items and other adjustments as the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate. 

Section 8.2 Fiscal Year. Except as otherwise required by law, the fiscal year of the Partnership for financial reporting and tax purposes shall be a fiscal year ending December 31.

66

ARTICLE IX

TAX MATTERS

Section 9.1 Tax Returns and Information. The Partnership shall timely file all returns of the Partnership that are required for federal, state and local income tax purposes on the basis of the taxable period or year that it is required by law to adopt, from time to time, as determined by the General Partner. In the event the Partnership is required to use a taxable period other than a year ending on December 31, the General Partner shall use reasonable efforts to change the taxable period of the Partnership to a year ending on December 31. The tax information reasonably required by Partners for federal and state income tax reporting purposes with respect to a taxable period shall be furnished to them within one hundred eighty (180) days of the close of the calendar year in which the Partnerships taxable period ends. In addition, the Partnership shall furnish to NEE Equity any additional tax information reasonably requested by NEE Equity in order to comply with its organizational documents, including additional detail regarding the source of any items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit allocated to NEE Equity to the extent not otherwise reflected in the information provided to the Partners under the preceding sentence.

Section 9.2 Tax Characterization. Unless otherwise determined by the General Partner, the Partnership shall be treated as a partnership and not as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the Partners and the Partnership shall not take any action that would cause the Partnership to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (as well as for any analogous state or local tax purposes). 

Section 9.3 Tax Elections.

(a) The Partnership shall make the election under Section 754 of the Code in accordance with applicable regulations thereunder, subject to the reservation of the right to seek to revoke any such election upon the General Partners determination that such revocation is in the best interests of the Limited Partners.

(b) Except as otherwise provided herein, the General Partner shall determine whether the Partnership should make any other elections permitted by the Code.

Section 9.4 Tax Controversies. Subject to the provisions hereof, XPLR Partners is designated as the tax matters partner (as defined in Section 6231(a)(7) of the Code) and is authorized and required to represent the Partnership (at the Partnerships expense) in connection with all examinations of the Partnerships affairs by tax authorities, including resulting administrative and judicial proceedings, and to expend Partnership funds for professional services and costs associated therewith. Each Partner agrees to cooperate with XPLR Partners and to do or refrain from doing any or all things reasonably required by XPLR Partners to conduct such proceedings. 

Section 9.5 Withholding. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner is authorized to take any action that may be required to cause the 

67

Partnership and other Group Members to comply with any withholding requirements established under the Code or any other federal, state or local law including pursuant to Sections 1441, 1442, 1445 and 1446 of the Code, or established under any foreign law, at the direction of the XPLR Partners General Partner. To the extent that the Partnership is required or elects to withhold and pay over to any taxing authority any amount resulting from the allocation or distribution of income to any Partner (including by reason of Section 1446 of the Code), the General Partner may treat the amount withheld as a distribution of cash pursuant to Article VI or Section 12.4(c) in the amount of such withholding from such Partner. To the extent such amount exceeds the amount of distributions to which the Partner is otherwise entitled under Article VI, such amounts withheld shall constitute a loan by the Partnership to such Partner, which loan shall be repaid upon demand of the General Partner, and General Partner may offset any future distributions to which such Partner is otherwise entitled by the unpaid amount of such loan.

Section 9.6 Direction of Manager. Any determination to be made by the General Partner under this Article IX shall be made at the direction of the Manager pursuant to the Management Services Agreement for so long as the Management Services Agreement remains in effect; provided, however, that any such determination shall not be effected if the Board of Directors determines that it would materially adversely affect any class of Unitholders.

ARTICLE X

ADMISSION OF PARTNERS

Section 10.1 Admission of Limited Partners.

(a) [Reserved]

(b) By acceptance of any Limited Partner Interests transferred in accordance with Article IV or acceptance of any Limited Partner Interests issued pursuant to Article V or pursuant to a merger, consolidation or conversion pursuant to Article XIV, each transferee of, or other such Person acquiring, a Limited Partner Interest (including any nominee, agent or representative acquiring such Limited Partner Interests for the account of another Person or Group, which nominee, agent or representative shall be subject to Section 10.1(c) below) (i) shall be admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner with respect to the Limited Partner Interests so transferred or issued to such Person when such Person becomes the Record Holder of the Limited Partner Interests so transferred or acquired, (ii) shall become bound, and shall be deemed to have agreed to be bound, by the terms of this Agreement, (iii) shall be deemed to represent that the transferee or acquirer has the capacity, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and (iv) shall be deemed to make any consents, acknowledgements or waivers contained in this Agreement, all with or without execution of this Agreement by such Person. The transfer of any Limited Partner Interests and the admission of any new Limited Partner shall not constitute an amendment to this Agreement. A Person may become a Limited Partner without the consent or approval of any of the Partners. A Person may not become a Limited Partner without acquiring a Limited Partner Interest and becoming the Record Holder of such Limited Partner Interest.

68

(c) With respect to Units that are held for a Persons account by another Person that is the Record Holder (such as a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation, or an agent of any of the foregoing), such Record Holder shall, in exercising the rights of a Limited Partner in respect of such Units, including the right to vote, on any matter, and unless the arrangement between such Persons provides otherwise, take all action as a Limited Partner by virtue of being the Record Holder of such Units in accordance with the direction of the Person who is the beneficial owner of such Units, and the Partnership shall be entitled to assume such Record Holder is so acting without further inquiry. The provisions of this Section 10.1(c) are subject to the provisions of Section 4.3.

(d) The name and mailing address of each Record Holder shall be listed in the Register. The General Partner shall update the Register from time to time as necessary to reflect accurately the information therein (or shall cause the Transfer Agent to do so, as applicable).

(e) Any transfer of a Limited Partner Interest shall not entitle the transferee to share in the profits and losses, to receive distributions, to receive allocations of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit or any similar item or to any other rights to which the transferor was entitled until the transferee becomes a Limited Partner pursuant to Section 10.1(b).

Section 10.2 Admission of Successor General Partner. A successor General Partner approved pursuant to Section 11.1 or Section 11.2 or the transferee of or successor to all of the General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6 who is proposed to be admitted as a successor General Partner shall be admitted to the Partnership as the General Partner, effective immediately prior to the withdrawal or removal of the predecessor or transferring General Partner, pursuant to Section 11.1 or 11.2 or the transfer of the General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6, provided, however, that no such successor shall be admitted to the Partnership until compliance with the terms of Section 4.6 has occurred and such successor has executed and delivered such other documents or instruments as may be required to effect such admission. Any such successor is hereby authorized to and shall, subject to the terms hereof, carry on the business of the members of the Partnership Group without dissolution.

Section 10.3 Amendment of Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership. To effect the admission to the Partnership of any Partner, the General Partner shall take all steps necessary or appropriate under the Delaware Act to amend the Register and any other records of the Partnership to reflect such admission and, if necessary, to prepare as soon as practicable an amendment to this Agreement and, if required by law, the General Partner shall prepare and file an amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership.

ARTICLE XI

WITHDRAWAL OR REMOVAL OF PARTNERS

Section 11.1 Withdrawal of the General Partner.

69

(a) The General Partner shall be deemed to have withdrawn from the Partnership upon the occurrence of any one of the following events (each such event herein referred to as an Event of Withdrawal);

(i) The General Partner voluntarily withdraws from the Partnership by giving written notice to the other Partners pursuant to Section 11.1(b);

(ii) The General Partner transfers all of its General Partner Interest pursuant to Section 4.6;

(iii) The General Partner is removed pursuant to Section 11.2;

(iv) The General Partner (A) makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (B) files a voluntary bankruptcy petition for relief under Chapter 7 of the United States Bankruptcy Code; (C) files a petition or answer seeking for itself a liquidation, dissolution or similar relief (but not a reorganization) under any law; (D) files an answer or other pleading admitting or failing to contest the material allegations of a petition filed against the General Partner in a proceeding of the type described in clauses (A)-(C) of this Section 11.1(a)(iv); or (E) seeks, consents to or acquiesces in the appointment of a trustee (but not a debtor-in-possession), receiver or liquidator of the General Partner or of all or any substantial part of its properties;

(v) A final and non-appealable order of relief under Chapter 7 of the United States Bankruptcy Code is entered by a court with appropriate jurisdiction pursuant to a voluntary or involuntary petition by or against the General Partner; or

(vi) (A) if the General Partner is a corporation, a certificate of dissolution or its equivalent is filed for the General Partner, or ninety (90) days expire after the date of notice to the General Partner of revocation of its charter without a reinstatement of its charter, under the laws of its state of incorporation; (B) if the General Partner is a partnership or a limited liability company, the dissolution and commencement of winding up of the General Partner; (C) if the General Partner is acting in such capacity by virtue of being a trustee of a trust, the termination of the trust; (D) if the General Partner is a natural person, his death or adjudication of incompetency; and (E) otherwise upon the termination of the General Partner.

If an Event of Withdrawal specified in Section 11.1(a)(iv), (v) or (vi)(A), (B), (C) or (E) occurs, the withdrawing General Partner shall give notice to the Limited Partners within thirty (30) days after such occurrence. The Partners hereby agree that only the Events of Withdrawal described in this Section 11.1 shall result in the withdrawal of the General Partner from the Partnership.

70

(b) Withdrawal of the General Partner from the Partnership upon the occurrence of an Event of Withdrawal shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement under the following circumstances: (i) (A) XPLR Partners general partner has withdrawn or has been removed from XPLR Partners and (B) the General Partner voluntarily withdraws by giving at least ninety (90) days advance notice to the Unitholders, such withdrawal to take effect on the date specified in such notice; or (ii) at any time that the General Partner ceases to be the General Partner pursuant to Section 11.1(a)(ii) or is removed pursuant to Section 11.2. The withdrawal of the General Partner from the Partnership upon the occurrence of an Event of Withdrawal shall also constitute the withdrawal of the General Partner as general partner or managing member, if any, to the extent applicable, of the other Group Members. If the General Partner gives a notice of withdrawal pursuant to Section 11.1(a)(i), the holders of a Unit Majority, may, prior to the effective date of such withdrawal, elect a successor General Partner, which shall be approved by the XPLR Partners General Partner. The Person so elected as successor General Partner shall automatically become the successor general partner or managing member, to the extent applicable, of the other Group Members of which the General Partner is a general partner or a managing member. Any successor General Partner elected in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.1 shall be subject to the provisions of Section 10.2.

Section 11.2 Removal of the General Partner. The General Partner may not be removed as a general partner of the Partnership unless the XPLR Partners General Partner is removed as a general partner of XPLR Partners in accordance with the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement. If the XPLR Partners General Partner is removed as a general partner of XPLR Partners in accordance with the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement, the General Partner shall be removed as a general partner of the Partnership and the successor General Partner effective upon the election of a successor General Partner by holders of a Unit Majority and the admission of such successor General Partner pursuant to Section 10.2. The removal of the General Partner shall also automatically constitute the removal of the General Partner as general partner or managing member, to the extent applicable, of the other Group Members of which the General Partner is a general partner or a managing member. If a Person is elected as a successor General Partner in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.2, such Person shall, upon admission pursuant to Section 10.2, automatically become a successor general partner or managing member, to the extent applicable, of the other Group Members of which the General Partner is a general partner or a managing member. Any successor General Partner elected in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.2 shall be subject to the provisions of Section 10.2.

Section 11.3 Withdrawal of Limited Partners. No Limited Partner shall have any right to withdraw from the Partnership; provided, however, that when a transferee of a Limited Partners Limited Partner Interest becomes a Record Holder of the Limited Partner Interest so transferred, such transferring Limited Partner shall cease to be a Limited Partner with respect to the Limited Partner Interest so transferred.

71

ARTICLE XII

DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION

Section 12.1 Dissolution. The Partnership shall not be dissolved by the admission of additional Limited Partners or by the admission of a successor General Partner in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Upon the removal or withdrawal of the General Partner, if a successor General Partner is elected pursuant to Section 11.1, Section 11.2 or Section 12.2, the Partnership shall not be dissolved and such successor General Partner shall continue the business of the Partnership. The Partnership shall dissolve, and (subject to Section 12.2) its affairs shall be wound up, upon:

(a) an Event of Withdrawal of the General Partner as provided in Section 11.1(a) (other than Section 11.1(a)(ii)), unless a successor is elected and an Opinion of Counsel is received as provided in Section 12.2 and such successor is admitted to the Partnership pursuant to Section 10.2;

(b) an election to dissolve the Partnership by the General Partner that is approved by the holders of a Unit Majority and the XPLR Partners General Partner;

(c) the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution of the Partnership pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware Act; or

(d) at any time there are no Limited Partners, unless the Partnership is continued without dissolution in accordance with the Delaware Act.

Section 12.2 Continuation of the Business of the Partnership After Dissolution. Upon (a) dissolution of the Partnership following an Event of Withdrawal caused by the withdrawal or removal of the General Partner as provided in Section 11.1(a)(i) or (iii) and the failure of the Partners to select a successor to such Departing General Partner pursuant to Section 11.1 or Section 11.2, then, to the maximum extent permitted by law, within ninety (90) days thereafter, or (b) dissolution of the Partnership upon an event constituting an Event of Withdrawal as defined in Section 11.1(a)(iv), (v) or (vi), then, to the maximum extent permitted by law, within one hundred eighty (180) days thereafter, the holders of a Unit Majority may elect to continue the business of the Partnership on the same terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement by appointing as a successor General Partner a Person approved by the holders of a Unit Majority. Unless such an election is made within the applicable time period as set forth above, the Partnership shall conduct only activities necessary to wind up its affairs. If such an election is so made, then:

(i) the Partnership shall continue without dissolution unless earlier dissolved in accordance with this Article XII; and

(ii) the successor General Partner shall be admitted to the Partnership as General Partner, effective as of the Event of Withdrawal, by agreeing in writing to be bound by this Agreement; provided, that the right of the 

72

holders of a Unit Majority to approve a successor General Partner and to continue the business of the Partnership shall not exist and may not be exercised unless the Partnership has received an Opinion of Counsel that (x) the exercise of the right would not result in the loss of limited liability of any Limited Partner under the Delaware Act and (y) neither the Partnership nor any Group Member would be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise be taxable as an entity for federal income tax purposes upon the exercise of the right to continue (to the extent not already so treated or taxed).

Section 12.3 Liquidator. Upon dissolution of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions of Article XII, the General Partner shall select one or more Persons to act as Liquidator. The Liquidator (if other than the General Partner) shall be entitled to receive such compensation for its services as may be approved by holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units. The Liquidator (if other than the General Partner) shall agree not to resign at any time without fifteen (15) days prior notice and may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by notice of removal approved by holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units. Upon dissolution, removal or resignation of the Liquidator, a successor and substitute Liquidator (who shall have and succeed to all rights, powers and duties of the original Liquidator) shall within thirty (30) days thereafter be approved by holders of at least a majority of the Outstanding Common Units. The right to approve a successor or substitute Liquidator in the manner provided herein shall be deemed to refer also to any such successor or substitute Liquidator approved in the manner herein provided. Except as expressly provided in this Article XII, the Liquidator approved in the manner provided herein shall have and may exercise, without further authorization or consent of any of the parties hereto, all of the powers conferred upon the General Partner under the terms of this Agreement (but subject to all of the applicable limitations, contractual and otherwise, upon the exercise of such powers, other than the limitation on sale set forth in Section 7.3) necessary or appropriate to carry out the duties and functions of the Liquidator hereunder for and during the period of time required to complete the winding up and liquidation of the Partnership as provided for herein.

Section 12.4 Liquidation. The Liquidator shall proceed to dispose of the assets of the Partnership, discharge its liabilities, and otherwise wind up its affairs in such manner and over such period as determined by the Liquidator, subject to Section 17-804 of the Delaware Act and the following:

(a) The assets may be disposed of by public or private sale or by distribution in kind to one or more Partners on such terms as the Liquidator and such Partner or Partners may agree. If any property is distributed in kind, the Partner receiving the property shall be deemed for purposes of Section 12.4(c) to have received cash equal to its Net Agreed Value; and contemporaneously therewith, appropriate cash distributions must be made to the other Partners. The Liquidator may defer liquidation or distribution of the Partnerships assets for a reasonable time if it determines that an immediate sale or distribution of all or some of the Partnerships assets would be impractical or would cause undue loss to the Partners. The Liquidator may distribute the Partnerships assets, in whole or in part, in kind if it determines that a sale would be impractical or would cause undue loss to the Partners.

73

(b) Liabilities of the Partnership include amounts owed to the Liquidator as compensation for serving in such capacity (subject to the terms of Section 12.3) and amounts to Partners otherwise than in respect of their distribution rights under Article VI. With respect to any liability that is contingent, conditional or unmatured or is otherwise not yet due and payable, the Liquidator shall either settle such claim for such amount as it thinks appropriate or establish a reserve of cash or other assets to provide for its payment. When paid, any unused portion of the reserve shall be distributed as additional liquidation proceeds.

(c) All property and all cash in excess of that required to discharge liabilities as provided in Section 12.4(b) shall be distributed to the Partners in the following order:

(i) First, to the Series A Preferred Unitholders in amounts equal to the amount of distributions that would be paid under Section 12.4 of the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement with respect to the corresponding Series A Preferred Units held pursuant to the XPLR Partners Partnership Agreement if such partnership were liquidated; and 

(ii) Second, to the holders of the Common Units, Non-Voting Common Units, and Class P Units in proportion to their positive Capital Account balances.

Section 12.5 Cancellation of Certificate of Limited Partnership. Upon the completion of the distribution of Partnership cash and property as provided in Section 12.4 in connection with the liquidation of the Partnership, the Certificate of Limited Partnership and all qualifications of the Partnership as a foreign limited partnership in jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware shall be canceled and such other actions as may be necessary to terminate the Partnership shall be taken.

Section 12.6 Return of Contributions. The General Partner shall not be personally liable for, and shall have no obligation to contribute or loan any monies or property to the Partnership to enable it to effectuate, the return of the Capital Contributions of the Limited Partners or Unitholders, or any portion thereof, it being expressly understood that any such return shall be made solely from assets of the Partnership.

Section 12.7 Waiver of Partition. To the maximum extent permitted by law, each Partner hereby waives any right to partition of the Partnership property.

Section 12.8 Capital Account Restoration. No Limited Partner shall have any obligation to restore any negative balance in its Capital Account upon liquidation of the Partnership. The General Partner shall be obligated to restore any negative balance in its Capital Account upon liquidation of its interest in the Partnership by the end of the taxable year of the Partnership during which such liquidation occurs, or, if later, within ninety (90) days after the date of such liquidation.

74

ARTICLE XIII

AMENDMENT OF PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT; MEETINGS; RECORD DATE

Section 13.1 Amendments to be Adopted Solely by the XPLR Partners General Partner.

(a) Each Partner agrees that the XPLR Partners General Partner, without the approval of any Partner, may amend any provision of this Agreement and execute, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file and record whatever documents may be required in connection therewith, to reflect:

(i) a change in the name of the Partnership, the location of the principal office of the Partnership, the registered agent of the Partnership or the registered office of the Partnership;

(ii) admission, substitution, withdrawal or removal of Partners in accordance with this Agreement;

(iii) a change that the XPLR Partners General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate to qualify or continue the qualification of the Partnership as a limited partnership or a partnership in which the Limited Partners have limited liability under the laws of any state or to ensure that the Group Members (other than the Partnership) will not be treated as associations taxable as corporations or otherwise taxed as entities for federal income tax purposes;

(iv) a change that the XPLR Partners General Partner determines (A) does not adversely affect the Limited Partners considered as a whole or any particular class of Partnership Interests as compared to other classes of Partnership Interests in any material respect, (B) to be necessary or appropriate to satisfy any requirements, conditions or guidelines contained in any opinion, directive, order, ruling or regulation of any federal or state agency or judicial authority or contained in any federal or state statute (including the Delaware Act) or (C) is required to effect the intent of the provisions of this Agreement or is otherwise contemplated by this Agreement;

(v) a change in the fiscal year or taxable year of the Partnership and any other changes that the XPLR Partners General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate as a result of a change in the fiscal year or taxable year of the Partnership including a change in the definition of Quarter and the dates on which distributions are to be made by the Partnership;

(vi) an amendment that is necessary, in the Opinion of Counsel, to prevent the Partnership, or the XPLR Partners General Partner or the General Partner or its directors, officers, trustees or agents from in any manner 

75

being subjected to the provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or plan asset regulations adopted under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, regardless of whether such are substantially similar to plan asset regulations currently applied or proposed by the United States Department of Labor;

(vii) an amendment that the XPLR Partners General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate in connection with the authorization or issuance of any class or series of Partnership Interests pursuant to Section 5.4;

(viii) any amendment expressly permitted in this Agreement to be made by the XPLR Partners General Partner acting alone;

(ix) an amendment effected, necessitated or contemplated by a Merger Agreement approved in accordance with Section 14.3;

(x) an amendment that the XPLR Partners General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate to reflect and account for the formation by the Partnership of, or investment by the Partnership in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, in connection with the conduct by the Partnership of activities permitted by the terms of Section 2.4;

(xi) a merger, conveyance or conversion pursuant to Section 14.3(c); or

(xii) any other amendments substantially similar to the foregoing.

(b) Each Partner agrees that the XPLR Partners General Partner, without the approval of any other Partner, may amend any provision of this Agreement and execute, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file and record whatever documents may be required in connection therewith, in connection with such changes to the ownership structure of the Common Units held by the General Partner or its Affiliates as determined by the XPLR Partners General Partner to be required to avoid adverse tax consequences resulting from changes to tax laws, so long as such amendment is not materially adverse to the Partnership or any class of Unitholders. 

(c) Each Partner agrees that the XPLR Partners General Partner, without the approval of any other Partner, may amend any provision of this Agreement in such manner as the Board of Directors determines to be necessary or appropriate to prevent the consolidation of the Partnership Groups financial results with those of NEE and its Subsidiaries (other than XPLR Partners and its Subsidiaries) under U.S. GAAP, so long as such amendment is not materially adverse to the Partnership or any class of Unitholders. 

76

Section 13.2 Amendment Procedures. Amendments to this Agreement may be proposed only by the XPLR Partners General Partner. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the XPLR Partners General Partner shall have no duty or obligation to propose or approve any amendment to this Agreement and may decline to do so free of any duty or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership, any Limited Partner or any other Person bound by this Agreement, and, in declining to propose or approve an amendment to this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law shall not be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any Group Member Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity, and the XPLR Partners General Partner in determining whether to propose or approve any amendment to this Agreement shall be permitted to do so in its sole and absolute discretion. An amendment to this Agreement shall be effective upon its approval by the XPLR Partners General Partner and, except as otherwise provided by Section 13.1 or Section 13.3, the holders of a Unit Majority, unless a greater or different percentage of Outstanding Units is required under this Agreement. Each proposed amendment that requires the approval of the holders of a specified percentage of Outstanding Units shall be set forth in a writing that contains the text of the proposed amendment. If such an amendment is proposed, the General Partner shall seek the written approval of the requisite percentage of Outstanding Units or call a meeting of the Unitholders to consider and vote on such proposed amendment. The General Partner shall notify all Record Holders upon final adoption of any amendments. The General Partner shall be deemed to have notified all Record Holders as required by this Section 13.2 if it has posted or made accessible such amendment through the Partnerships or the Commissions website.

Section 13.3 Amendment Requirements.

(a) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 13.1 and Section 13.2, no provision of this Agreement that establishes a percentage of Outstanding Units (including Units deemed owned by the General Partner) required to take any action shall be amended, altered, changed, repealed or rescinded in any respect that would have the effect of (i) in the case of any provision of this Agreement other than Section 11.2 or Section 13.4, reducing such percentage or (ii) in the case of Section 11.2 or Section 13.4, increasing such percentages, unless such amendment is approved by the written consent or the affirmative vote of holders of Outstanding Units (excluding the Non-Voting Units) whose aggregate Outstanding Units (excluding the Non-Voting Units) constitute (x) in the case of a reduction as described in subclause (a)(i) hereof, not less than the voting requirement sought to be reduced, (y) in the case of an increase in the percentage in Section 11.2, not less than 90% of the Outstanding Units (excluding the Non-Voting Units), or (z) in the case of an increase in the percentage in Section 13.4, not less than a majority of the Outstanding Units (excluding the Non-Voting Units).

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 13.1 and Section 13.2, no amendment to this Agreement may (i) enlarge the obligations of any Limited Partner without its consent, unless such shall be deemed to have occurred as a result of an amendment approved pursuant to Section 13.3(c) or (ii) enlarge the obligations of, restrict in any way any action by or rights of, or reduce in any way the amounts distributable, reimbursable or otherwise payable to, 

77

the General Partner or any of its Affiliates without its consent, which consent may be given or withheld at its option.

(c) Except as provided in Section 14.3, and without limitation of the XPLR Partners General Partners authority to adopt amendments to this Agreement without the approval of any Partners as contemplated in Section 13.1, any amendment that would have a material adverse effect on the rights or preferences of any class of Partnership Interests in relation to other classes of Partnership Interests must be approved by the holders of not less than a majority of the Outstanding Partnership Interests of the class affected.

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, except for amendments pursuant to Section 13.1 and except as otherwise provided by Section 14.3(b), no amendments shall become effective without the approval of the holders of at least 90% of the Outstanding Units voting as a single class unless the Partnership obtains an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such amendment will not affect the limited liability of any Limited Partner under applicable partnership law of the state under whose laws the Partnership is organized.

(e) Except as provided in Section 13.1, this Section 13.3 shall only be amended with the approval of the holders of at least 90% of the Outstanding Units.

(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Partnership may not amend, supplement or waive any provisions of Article XV and Article XVI in any respect except pursuant to the requirements set forth in Section 15.3 and Section 16.3, respectively.

(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Section 5.11, Section 6.1(a), Section 6.4, Section 12.4(c) and the Series A Definitions may not be amended or modified in any way except pursuant to the requirements set forth in Section 5.11(c).

Section 13.4 Special Meetings. All acts of Limited Partners to be taken pursuant to this Agreement shall be taken in the manner provided in this Article XIII. Special meetings of the Limited Partners may be called by the General Partner. Within a reasonable amount of time after receipt of such a call from Limited Partners, the General Partner shall send a notice of the meeting to the Limited Partners either directly or indirectly. A meeting shall be held at a time and place determined by the General Partner on a date not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days after the time notice of the meeting is given as provided in Section 15.1. Limited Partners shall not be permitted to vote on matters that would cause the Limited Partners to be deemed to be taking part in the management and control of the business and affairs of the Partnership so as to jeopardize the Limited Partners limited liability under the Delaware Act or the law of any other state in which the Partnership is qualified to do business. If any such vote were to take place, it shall be deemed null and void to the extent necessary so as not to jeopardize the Limited Partners limited liability under the Delaware Act or the law of any other state in which the Partnership is qualified to do business.

Section 13.5 Notice of a Meeting. Notice of a meeting called pursuant to Section 13.4 shall be given to the Record Holders of the class or classes of Units for which a 

78

meeting is proposed in writing by mail or other means of written communication in accordance with Section 18.1.

Section 13.6 Record Date. For purposes of determining the Limited Partners who are Record Holders of the class or classes of Limited Partner Interests entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the Limited Partners or to give approvals without a meeting as provided in Section 13.11, the General Partner shall set a Record Date, which shall not be less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before (a) the date of the meeting or (b) in the event that approvals are sought without a meeting, the date by which such Limited Partners are requested in writing by the General Partner to give such approvals.

Section 13.7 Postponement and Adjournment. Prior to the date upon which any meeting of Limited Partners is to be held, the General Partner may postpone such meeting one or more times for any reason by giving notice to each Limited Partner entitled to vote at the meeting so postponed of the place, date and hour at which such meeting would be held. Such notice shall be given not fewer than two (2) days before the date of such meeting and otherwise in accordance with this Article XIII. When a meeting is postponed, a new Record Date need not be fixed. Any meeting of Limited Partners may be adjourned by the General Partner one or more times for any reason and no vote of the Limited Partners shall be required for any adjournment. A meeting of Limited Partners may be adjourned by the General Partner as to one or more proposals regardless of whether action has been taken on other matters. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting and a new Record Date need not be fixed, if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, unless such adjournment shall be for more than forty-five (45) days. At the adjourned meeting, the Partnership may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than forty-five (45) days or if a new Record Date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given in accordance with this Article XIII.

Section 13.8 Waiver of Notice; Approval of Meeting. The transactions of any meeting of Limited Partners, however called and noticed, and whenever held, shall be as valid as if it had occurred at a meeting duly held after call and notice in accordance with Sections 13.4 and 13.5, if a quorum is present either in person or by proxy. Attendance of a Limited Partner at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of the meeting, except when the Limited Partner attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened; and except that attendance at a meeting is not a waiver of any right to disapprove of any matters submitted for consideration or to object to the failure to submit for consideration any matters required to be included in the notice of the meeting, but not so included, if such objection is expressly made at the beginning of the meeting.

Section 13.9 Quorum and Voting. The presence, in person or by proxy, of holders of a majority of the Outstanding Units of the class or classes for which a meeting has been called and which are entitled to vote at such meeting (including Outstanding Units deemed owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates) shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of 

79

Limited Partners of such class or classes unless any such action by the Limited Partners requires approval by holders of a greater percentage of such Units, in which case the quorum shall be such greater percentage. At any meeting of the Limited Partners duly called and held in accordance with this Agreement at which a quorum is present, the act of Limited Partners holding Outstanding Units that in the aggregate represent a majority of the Outstanding Units entitled to vote at such meeting shall be deemed to constitute the act of all Limited Partners, unless a different percentage is required with respect to such action under the provisions of this Agreement, in which case the act of the Limited Partners holding Outstanding Units that in the aggregate represent at least such different percentage shall be required. The Limited Partners present at a duly called or held meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the exit of enough Limited Partners to leave less than a quorum, if any action taken (other than adjournment) is approved by the required percentage of Outstanding Units specified in this Agreement.

Section 13.10 Conduct of a Meeting. The General Partner shall have full power and authority concerning the manner of conducting any meeting of the Limited Partners or solicitation of approvals in writing, including the determination of Persons entitled to vote, the existence of a quorum, the satisfaction of the requirements of Section 13.4, the conduct of voting, the validity and effect of any proxies and the determination of any controversies, votes or challenges arising in connection with or during the meeting or voting. The General Partner shall designate a Person to serve as chairman of any meeting and shall further designate a Person to take the minutes of any meeting. All minutes shall be kept with the records of the Partnership maintained by the General Partner. The General Partner may make such other regulations consistent with applicable law and this Agreement as it may deem advisable concerning the conduct of any meeting of the Limited Partners or solicitation of approvals in writing, including regulations in regard to the appointment of proxies, the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes and approvals, the submission and examination of proxies and other evidence of the right to vote, and the submission and revocation of approvals in writing.

Section 13.11 Action Without a Meeting. If authorized by the General Partner, any action that may be taken at a meeting of the Limited Partners may be taken without a meeting if an approval in writing setting forth the action so taken is signed by Limited Partners owning not less than the minimum percentage of the Outstanding Units (including Units deemed owned by the General Partner and its Affiliates) that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all the Limited Partners entitled to vote thereon were present and voted (unless such provision conflicts with any rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any National Securities Exchange on which the Units are listed or admitted to trading, in which case the rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of such National Securities Exchange shall govern); provided, however, that no authorization by the General Partner shall be required for the Class P Limited Partners to take any action by written consent with respect to any matter that requires approval of the Class P Limited Partners (or Class P Majority Approval) pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(xi) or Article XVII. Prompt notice of the taking of action without a meeting shall be given to the Limited Partners entitled to vote on such action who have not approved or consented to such action in writing. The General Partner may specify that any written ballot submitted to Limited Partners for the purpose of 

80

taking any action without a meeting shall be returned to the Partnership within the time period, which shall be not less than twenty (20) days, specified by the General Partner. If a ballot returned to the Partnership does not vote all of the Outstanding Units held by such Limited Partners, the Partnership shall be deemed to have failed to receive a ballot for the Outstanding Units that were not voted. If approval of the taking of any permitted action by the Limited Partners is solicited by any Person other than by or on behalf of the General Partner, the written approvals shall have no force and effect unless and until (a) approvals sufficient to take the action proposed are deposited with the Partnership in care of the General Partner, (b) approvals sufficient to take the action proposed are dated as of a date not more than ninety (90) days prior to the date sufficient approvals are first deposited with the Partnership and (c) an Opinion of Counsel is delivered to the General Partner to the effect that the exercise of such right and the action proposed to be taken with respect to any particular matter (i) will not cause the Limited Partners to be deemed to be taking part in the management and control of the business and affairs of the Partnership so as to jeopardize the Limited Partners limited liability, and (ii) is otherwise permissible under the state statutes then governing the rights, duties and liabilities of the Partnership and the Partners.

Section 13.12 Right to Vote and Related Matters.

(a) Only those Record Holders of the Outstanding Units on the Record Date set pursuant to Section 13.6 (and also subject to the limitations contained in the definition of Outstanding) shall be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, a meeting of Limited Partners or to act with respect to matters as to which the holders of the Outstanding Units have the right to vote or to act. All references in this Agreement to votes of, or other acts that may be taken by, the Outstanding Units shall be deemed to be references to the votes or acts of the Record Holders of such Outstanding Units.

(b) With respect to Units that are held for a Persons account by another Person that is the Record Holder (such as a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation, or an agent of any of the foregoing), such Record Holder shall, in exercising the voting rights in respect of such Units on any matter, and unless the arrangement between such Persons provides otherwise, vote such Units in favor of, and in accordance with the direction of, the Person who is the beneficial owner of such Units, and the Partnership shall be entitled to assume such Record Holder is so acting without further inquiry. The provisions of this Section 13.12(b) (as well as all other provisions of this Agreement) are subject to the provisions of Section 4.3.

ARTICLE XIV

MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR CONVERSION

Section 14.1 Authority. The Partnership may merge or consolidate with or into one or more corporations, limited liability companies, statutory trusts or associations, real estate investment trusts, common law trusts or unincorporated businesses, including a partnership (whether general or limited (including a limited liability partnership)) or convert into any such 

81

entity, whether such entity is formed under the laws of the State of Delaware or any other state of the United States of America, pursuant to a written plan of merger or consolidation (Merger Agreement) or a written plan of conversion (Plan of Conversion), as the case may be, in accordance with this Article XIV.

Section 14.2 Procedure for Merger, Consolidation or Conversion.

(a) Merger, consolidation or conversion of the Partnership pursuant to this Article XIV requires the prior consent of the XPLR Partners General Partner, which consent may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion, and consent of the General Partner; provided, however, that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the General Partner and the XPLR Partners General Partner shall have no duty or obligation to consent to any merger, consolidation or conversion of the Partnership and may decline to do so free of any duty or obligation whatsoever to the Partnership or any Limited Partner and, in declining to consent to a merger, consolidation or conversion, shall not be required to act in good faith or pursuant to any other standard imposed by this Agreement, any other agreement contemplated hereby or under the Delaware Act or any other law, rule or regulation or at equity, and the General Partner and the XPLR Partners General Partner in determining whether to consent to any merger, consolidation or conversion of the Partnership shall be permitted to do so in their sole and absolute discretion.

(b) If the XPLR Partners General Partner and the General Partner shall determine to consent to the merger or consolidation, the General Partner shall approve the Merger Agreement, which shall set forth:

(i) name and state of domicile of each of the business entities proposing to merge or consolidate;

(ii) the name and state of domicile of the business entity that is to survive the proposed merger or consolidation (the Surviving Business Entity);

(iii) the terms and conditions of the proposed merger or consolidation;

(iv) the manner and basis of exchanging or converting the equity securities of each constituent business entity for, or into, cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations of the Surviving Business Entity; and (A) if any general or limited partner interests, securities or rights of any constituent business entity are not to be exchanged or converted solely for, or into, cash, property or general or limited partner interests, rights, securities or obligations of the Surviving Business Entity, the cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations of any general or limited partnership, corporation, trust, limited liability company, unincorporated business or other entity (other than the Surviving Business Entity) which the holders of such general or limited partner interests, securities or rights are to receive in exchange for, or upon conversion of their interests, securities or rights; and (B) in the case 

82

of securities represented by certificates, upon the surrender of such certificates, which cash, property or general or limited partner interests, rights, securities or obligations of the Surviving Business Entity or any general or limited partnership, corporation, trust, limited liability company, unincorporated business or other entity (other than the Surviving Business Entity), or evidences thereof, are to be delivered;

(v) a statement of any changes in the constituent documents or the adoption of new constituent documents (the articles or certificate of incorporation, articles of trust, declaration of trust, certificate or agreement of limited partnership, operating agreement or other similar charter or governing document) of the Surviving Business Entity to be effected by such merger or consolidation;

(vi) the effective time of the merger, which may be the date of the filing of the certificate of merger pursuant to Section 14.4 or a later date specified in or determinable in accordance with the Merger Agreement (provided, that if the effective time of the merger is to be later than the date of the filing of such certificate of merger, the effective time shall be fixed at a date or time certain at or prior to the time of the filing of such certificate of merger and stated therein); and

(vii) such other provisions with respect to the proposed merger or consolidation that the XPLR Partners General Partner and the General Partner determine to be necessary or appropriate.

(c) If the XPLR Partners General Partner and the General Partner shall determine to consent to the conversion, the General Partner shall approve the Plan of Conversion, which shall set forth:

(i) the name of the converting entity and the converted entity; 

(ii) a statement that the Partnership is continuing its existence in the organizational form of the converted entity; 

(iii) a statement as to the type of entity that the converted entity is to be and the state or country under the laws of which the converted entity is to be incorporated, formed or organized; 

(iv) the manner and basis of exchanging or converting the equity securities of each constituent business entity for, or into, cash, property or interests, rights, securities or obligations of the converted entity; 

(v) in an attachment or exhibit, the certificate of limited partnership of the Partnership; 

83

(vi) in an attachment or exhibit, the certificate of limited partnership, articles of incorporation, or other organizational documents of the converted entity; 

(vii) the effective time of the conversion, which may be the date of the filing of the articles of conversion or a later date specified in or determinable in accordance with the Plan of Conversion (provided, that if the effective time of the conversion is to be later than the date of the filing of such articles of conversion, the effective time shall be fixed at a date or time certain at or prior to the time of the filing of such articles of conversion and stated therein); and 

(viii) (viii)such other provisions with respect to the proposed conversion that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate. 

Section 14.3 Approval by Limited Partners. Except as provided in Section 14.3(d), the General Partner, upon approval by the XPLR Partners General Partner and the General Partner of the Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, shall direct that the Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as applicable, be submitted to a vote of Limited Partners, whether at a special meeting or by written consent, in either case in accordance with the requirements of Article XIII. A copy or a summary of the Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, shall be included in or enclosed with the notice of a special meeting or the written consent and, subject to any applicable requirements of Regulation 14A pursuant to the Exchange Act or successor provision, no other disclosure regarding the proposed merger, consolidation or conversion shall be required.

(a) Except as provided in Section 14.3(d) and Section 14.3(e), the Merger Agreement or Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, shall be approved upon receiving the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of a Unit Majority unless the Merger Agreement or Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, effects an amendment to any provision of this Agreement that, if contained in an amendment to this Agreement adopted pursuant to Article XIII, would require for its approval the vote or consent of a greater percentage of the Outstanding Units or of any class of Limited Partners, in which case such greater percentage vote or consent shall be required for approval of the Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as the case may be.

(b) Except as provided in Section 14.3(d) and Section 14.3(e), after such approval by vote or consent of the Limited Partners, and at any time prior to the filing of the certificate of merger or articles of conversion pursuant to Section 14.4, the merger, consolidation or conversion may be abandoned pursuant to provisions therefor, if any, set forth in the Merger Agreement or Plan of Conversion, as the case may be.

(c) Notwithstanding anything else contained in this Article XIV or in this Agreement, the XPLR Partners General Partner and the General Partner are permitted, 

84

without Limited Partner approval, to convert the Partnership or any Group Member into a new limited liability entity, to merge the Partnership or any Group Member into, or convey all of the Partnerships assets to, another limited liability entity that shall be newly formed and shall have no assets, liabilities or operations at the time of such conversion, merger or conveyance other than those it receives from the Partnership or other Group Member if (i) the General Partner has received an Opinion of Counsel that the conversion, merger or conveyance, as the case may be, would not result in the loss of limited liability under the laws of the jurisdiction governing the other limited liability entity (if that jurisdiction is not Delaware) of any Limited Partner as compared to its limited liability under the Delaware Act or cause the Partnership to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise to be taxed as an entity for federal income tax purposes (to the extent not previously treated as such), (ii) the sole purpose of such conversion, merger, or conveyance is to effect a mere change in the legal form of the Partnership into another limited liability entity and (iii) the General Partner determines that the governing instruments of the new entity provide the Limited Partners and the General Partner with substantially the same rights and obligations as are herein contained.

(d) Additionally, notwithstanding anything else contained in this Article XIV or in this Agreement, the XPLR Partners General Partner and the General Partner are permitted, without Limited Partner approval, to merge or consolidate the Partnership with or into another limited liability entity if (i) the General Partner has received an Opinion of Counsel that the merger or consolidation, as the case may be, would not result in the loss of the limited liability of any Limited Partner under the laws of the jurisdiction governing the other limited liability entity (if that jurisdiction is not Delaware) as compared to its limited liability under the Delaware Act or cause the Partnership to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise to be taxed as an entity for federal income tax purposes (to the extent not previously treated as such), (ii) the merger or consolidation would not result in an amendment to this Agreement, other than any amendments that could be adopted pursuant to Section 13.1, (iii) the Partnership is the Surviving Business Entity in such merger or consolidation, (iv) each Unit outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the merger or consolidation is to be an identical Unit of the Partnership after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, and (v) the number of Partnership Interests to be issued by the Partnership in such merger or consolidation does not exceed twenty percent (20%) of the Partnership Interests Outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of such merger or consolidation.

(e) Pursuant to Section 17-211(g) of the Delaware Act, an agreement of merger or consolidation approved in accordance with this Article XIV may (i) effect any amendment to this Agreement or (ii) effect the adoption of a new partnership agreement for the Partnership if it is the Surviving Business Entity. Any such amendment or adoption made pursuant to this Section 14.3 shall be effective at the effective time or date of the merger or consolidation.

Section 14.4 Certificate of Merger or Certificate of Conversion. Upon the required approval by the XPLR Partners General Partner and the General Partner and the Unitholders of a Merger Agreement or the Plan of Conversion, as the case may be, a certificate of merger or certificate of conversion or other filing, as applicable, shall be executed and filed 

85

with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or the appropriate filing office of any other jurisdiction, as applicable, in conformity with the requirements of the Delaware Act or other applicable law.

Section 14.5 Effect of Merger, Consolidation or Conversion.

(a) At the effective time of the merger:

(i) all of the rights, privileges and powers of each of the business entities that has merged or consolidated, and all property, real, personal and mixed, and all debts due to any of those business entities and all other things and causes of action belonging to each of those business entities, shall be vested in the Surviving Business Entity and after the merger or consolidation shall be the property of the Surviving Business Entity to the extent they were of each constituent business entity;

(ii) the title to any real property vested by deed or otherwise in any of those constituent business entities shall not revert and is not in any way impaired because of the merger or consolidation;

(iii) all rights of creditors and all liens on or security interests in property of any of those constituent business entities shall be preserved unimpaired; and

(iv) all debts, liabilities and duties of those constituent business entities shall attach to the Surviving Business Entity and may be enforced against it to the same extent as if the debts, liabilities and duties had been incurred or contracted by it.

(b) At the effective time of the conversion: 

(i) the Partnership shall continue to exist, without interruption, but in the organizational form of the converted entity rather than in its prior organizational form; 

(ii) all rights, title, and interests to all real estate and other property owned by the Partnership shall continue to be owned by the converted entity in its new organizational form without reversion or impairment, without further act or deed, and without any transfer or assignment having occurred, but subject to any existing liens or other encumbrances thereon;

(iii) all liabilities and obligations of the Partnership shall continue to be liabilities and obligations of the converted entity in its new organizational form without impairment or diminution by reason of the conversion;

86

(iv) all rights of creditors or other parties with respect to or against the prior interest holders or other owners of the Partnership in their capacities as such in existence as of the effective time of the conversion will continue in existence as to those liabilities and obligations and may be pursued by such creditors and obligees as if the conversion did not occur;

(v) a proceeding pending by or against the Partnership or by or against any of Partners in their capacities as such may be continued by or against the converted entity in its new organizational form and by or against the prior partners without any need for substitution of parties; and

(vi) the Partnership Interests that are to be converted into partnership interests, shares, evidences of ownership, or other securities in the converted entity as provided in the plan of conversion shall be so converted, and Partners shall be entitled only to the rights provided in the Plan of Conversion.

ARTICLE XV

CLASS B, SERIES 1 LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS

Section 15.1 Coordination with Other Articles.

(a) Except as otherwise set forth in this Article XV, the Class B, Series 1 Limited Partner Interests (the Class B, Series 1 Units) shall have the designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties stated and expressed elsewhere in this Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency with respect to the Class B, Series 1 Units between provisions of this Article XV and provisions of other Articles in this Agreement, this Article XV shall govern and control. 

(b) Definitions.

Affiliate in Affiliate of NEE Equity has the meaning given such term in the Contribution Agreement.

Available Distribution Amount for the Class B, Series 1 Units has the meaning given such term in Section 15.2(d).

Class B, Series 1 Limited Partner means a Limited Partner that has been admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner with respect to Class B, Series 1 Units.

Class B, Series 1 Units has the meaning given such term in Section 15.1.

Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Date has the meaning given such term in Section 15.2(h).

87

Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Notice has the meaning given such term in Section 15.2(h).

Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Price means the redemption price (which may be payable in cash or by the transfer of other property, as may be agreed by the Partnership and NEE Equity) for each Class B, Series 1 Unit that may be agreed upon in writing by the Partnership and NEE Equity. 

Contribution Agreement means the Contribution Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2015, by and among Solar Holdings SellCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the Grantee and the Partnership, as amended from time to time.

Grantee means NextEra Energy Partners Solar Acquisitions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

McCoy CA means McCoy CA II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

McCoy Contributed Companies means McCoy Holdings, McCoy Funding and McCoy Project Company.

McCoy Disposition Proceeds has the meaning given such term in Section 15.2(f).

McCoy Funding means McCoy Solar Funding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

McCoy Holdings means McCoy Solar Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

McCoy Holdings Distribution Date has the meaning given such term in Section 15.2(d).

McCoy Interest means the amount of fifty and one one-hundredths percent (50.01%) of the membership interest of McCoy Holdings.

McCoy Project Company means McCoy Solar, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

NEP US Holdings means NextEra Energy US Partners Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

NEP US Holdings Financing Documents means (a) the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of July 1, 2014, between (i) NextEra Canada Partners Holdings, ULC and NextEra Energy US Partners Holdings, LLC, (ii) the Partnership, (iii) the lending institutions party thereto, (iv) Bank of America, N.A. and (v) Bank of America, N.A. (Canada Branch) and (b) the Loan Documents (as defined therein), as the same may be hereafter amended, amended and restated or otherwise modified.

88

Section 15.2 Designations, Preferences, Rights, Powers and Duties.

(a) Designations. The Class B, Series 1 Units shall track ownership of the McCoy Interest. The Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners shall only have rights, powers and duties with respect to the McCoy Interest or obligations of the Partnership relating to the McCoy Interest and shall only have rights to profits or losses associated with the McCoy Interest. The records maintained for the Class B, Series 1 Units shall account for the McCoy Interest separately from the other assets of the Partnership. The debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred, contracted for or otherwise existing with respect to the Class B, Series 1 Units shall be enforceable only against the assets of the Class B, Series 1 Units and not against the assets of the Partnership generally or any other series thereof, or any general partner not associated with such series. None of the debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred, contracted for or otherwise existing with respect to the Partnership generally or any other series thereof shall be enforceable against the assets of the Class B Series 1 Units. Assets associated with the Class B, Series 1 Units may be held directly or indirectly, including in the name of such series, in the name of the Partnership, through a nominee or otherwise. Records maintained for the Class B, Series 1 Units that reasonably identify the assets of the series, including by specific listing, category, type, quantity, computational or allocational formula or procedure (including a percentage or share of any asset or assets) or by any other method where the identity of such assets is objectively determinable, will be deemed to account for the assets associated with such series separately from the other assets of the Partnership, or any other series thereof.

(b) Number of Units. The Class B, Series 1 Units shall be a series consisting of one million (1,000,000) units authorized to be issued.

(c) Capital Contributions. No Class B, Series 1 Limited Partner is required to make any additional Capital Contribution to the Partnership. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners may make additional Capital Contributions to the Partnership in their sole discretion, pro rata in accordance with the percentage of the outstanding Class B, Series 1 Units held by each such Class B, Series 1 Limited Partner. If additional Capital Contributions are made by the Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners, then the proceeds of such Capital Contributions shall be immediately contributed by the Partnership as a capital contribution to NEP US Holdings, and the Partnership agrees to cause (i) NEP US Holdings to immediately contribute such proceeds as a capital contribution to the Grantee, and (ii) the Grantee to immediately contribute such proceeds as a capital contribution to McCoy CA. Each Class B, Series 1 Limited Partner shall receive a credit to its Capital Account in the amount of the additional Capital Contributions that it makes. 

(d) Distributions on the Class B, Series 1 Units. Distributions on the Class B, Series 1 Units (other than as provided in subparagraph (f) of this Section 15.2) shall be made only out of the Available Distribution Amount for the Class B, Series 1 Units (as defined below) as hereinafter provided. The Available Distribution Amount for the Class B, Series 1 Units shall mean, as of any date, an amount equal to (i) the aggregate value of cash or other property that has been distributed (including any distribution of cash or property made in connection with a liquidation of McCoy Holdings) to McCoy CA at any time that any of the 

89

Class B, Series 1 Units are outstanding (the date of any such distribution, a McCoy Holdings Distribution Date) minus (ii) the aggregate amount of all distributions of cash or other property previously made by the Partnership in respect of the Class B, Series 1 Units. The Partnership agrees to cause (A) NEP US Holdings to cause the Grantee to promptly distribute to NEP US Holdings any amount of cash or property distributed by McCoy CA to the Grantee and (B) NEP US Holdings to promptly distribute to the Partnership the amount of cash or property distributed by the Grantee to NEP US Holdings; provided, that NEP US Holdings shall not be obligated to make such distribution to the Partnership unless and until it is permitted to do so under the terms and provisions of any NEP US Holdings Financing Documents. Distributions of all of the Available Distribution Amount for the Class B, Series 1 Units shall be made by the General Partner to the Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners promptly following the date on which a distribution is received by the Partnership in accordance with clause (B) of the immediately preceding sentence. Such distributions shall be made pro rata among all of the Class B, Series 1 Units outstanding as of the date such distributions are made.

The distributions on the Class B, Series 1 Units pursuant to this Article XV shall be separate from any distributions of Available Cash to the Partners set forth elsewhere in this Agreement. Further, the Available Distribution Amount for the Class B, Series 1 Units shall be calculated separately from the calculations of Available Cash, Operating Surplus, Capital Surplus and Minimum Quarterly Distribution pursuant to this Agreement.

(e) Allocations for Capital Account and Tax Purposes. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, Net Income and Net Loss attributable to the McCoy Interest (and all items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit taken into account in computing Net Income and Net Loss attributable to the McCoy Interest), including Net Income and Net Loss attributable to the McCoy Interest in connection with a liquidation of the Partnership and Net Income and Net Loss attributable to the McCoy Interest for federal income tax purposes, shall be allocated 100% to the Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners based on the relative percentage ownership of the Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners in the Class B, Series 1 Units. 

(f) Preferences on Liquidation. In the event of a liquidation of the Partnership, the Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners shall be entitled to receive as a preferential distribution any and all proceeds received by NEP US Holdings (i) on the sale or other disposition of any of the equity interests of, or assets owned by, the Grantee, McCoy CA, McCoy Holdings or any other direct or indirect Subsidiary of NEP US Holdings that owns, directly or indirectly, equity interests in any of the McCoy Contributed Companies or (ii) on the sale or other disposition, directly or indirectly, of the McCoy Interest or any of the equity interests of, or assets owned by, any or all of the McCoy Contributed Companies (the McCoy Disposition Proceeds). To the full extent permitted by applicable law, no reduction in the McCoy Disposition Proceeds shall be made in order to pay any other liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of the Partnership, which liabilities shall be paid, or provision for payment made, from the assets and properties of the Partnership other than the McCoy Disposition Proceeds. The liquidator for the Partnership shall cause NEP US Holdings, which shall in turn cause the Grantee, which shall in turn cause McCoy CA, to sell or otherwise dispose of the McCoy Interest or McCoy CAs interest in any of the McCoy Contributed Companies and their respective assets 

90

and properties as directed by the Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners holding a majority of the Class B, Series 1 Units then outstanding and to cause the distribution of any and all McCoy Disposition Proceeds to occur in the same manner as the distribution of cash or property resulting from distributions paid by McCoy CA, the Grantee and NEP US Holdings as provided in subparagraph (d) of this Section 15.2.

(g) Voting Rights. On all matters on which Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners are entitled to vote pursuant to this Article XV or other Articles in this Agreement, each Class B, Series 1 Limited Partner shall be entitled to one vote for each Unit of the Class B, Series 1 Units held by such Class B, Series 1 Limited Partner.

(h) Redemption.

(i) Redemption Following a Redemption Notice. Upon receipt by the Partnership of a written request from one or more Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners, which written request shall designate the number of Class B, Series 1 Units to be redeemed and shall be accompanied by a fully executed copy of a written agreement of the Partnership and NEE Equity setting forth the Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Price (a Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Notice), on the date that is five (5) Business Days following the Partnerships receipt of the Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Notice or on such other later date designated in the Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Notice (the Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Date), the Partnership shall be required to redeem all of the outstanding Class B, Series 1 Units requested to be redeemed by such Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners at a price per Unit equal to the Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Price. The Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Price shall be paid on the Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Date in United States Dollars by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated by the applicable Class B, Series 1 Limited Partner(s) to the Partnership in writing or by the delivery of any other property to be delivered in connection with such redemption, as the case may be, in each case to each Class B, Series 1 Limited Partner whose Class B, Series 1 Units are being redeemed. 

(ii) Redemption Procedures. 

(A) In the case of a redemption pursuant to Section 15.2(h)(i) hereof, each Class B, Series 1 Limited Partner whose Class B, Series 1 Units are being redeemed shall deliver at the principal office of the Partnership an instrument of transfer of the Class B, Series 1 Units to be redeemed, in form and substance reasonable satisfactory to the Partnership. Upon receipt of such instrument of transfer, the Partnership shall remit or transfer the Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Price to each Class B, Series 1 Limited Partner whose Class B, Series 1 Units are being redeemed.

91

(B) Rights after the Redemption Date. From and after the close of business on the Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a default in the payment of the Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Price, all rights of the Class B, Series 1 Limited Partner whose Class B, Series 1 Units are being redeemed (except the right to receive the Class B, Series 1 Units Redemption Price) shall cease with respect to such Units, and thereafter such Units shall not be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever.

(C) Cancellation of Redeemed Units. Any Units of Class B, Series 1 Units that shall at any time have been redeemed shall, after such redemption, be canceled by the Partnership and shall not be available for reissuance.

(i) Protection Provisions. So long as any Unit of the Class B, Series 1 Units is outstanding, the Partnership shall not, and shall not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, without the prior approval of the Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners holding at least a majority of the Units of Class B, Series 1 Units then outstanding, issue or sell (x) any additional Class B, Series 1 Units, or any other interests in or rights to (including economic rights based on or with respect to) the McCoy Contributed Companies or (y) any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for any of the foregoing.

(j) Transfers of the Class B, Series 1 Units. The Class B, Series 1 Units shall be non-transferable, except that such Class B, Series 1 Units shall be transferable to any Affiliate of NEE Equity, subject to the limitations, terms and conditions on transfers of Units set forth elsewhere in this Agreement.

(k) No Certificates. Ownership of the Class B, Series 1 Units shall be recorded in the Register and ownership of such interests and any transfer thereof shall be evidenced by a book entry notation in the Register. Class B, Series 1 Units shall not be evidenced by physical certificates.

(l) Status under the Uniform Commercial Code. The Class B, Series 1 Units shall be deemed to be securities governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in Delaware.

Section 15.3 Amendment, Supplement and Waiver.

(a) The Partnership may not amend, supplement or waive any provisions of this Article XV in any respect except by a written instrument executed by the General Partner and the Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners holding one hundred percent (100%) of the Class B, Series 1 Units then outstanding. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Partnership is entitled to amend the Agreement pursuant to other Articles in this Agreement, including to authorize one or more additional series of Units, provided that no such amendment shall adversely affect the 

92

designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties of the Class B, Series 1 Units or the Class B, Series 1 Limited Partners as granted pursuant to this Article XV. 

Section 15.4 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as specified in Section 18.7, the terms and provisions of this Article XV are intended solely for the benefit of the Partners and their respective successors or permitted assigns, and it is not the intention of the General Partner to confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other Person by reason of this Article XV.

ARTICLE XVI

CLASS B, SERIES 2 LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS

Section 16.1 Coordination with Other Articles.

(a) Except as otherwise set forth in this Article XVI, the Class B, Series 2 Limited Partner Interests (the Class B, Series 2 Units) shall have the designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties stated and expressed elsewhere in this Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency with respect to the Class B, Series 2 Units between provisions of this Article XVI and provisions of other Articles in this Agreement, this Article XVI shall govern and control.

(b) Definitions.

Adelanto CA means Adelanto CA II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Adelanto Contributed Companies means Adelanto Solar Funding, Adelanto Solar Holdings and the Adelanto Project Companies.

Adelanto Disposition Proceeds has the meaning given such term in Section 16.2(f).

Adelanto Interest means the amount of fifty and one one-hundredths percent (50.01%) of the membership interest of Adelanto Solar Funding.

Adelanto Project Companies means Adelanto Solar, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Adelanto Solar II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, individually and collectively.

Adelanto Solar Funding means Adelanto Solar Funding, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Adelanto Solar Funding Distribution Date has the meaning given such term in Section 16.2(d).

Adelanto Solar Holdings means Adelanto Solar Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

93

Available Distribution Amount for the Class B, Series 2 Units has the meaning given such term in Section 16.2(d).

Affiliate in Affiliate of NEE Equity has the meaning given such term in the Contribution Agreement.

Class B, Series 2 Limited Partner means a Limited Partner that has been admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner with respect to Class B, Series 2 Units.

Class B, Series 2 Units has the meaning given such term in Section 16.1.

Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Date has the meaning given such term in Section 16.2(h).

Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Notice has the meaning given such term in Section 16.2(h).

Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Price shall be the redemption price (which may be payable in cash or by the transfer of other property, as may be agreed by the Partnership and NEE Equity) for each Class B, Series 2 Unit that may be agreed upon in writing by the Partnership and NEE Equity.

Contribution Agreement means the Contribution Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2015, by and among Solar Holdings SellCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the Grantee and the Partnership, as amended from time to time.

Grantee means NextEra Energy Partners Solar Acquisitions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

NEP US Holdings means NextEra Energy US Partners Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

NEP US Holdings Financing Documents means (a) the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of July 1, 2014, between (i) NextEra Canada Partners Holdings, ULC and NextEra Energy US Partners Holdings, LLC, (ii) the Partnership, (iii) the lending institutions party thereto, (iv) Bank of America, N.A. and (v) Bank of America, N.A. (Canada Branch) and (b) the Loan Documents (as defined therein), as the same may be hereafter amended, amended and restated or otherwise modified.

Section 16.2 Designations, Preferences, Rights, Powers and Duties.

(a) Designations. The Class B, Series 2 Units shall track ownership of the Adelanto Interest. The Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners shall only have rights, powers and duties with respect to the Adelanto Interest or obligations of the Partnership relating to the Adelanto Interest and shall only have rights to profits or losses associated with the Adelanto Interest. The records maintained for the Class B, Series 2 Units shall account for the Adelanto 

94

Interest separately from the other assets of the Partnership. The debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred, contracted for or otherwise existing with respect to the Class B, Series 2 Units shall be enforceable only against the assets of the Class B, Series 2 Units and not against the assets of the Partnership generally or any other series thereof, or any general partner not associated with such series. None of the debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred, contracted for or otherwise existing with respect to the Partnership generally or any other series thereof shall be enforceable against the assets of the Class B Series 2 Units. Assets associated with the Class B, Series 2 Units may be held directly or indirectly, including in the name of such series, in the name of the Partnership, through a nominee or otherwise. Records maintained for the Class B, Series 2 Units that reasonably identify the assets of the series, including by specific listing, category, type, quantity, computational or allocational formula or procedure (including a percentage or share of any asset or assets) or by any other method where the identity of such assets is objectively determinable, will be deemed to account for the assets associated with such series separately from the other assets of the Partnership, or any other series thereof.

(b) Number of Units. The Class B, Series 2 Units shall be a series consisting of one million (1,000,000) units authorized to be issued.

(c) Capital Contributions. No Class B, Series 2 Limited Partner is required to make any additional Capital Contribution to the Partnership. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners may make additional Capital Contributions to the Partnership in their sole discretion, pro rata in accordance with the percentage of the outstanding Class B, Series 2 Units held by each such Class B, Series 2 Limited Partner. If additional Capital Contributions are made by the Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners, then the proceeds of such Capital Contributions shall be immediately contributed by the Partnership as a capital contribution to NEP US Holdings and the Partnership agrees to cause (i) NEP US Holdings to immediately contribute such proceeds as a capital contribution to the Grantee, and (ii) the Grantee to immediately contribute such proceeds as a capital contribution to Adelanto CA. Each Class B, Series 2 Limited Partner shall receive a credit to its respective Capital Account in the amount of the additional Capital Contributions that it makes.

(d) Distributions on the Class B, Series 2 Units. Distributions on the Class B, Series 2 Units (other than as provided in subparagraph (f) of this Section 16.2) shall be made only out of the Available Distribution Amount for the Class B, Series 2 Units (as defined below) as hereinafter provided. The Available Distribution Amount for the Class B, Series 2 Units shall mean, as of any date, an amount equal to (i) the aggregate value of cash or other property that has been distributed (including any distribution of cash or property made in connection with a liquidation of Adelanto Solar Funding) to Adelanto CA at any time that any of the Class B, Series 2 Units are outstanding (the date of any such distribution, an Adelanto Solar Funding Distribution Date) minus (ii) the aggregate amount of all distributions of cash or other property previously made by the Partnership in respect of the Class B, Series 2 Units. The Partnership agrees to cause (A) NEP US Holdings to cause the Grantee to promptly distribute to NEP US Holdings any amount of cash or property distributed by Adelanto CA to the Grantee and (B) NEP US Holdings to promptly distribute to the Partnership the amount of cash or property distributed by the Grantee to NEP US Holdings; provided, that NEP US Holdings shall 

95

not be obligated to make such distribution to the Partnership unless and until it is permitted to do so under the terms and provisions of any NEP US Holdings Financing Documents. Distributions of all of the Available Distribution Amount for the Class B, Series 2 Units shall be made by the General Partner to the Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners promptly following the date on which a distribution is received by the Partnership in accordance with clause (B) of the immediately preceding sentence. Such distributions shall be made pro rata among all of the Class B, Series 2 Units outstanding as of the date such distributions are made.

The distributions on the Class B, Series 2 Units pursuant to this Article XVI shall be separate from any distributions of Available Cash to the Partners set forth elsewhere in this Agreement. Further, the Available Distribution Amount for the Class B, Series 2 Units shall be calculated separately from the calculations of Available Cash, Operating Surplus, Capital Surplus and Minimum Quarterly Distribution pursuant to this Agreement. 

(e) Allocations for Capital Account and Tax Purposes. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, Net Income and Net Loss attributable to the Adelanto Interest (and all items of income, gain, loss, deduction, and credit taken into account in computing Net Income and Net Loss attributable to the Adelanto Interest), including Net Income and Net Loss attributable to the Adelanto Interest in connection with a liquidation of the Partnership and Net Income and Net Loss attributable to the Adelanto Interest for federal income tax purposes, shall be allocated 100% to the Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners based on the relative percentage ownership of the Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners in the Class B, Series 2 Units.

(f) Preferences on Liquidation. In the event of a liquidation of the Partnership, the Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners shall be entitled to receive as a preferential distribution any and all proceeds received by NEP US Holdings (i) on the sale or other disposition of any of the equity interests of, or assets owned by, the Grantee, Adelanto CA, Adelanto Solar Funding or any other direct or indirect Subsidiary of NEP US Holdings that owns, directly or indirectly, equity interests in any of the Adelanto Contributed Companies or (ii) on the sale or other disposition, directly or indirectly, of the Adelanto Interest or any of the equity interests of, or assets owned by, any or all of the Adelanto Contributed Companies (the Adelanto Disposition Proceeds). To the full extent permitted by applicable law, no reduction in the Adelanto Disposition Proceeds shall be made in order to pay any other liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of the Partnership, which liabilities shall be paid, or provision for payment made, from the assets and properties of the Partnership other than the Adelanto Disposition Proceeds. The liquidator for the Partnership shall cause NEP US Holdings, which shall in turn cause the Grantee, which shall in turn cause Adelanto CA, to sell or otherwise dispose of the Adelanto Interest or Adelanto CAs interest in any of the Adelanto Contributed Companies and their respective assets and properties as directed by the Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners holding a majority of the Class B, Series 2 Units then outstanding and to cause the distribution of any and all Adelanto Disposition Proceeds to occur in the same manner as the distribution of cash or property resulting from distributions paid by Adelanto CA, the Grantee and NEP US Holdings as provided in subparagraph (d) of this Section 16.2.

96

(g) Voting Rights. On all matters on which Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners are entitled to vote pursuant to this Article XVI or other Articles in this Agreement, each Class B, Series 2 Limited Partner shall be entitled to one vote for each Unit of the Class B, Series 2 Units held by such Class B, Series 2 Limited Partner.

(h) Redemption.

(i) Redemption Following a Redemption Notice. Upon receipt by the Partnership of a written request from one or more Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners, which written request shall designate the number of Class B, Series 2 Units to be redeemed and shall be accompanied by a fully executed copy of a written agreement of the Partnership and NEE Equity setting forth the Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Price (a Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Notice), on the date that is five (5) Business Days following the Partnerships receipt of the Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Notice or on such other later date designated in the Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Notice (the Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Date), the Partnership shall be required to redeem all of the outstanding Class B, Series 2 Units requested to be redeemed by such Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners at a price per Unit equal to the Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Price. The Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Price shall be paid on the Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Date in United States Dollars by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated by the applicable Class B, Series 2 Limited Partner(s) to the Partnership in writing or by the delivery of any other property to be delivered in connection with such redemption, as the case may be, in each case to each Class B, Series 2 Limited Partner whose Class B, Series 2 Units are being redeemed.

(ii) Redemption Procedures. 

(A) In the case of a redemption pursuant to Section 16.2(h)(i) hereof, each Class B, Series 2 Limited Partner whose Class B, Series 2 Units are being redeemed shall deliver at the principal office of the Partnership an instrument of transfer of the Class B, Series 2 Units to be redeemed, in form and substance reasonable satisfactory to the Partnership. Upon receipt of such instrument of transfer, the Partnership shall remit or transfer the Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Price to each Class B, Series 2 Limited Partner whose Class B, Series 2 Units are being redeemed. 

(B) Rights after the Redemption Date. From and after the close of business on the Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Date, unless there shall have been a default in the payment of the Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Price, all rights of the Class B, Series 2 Limited Partner whose Class B, Series 2 Units are being redeemed (except the right to receive the Class B, Series 2 Units Redemption Price) shall cease with respect to such Units, 

97

and thereafter such Units shall not be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever. 

(C) Cancellation of Redeemed Units. Any Units of Class B, Series 2 Units that shall at any time have been redeemed shall, after such redemption, be canceled by the Partnership and shall not be available for reissuance. 

(i) Protection Provisions. So long as any Unit of the Class B, Series 2 Units is outstanding, the Partnership shall not, and shall not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, without the prior approval of the Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners holding at least a majority of the Units of Class B, Series 2 Units then outstanding, issue or sell (x) any additional Class B, Series 2 Units, or any other interests in or rights to (including economic rights based on or with respect to) the Adelanto Contributed Companies or (y) any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for any of the foregoing.

(j) Transfers of the Class B, Series 2 Units. The Class B, Series 2 Units shall be non-transferable, except that such Class B, Series 2 Units shall be transferable to any Affiliate of NEE Equity, subject to the limitations, terms and conditions on transfers of Units set forth elsewhere in this Agreement.

(k) No Certificates. Ownership of the Class B, Series 2 Units shall be recorded in the Register and ownership of such interests and any transfer thereof shall be evidenced by a book entry notation in the Register. Class B, Series 2 Units shall not be evidenced by physical certificates.

(l) Status under the Uniform Commercial Code. The Class B, Series 2 Units shall be deemed to be securities governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in Delaware.

Section 16.3 Amendment, Supplement and Waiver.

(a) The Partnership may not amend, supplement or waive any provisions of this Article XVI in any respect except by a written instrument executed by the General Partner and the Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners holding one hundred percent (100%) of the Class B, Series 2 Units then outstanding.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Partnership is entitled to amend the Agreement pursuant to other Articles in this Agreement, including to authorize one or more additional series of Units, provided that no such amendment shall adversely affect the designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties of the Class B, Series 2 Units or the Class B, Series 2 Limited Partners as granted pursuant to this Article XVI.

Section 16.4 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as specified in Section 18.7, the terms and provisions of this Article XVI are intended solely for the benefit of the Partners and their respective successors or permitted assigns, and it is not the intention of the General 

98

Partner to confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other Person by reason of this Article XVI.

ARTICLE XVII

CLASS P LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS

Section 17.1 Coordination with Other Articles.

(a) Except as otherwise set forth in this Article XVII, the Class P Limited Partner Interests (the Class P Units) shall have the designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties stated and expressed elsewhere in this Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency with respect to the Class P Units between provisions of this Article XVII and provisions of other Articles in this Agreement, this Article XVII shall govern and control. 

(b) Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below or set forth in the Sections referred to below:

Class P Limited Partner means a Limited Partner that has been admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner with respect to Class P Units.

Class P Majority Approval means approval by the affirmative vote or written consent of Class P Limited Partners holding at least a majority of the Outstanding Class P Units.

Class P Offset Period has the meaning given such term in Section 6.1(b)(xi).

Class P Transactions has the meaning given such term in Schedule 6.1(b)(xi).

Class P Units has the meaning given such term in Section 17.1.

Section 17.2 Designations, Preferences, Rights, Powers and Duties.

(a) Designations. The Class P Limited Partners may, pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(xi), be allocated, Pro Rata, up to one hundred percent (100%) of the Partnerships (i) items of income or gain (or any portion thereof) (computed in accordance with Section 5.3(b)) attributable to any Class P Transactions and (ii) in any Class P Offset Period, offsetting items of loss or deduction (computed in accordance with Section 5.3(b)), but only, in each case, if approved by Class P Majority Approval.

(b) Number of Units; Initial Issuance. The number of Class P Units that the Partnership is authorized to issue is one million (1,000,000) Class P Units. Unless approved by the General Partner and the affirmative vote or written consent of Class P Limited Partners holding one hundred percent (100%) of the Class P Units then Outstanding, the Partnership shall not be authorized to issue additional Class P Units. As of the Effective Date, NEE Equity is hereby issued one million (1,000,000) Class P Units, which constitute one hundred percent (100%) of the Outstanding Class P Units.

99

(c) Capital Contributions. No Class P Limited Partner shall be required to make any Capital Contribution to the Partnership. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Class P Limited Partners may make Capital Contributions to the Partnership in their sole discretion, Pro Rata. Each Class P Limited Partner shall receive a credit to its Capital Account in the amount of any additional Capital Contributions that it makes.

(d) Distributions on the Class P Units. Holders of Class P Units shall not be entitled to receive any distributions of Available Cash or any other distributions of assets or property of the Partnership with respect to their Class P Units, other than in connection with the liquidation of the Partnership pursuant to Article XII.

(e) No Preference on Liquidation. In the event of a liquidation of the Partnership, the Class P Limited Partners shall not be entitled to receive any preferential distribution or other proceeds with respect to any Class P Transactions or otherwise with respect to the Class P Units, and the sole right of the Class P Limited Partners upon liquidation shall be to receive payment pursuant to Section 12.4.

(f) Voting Rights. Except as provided pursuant to Section 13.3, Section 14.3, Section 17.2(b), Section 17.2(g), and Section 17.3, the Outstanding Class P Units shall have no voting rights on any matter whatsoever under this Agreement, the Delaware Act or otherwise. To the extent Record Holders of Class P Units vote pursuant to Section 13.3, Section 14.3, Section 17.2(b), Section 17.2(g), or Section 17.3, each Outstanding Class P Unit will be entitled to one (1) vote on any matter with respect to which the Record Holders of Class P Units are entitled to vote thereunder.

(g) Protection Provisions. So long as any Class P Unit is Outstanding, unless approved by the affirmative vote or written consent of Class P Limited Partners holding one hundred percent (100%) of the Class P Units then Outstanding, the Partnership shall not, and shall not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, issue or sell (i) any additional Class P Units or (ii) any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for any Class P Units.

(h) Transfers of the Class P Units. The Class P Units shall be non-transferable, except that such Class P Units shall be transferable to any Affiliate of NEE Equity, subject to the limitations, terms and conditions on transfers of Units set forth elsewhere in this Agreement.

(i) No Certificates. Ownership of the Class P Units shall be recorded in the Register, and ownership of such interests and any transfer thereof shall be evidenced by a book entry notation in the Register. Class P Units shall not be evidenced by physical certificates.

(j) Status under the Uniform Commercial Code. The Class P Units shall be deemed to be securities governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in Delaware.

Section 17.3 Amendment, Supplement and Waiver.

100

(a) The Partnership may not amend, supplement or waive any provisions of this Article XVII in any respect except by a written instrument executed by the General Partner and the Class P Limited Partners holding one hundred percent (100%) of the Class P Units then Outstanding. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Partnership is entitled to amend the Agreement pursuant to other Articles in this Agreement, including to authorize one or more additional series of Units, provided that no such amendment shall adversely affect the designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties of the Class P Units or the Class P Limited Partners as granted pursuant to this Article XVII. 

Section 17.4 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as specified in Section 18.7, the terms and provisions of this Article XVII (including Schedule 6.1(b)(xi)) and of Section 6.1(b)(xi) are intended solely for the benefit of the Partners and their respective successors or permitted assigns, and it is not the intention of the General Partner to confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other Person by reason of this Article XVII or Section 6.1(b)(xi).

ARTICLE XVIII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 18.1 Addresses and Notices; Written Communications.

(a) Any notice, demand, request, report or proxy materials required or permitted to be given or made to a Partner under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given or made when delivered in person or when sent by first class United States mail or by other means of written communication to the Partner at the address described below. Except as otherwise provided herein, any notice, payment or report to be given or made to a Partner hereunder shall be deemed conclusively to have been given or made, and the obligation to give such notice or report or to make such payment shall be deemed conclusively to have been fully satisfied, upon sending of such notice, payment or report to the Record Holder of such Partnership Interests at his address as shown in the Register, regardless of any claim of any Person who may have an interest in such Partnership Interests by reason of any assignment or otherwise. An affidavit or certificate of making of any notice, payment or report in accordance with the provisions of this Section 18.1 executed by the General Partner, the Transfer Agent or the mailing organization shall be prima facie evidence of the giving or making of such notice, payment or report. If any notice, payment or report addressed to a Record Holder at the address of such Record Holder appearing in the Register is returned by the United States Postal Service marked to indicate that the United States Postal Service is unable to deliver it, such notice, payment or report and any subsequent notices, payments and reports shall be deemed to have been duly given or made without further mailing (until such time as such Record Holder or another Person notifies the Transfer Agent or the Partnership of a change in his address) if they are available for the Partner at the principal office of the Partnership for a period of one year from the date of the giving or making of such notice, payment or report to the other Partners. 

101

Any notice to the Partnership shall be deemed given if received by the General Partner at the principal office of the Partnership designated pursuant to Section 2.3; provided that when a different notice address is provided herein, such notice shall be deemed given if received at such other address. The General Partner may rely and shall be protected in relying on any notice or other document from a Partner or other Person if believed by it to be genuine.

(b) The terms in writing, written communications, written notice and words of similar import shall be deemed satisfied under this Agreement by use of e-mail and other forms of electronic communication.

Section 18.2 Further Action. The parties shall execute and deliver all documents, provide all information and take or refrain from taking action as may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the purposes of this Agreement. 

Section 18.3 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns.

Section 18.4 Integration. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings pertaining thereto.

Section 18.5 Creditors. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit of, or shall be enforceable by, any creditor of the Partnership.

Section 18.6 Waiver. No failure by any party to insist upon the strict performance of any covenant, duty, agreement or condition of this Agreement or to exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach thereof shall constitute waiver of any such breach of any other covenant, duty, agreement or condition.

Section 18.7 Third-Party Beneficiaries. Each Partner agrees that (a) any Indemnitee shall be entitled to assert rights and remedies hereunder as a third-party beneficiary hereto with respect to those provisions of this Agreement affording a right, benefit or privilege to such Indemnitee and (b) any Unrestricted Person shall be entitled to assert rights and remedies hereunder as a third-party beneficiary hereto with respect to those provisions of this Agreement affording a right, benefit or privilege to such Unrestricted Person.

Section 18.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute an agreement binding on all the parties hereto, notwithstanding that all such parties are not signatories to the original or the same counterpart. Each party shall become bound by this Agreement immediately upon affixing its signature hereto or, in the case of a Person acquiring a Limited Partner Interest, pursuant to Section 10.1(a) or (b) without execution hereof.

Section 18.9 Applicable Law; Forum; Venue and Jurisdiction; Waiver of Trial by Jury.

102

(a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law. 

(b) Each of the Partners and each Person or Group holding any beneficial interest in the Partnership (whether through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation or an agent of any of the foregoing or otherwise): 

(i) irrevocably agrees that any claims, suits, actions or proceedings (A) arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement (including any claims, suits or actions to interpret, apply or enforce the provisions of this Agreement or the duties, obligations or liabilities among Partners or of Partners to the Partnership, or the rights or powers of, or restrictions on, the Partners or the Partnership), (B) brought in a derivative manner on behalf of the Partnership, (C) asserting a claim of breach of a duty (including a fiduciary duty) owed by any director, officer, or other employee of the Partnership or the General Partner, or owed by the General Partner, to the Partnership or the Partners, (D) asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware Act or (E) asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, in each case regardless of whether such claims, suits, actions or proceedings sound in contract, tort, fraud or otherwise, are based on common law, statutory, equitable, legal or other grounds, or are derivative or direct claims; 

(ii) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware in connection with any such claim, suit, action or proceeding;

(iii) agrees not to, and waives any right to, assert in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding that (A) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or of any other court to which proceedings in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware may be appealed, (B) such claim, suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, or (C) the venue of such claim, suit, action or proceeding is improper;

(iv) expressly waives any requirement for the posting of a bond by a party bringing such claim, suit, action or proceeding; and

(v) consents to process being served in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding by mailing, certified mail, return receipt requested, a copy thereof to such party at the address in effect for notices hereunder, and agrees that such services shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof; provided, nothing in clause (v) hereof shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

103

Section 18.10 Invalidity of Provisions. If any provision or part of a provision of this Agreement is or becomes for any reason, invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions and/or parts thereof contained herein shall not be affected thereby and this Agreement shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be reformed and construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision, or part of a provision, had never been contained herein, and such provisions and/or part shall be reformed so that it would be valid, legal and enforceable to the maximum extent possible.

Section 18.11 Consent of Partners. Each Partner hereby expressly consents and agrees that, whenever in this Agreement it is specified that an action may be taken upon the affirmative vote or consent of less than all of the Partners, such action may be so taken upon the concurrence of less than all of the Partners and each Partner shall be bound by the results of such action.

Section 18.12 Facsimile and Email Signatures. The use of facsimile signatures and signatures delivered by email in portable document (.pdf) or similar format affixed in the name and on behalf of the Transfer Agent of the Partnership on certificates representing Common Units or Non-Voting Common Units is expressly permitted by this Agreement.

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.]

104

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 

GENERAL PARTNER

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING

PARTNERS GP, LLC

By: CHRISTOPHER H. ZAJIC

Name: Christopher H. Zajic

Title: Vice President

LIMITED PARTNER

NEXTERA ENERGY EQUITY

PARTNERS LP

By: NEXTERA ENERGY EQUITY

PARTNERS GP, LLC

By: CHRISTOPHER H. ZAJIC

Name: Christopher H. Zajic

Title: Vice President

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP

By: REBECCA J. KUJAWA

Name: Rebecca J. Kujawa

Title: President

The undersigned hereby executes this Agreement for purposes of approving the amendment and restatement of the Fourth Amended and Restated LP Agreement.

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS

GP, INC.

By: REBECCA J. KUJAWA

Name: Rebecca J. Kujawa

Title: President

[Signature Page to Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership]

EXHIBIT A

to the Fifth Amended and Restated

Agreement of Limited Partnership of 

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP 

Certificate Evidencing Common Units 

Representing Limited Partner Interests in 

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP 

No. ____________ Common Units ____________

In accordance with Section 4.1 of the Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP (formerly known as NextEra Energy Operating Partners, LP), as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time (the Partnership Agreement), XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), hereby certifies that ____________ (the Holder) is the registered owner of Common Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the Common Units) transferable on the books of the Partnership, in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed. The rights, preferences and limitations of the Common Units are set forth in, and this Certificate and the Common Units represented hereby are issued and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and provisions of, the Partnership Agreement. Copies of the Partnership Agreement are on file at, and will be furnished without charge on delivery of written request to the Partnership at, the principal office of the Partnership located at 700 Universe Boulevard, Juno Beach, Florida 33408. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings given them in the Partnership Agreement. 

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP (FORMERLY KNOWN AS NEXTERA ENERGY OPERATING PARTNERS, LP) THAT THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IF SUCH TRANSFER (AS DEFINED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT) WOULD (A) VIOLATE THE THEN APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY WITH JURISDICTION OVER SUCH TRANSFER, (B) TERMINATE THE EXISTENCE OR QUALIFICATION OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, (C) CAUSE XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP TO BE TREATED AS AN ASSOCIATION TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE TO BE TAXED AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES, OR (D) RESULT IN A TERMINATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP UNDER INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, SECTION 708 UNLESS, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, THE TRANSFERRING PARTNER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY THE PARTNERSHIP AND THE 

Exhibit A-1

OTHER PARTNERS FOR ANY ADVERSE TAX CONSEQUENCES CAUSED AS A RESULT OF SUCH TERMINATION. THE GENERAL PARTNER OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP MAY IMPOSE ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IF IT RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT SUCH RESTRICTIONS ARE NECESSARY TO AVOID A SIGNIFICANT RISK OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP BECOMING TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE BECOMING TAXABLE AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THIS SECURITY MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON ITS TRANSFER PROVIDED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. COPIES OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED AT NO COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS SECURITY TO THE SECRETARY OF THE GENERAL PARTNER AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE PARTNERSHIP. 

The Holder, by accepting this Certificate, is deemed to have (i) requested admission as, and agreed to become, a Limited Partner and to have agreed to comply with and be bound by and to have executed the Partnership Agreement, (ii) represented and warranted that the Holder has all right, power and authority and, if an individual, the capacity necessary to enter into the Partnership Agreement, and (iii) made the waivers and given the consents and approvals contained in the Partnership Agreement. 

This Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware 

Dated: XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP

By: XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners GP, LLC

By: 

By: 

Exhibit A-2

[Reverse of Certificate]

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this Certificate, shall be construed as follows according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COMas tenants in common 

UNIF GIFT TRANSFERS MIN ACT

TEN ENTas tenants by the entireties Custodian 

(Cust) (Minor)

JT TENas joint tenants with right of survivorship under Uniform Gifts/Transfers to CD Minors Act (State) and not as tenants in common 

Additional abbreviations, though not in the above list, may also be used. 

Exhibit A-3

ASSIGNMENT OF COMMON UNITS OF 

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, hereby assigns, conveys, sells and transfers unto

(Please print or typewrite name and address of assignee) (Please insert Social Security or other identifying number of assignee)

___________ Common Units representing limited partner interests evidenced by this Certificate, subject to the Partnership Agreement, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ____________ as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution to transfer the same on the books of XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP. 

Date: NOTE: The signature to any endorsement hereon must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this Certificate in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or change.

(Signature)

(Signature)

THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM), PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15

No transfer of the Common Units evidenced hereby will be registered on the books of the Partnership, unless the Certificate evidencing the Common Units to be transferred is surrendered for registration or transfer. 

Exhibit A-4

EXHIBIT B 

to the Fifth Amended and Restated 

Agreement of Limited Partnership, as Amended 

of XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP 

Certificate Evidencing Series A Preferred Units 

Representing Limited Partner Interests in 

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP 

No. ________________________ Series A Preferred Units _____________________

In accordance with Section 4.1 of the Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP (formerly known as NextEra Energy Operating Partners, LP), as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time (the Partnership Agreement), XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), hereby certifies that(the Holder) is the registered owner of Series A Preferred Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the Series A Preferred Units) transferable on the books of the Partnership, in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed. The rights, preferences and limitations of the Series A Preferred Units are set forth in, and this Certificate and the Series A Preferred Units represented hereby are issued and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and provisions of, the Partnership Agreement. Copies of the Partnership Agreement are on file at, and will be furnished without charge on delivery of written request to the Partnership at, the principal office of the Partnership located at 700 Universe Boulevard, Juno Beach, Florida 33408. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings given them in the Partnership Agreement. 

THE SERIES A PREFERRED UNITS (ALSO REFERRED TO AS THIS SECURITY) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THE SERIES A PREFERRED UNITS MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF A REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES UNDER SUCH ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION THEREUNDER AND, IN THE CASE OF A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP (FORMERLY KNOWN AS NEXTERA ENERGY OPERATING PARTNERS, LP) HAS RECEIVED DOCUMENTATION REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT. 

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP THAT THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IF SUCH TRANSFER (AS DEFINED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT) WOULD (A) VIOLATE THE THEN APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE SECURITIES AND 

Exhibit B-1

EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY WITH JURISDICTION OVER SUCH TRANSFER, (B) TERMINATE THE EXISTENCE OR QUALIFICATION OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, (C) CAUSE XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP TO BE TREATED AS AN ASSOCIATION TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE TO BE TAXED AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES, OR (D) RESULT IN A TERMINATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP UNDER INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, SECTION 708 UNLESS, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, THE TRANSFERRING PARTNER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY THE PARTNERSHIP AND THE OTHER PARTNERS FOR ANY ADVERSE TAX CONSEQUENCES CAUSED AS A RESULT OF SUCH TERMINATION. THE GENERAL PARTNER OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP MAY IMPOSE ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IF IT RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT SUCH RESTRICTIONS ARE NECESSARY TO AVOID A SIGNIFICANT RISK OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP BECOMING TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE BECOMING TAXABLE AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THIS SECURITY MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON ITS TRANSFER PROVIDED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. COPIES OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED AT NO COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS SECURITY TO THE SECRETARY OF THE GENERAL PARTNER AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE PARTNERSHIP. 

The Holder, by accepting this Certificate, is deemed to have (i) requested admission as, and agreed to become, a Limited Partner and to have agreed to comply with and be bound by and to have executed the Partnership Agreement, (ii) represented and warranted that the Holder has all right, power and authority and, if an individual, the capacity necessary to enter into the Partnership Agreement, and (iii) made the waivers and given the consents and approvals contained in the Partnership Agreement. 

This Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 

Dated: XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP

By: XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners GP, LLC

By: 

Exhibit B-2

By: 

Exhibit B-3

[Reverse of Certificate] 

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this Certificate, shall be construed as follows according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COMas tenants in common 

UNIF GIFT TRANSFERS MIN ACT

TEN ENTas tenants by the entireties Custodian 

(Cust) (Minor)

JT TENas joint tenants with right of survivorship under Uniform Gifts/Transfers to CD Minors Act (State) and not as tenants in common 

Additional abbreviations, though not in the above list, may also be used. 

Exhibit B-4

ASSIGNMENT OF SERIES A PREFERRED UNITS OF 

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, hereby assigns, conveys, sells and transfers unto

(Please print or typewrite name and address of assignee) (Please insert Social Security or other identifying number of assignee)

____________ Series A Preferred Units representing limited partner interests evidenced by this Certificate, subject to the Partnership Agreement, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ___________ as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution to transfer the same on the books of XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP. 

Date: NOTE: The signature to any endorsement hereon must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this 

Certificate in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or change.

(Signature)

(Signature)

THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM), PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15. 

No transfer of the Series A Preferred Units evidenced hereby will be registered on the books of the Partnership, unless the Certificate evidencing the Series A Preferred Units to be transferred is surrendered for registration or transfer. 

Exhibit B-5

EXHIBIT C 

to the Fifth Amended and Restated 

Agreement of Limited Partnership, as Amended 

of XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP 

Restrictions on Transfer of Series A Preferred Units 

THE SERIES A PREFERRED UNITS (ALSO REFERRED TO AS THIS SECURITY) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THE SERIES A PREFERRED UNITS MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF A REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES UNDER SUCH ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION THEREUNDER AND, IN THE CASE OF A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP (FORMERLY KNOWN AS NEXTERA ENERGY OPERATING PARTNERS, LP) HAS RECEIVED DOCUMENTATION REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT. 

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP THAT THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IF SUCH TRANSFER (AS DEFINED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT) WOULD (A) VIOLATE THE THEN APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY WITH JURISDICTION OVER SUCH TRANSFER, (B) TERMINATE THE EXISTENCE OR QUALIFICATION OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, (C) CAUSE XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP TO BE TREATED AS AN ASSOCIATION TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE TO BE TAXED AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES, OR (D) RESULT IN A TERMINATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP UNDER INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, SECTION 708 UNLESS, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, THE TRANSFERRING PARTNER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY THE PARTNERSHIP AND THE OTHER PARTNERS FOR ANY ADVERSE TAX CONSEQUENCES CAUSED AS A RESULT OF SUCH TERMINATION. THE GENERAL PARTNER OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP MAY IMPOSE ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IF IT RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT SUCH RESTRICTIONS ARE NECESSARY TO AVOID A SIGNIFICANT RISK OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP BECOMING TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE BECOMING TAXABLE AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THIS SECURITY MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON ITS TRANSFER PROVIDED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. COPIES OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED AT 

Exhibit C-1

NO COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS SECURITY TO THE SECRETARY OF THE GENERAL PARTNER AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE PARTNERSHIP. 

Exhibit C-2

EXHIBIT D 

to the Fifth Amended and Restated 

Agreement of Limited Partnership, as Amended 

of XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP 

Certificate Evidencing Non-Voting Common Units 

Representing Limited Partner Interests in 

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP 

No. _______________________ Non-Voting Common Units_____________________

In accordance with Section 4.1 of the Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP (formerly known as NextEra Energy Operating Partners, LP), as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time (the Partnership Agreement), XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), hereby certifies that(the Holder) is the registered owner of Non-Voting Common Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (the Non-Voting Common Units) transferable on the books of the Partnership, in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed. The rights, preferences and limitations of the Non-Voting Common Units are set forth in, and this Certificate and the Non-Voting Common Units represented hereby are issued and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and provisions of, the Partnership Agreement. Copies of the Partnership Agreement are on file at, and will be furnished without charge on delivery of written request to the Partnership at, the principal office of the Partnership located at 700 Universe Boulevard, Juno Beach, Florida 33408. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings given them in the Partnership Agreement. 

THE NON-VOTING COMMON UNITS (ALSO REFERRED TO AS THIS SECURITY) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THE NON-VOTING COMMON UNITS MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF A REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES UNDER SUCH ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION THEREUNDER AND, IN THE CASE OF A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP (FORMERLY KNOWN AS NEXTERA ENERGY OPERATING PARTNERS, LP) HAS RECEIVED DOCUMENTATION REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT. 

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP THAT THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IF SUCH TRANSFER (AS DEFINED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT) WOULD (A) VIOLATE THE THEN APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE SECURITIES AND 

Exhibit D-1

EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY WITH JURISDICTION OVER SUCH TRANSFER, (B) TERMINATE THE EXISTENCE OR QUALIFICATION OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, (C) CAUSE XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP TO BE TREATED AS AN ASSOCIATION TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE TO BE TAXED AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES, OR (D) RESULT IN A TERMINATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP UNDER INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, SECTION 708 UNLESS, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, THE TRANSFERRING PARTNER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY THE PARTNERSHIP AND THE OTHER PARTNERS FOR ANY ADVERSE TAX CONSEQUENCES CAUSED AS A RESULT OF SUCH TERMINATION. THE GENERAL PARTNER OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP MAY IMPOSE ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IF IT RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT SUCH RESTRICTIONS ARE NECESSARY TO AVOID A SIGNIFICANT RISK OF XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP BECOMING TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION OR OTHERWISE BECOMING TAXABLE AS AN ENTITY FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THIS SECURITY MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON ITS TRANSFER PROVIDED IN THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. COPIES OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED AT NO COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS SECURITY TO THE SECRETARY OF THE GENERAL PARTNER AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE PARTNERSHIP. 

The Holder, by accepting this Certificate, is deemed to have (i) requested admission as, and agreed to become, a Limited Partner and to have agreed to comply with and be bound by and to have executed the Partnership Agreement, (ii) represented and warranted that the Holder has all right, power and authority and, if an individual, the capacity necessary to enter into the Partnership Agreement, and (iii) made the waivers and given the consents and approvals contained in the Partnership Agreement. 

This Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 

Dated: XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP

By: XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners GP, LLC

By: 

Exhibit D-2

By: 

Exhibit D-3

[Reverse of Certificate] 

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this Certificate, shall be construed as follows according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COMas tenants in common 

UNIF GIFT TRANSFERS MIN ACT

TEN ENTas tenants by the entireties Custodian 

(Cust) (Minor)

JT TENas joint tenants with right of survivorship under Uniform Gifts/Transfers to CD Minors Act (State) and not as tenants in common 

Additional abbreviations, though not in the above list, may also be used. 

Exhibit D-4

ASSIGNMENT OF NON-VOTING COMMON UNITS OF 

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, hereby assigns, conveys, sells and transfers unto

(Please print or typewrite name and address of assignee) (Please insert Social Security or other identifying number of assignee)

____________ Non-Voting Common Units representing limited partner interests evidenced by this Certificate, subject to the Partnership Agreement, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ___________ as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution to transfer the same on the books of XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATING PARTNERS, LP. 

Date: NOTE: The signature to any endorsement hereon must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this 

Certificate in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or change.

(Signature)

(Signature)

THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM), PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15. 

No transfer of the Non-Voting Common Units evidenced hereby will be registered on the books of the Partnership, unless the Certificate evidencing the Non-Voting Common Units to be transferred is surrendered for registration or transfer. 

Exhibit D-5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>exhibit103toxplrdated01x23.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.3

State of Delaware

Secretary of State

Division of Corporations

Delivered 11:19 AM 01/27/2025

FILED 11:20 AM 01/27/2025

SR 20250259969 - File Number 5493932

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

TO

CERTIFICATE OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

OF

NEXTERA ENERGY OPERATING PARTNERS, LP

THIS Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership of NextEra Energy Operating Partners, LP (the Partnership), dated as of January 27, 2025, has been duly executed and is being filed by the undersigned, as the general partner of the Partnership, in accordance with the provisions of 6 Del. C. 17-202, to amend the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, which was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 6, 2014 (as heretofore amended, the Certificate).

1. Name. The name of the limited partnership is NextEra Energy Operating Partners, LP.

2. Amendments. 

(a) Article First of the Certificate is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

First: The name of the limited partnership is XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners, LP.

(b) Article Third of the Certificate is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

Third: The name and mailing address of each general partner is as follows:

XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners GP, LLC

700 Universe Blvd.

Juno Beach, FL 33408

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership as of the date first-above written.

GENERAL PARTNER

XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners GP, LLC

By: CHRISTOPHER H. ZAJIC

Name: Christopher H. Zajic

Title: Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>nepq42024exhibit99.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 99

XPLR Infrastructure, LP

Media.relations@XPLRInfrastructure.com

Jan. 28, 2025

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

XPLR Infrastructure, LP announces strategic repositioning

Moving from an acquisition and distribution model to a business that invests its retained cash flows in its existing assets and other attractive investments

Suspending its distribution to common unitholders for an indefinite period, facilitating a business plan that does not include any equity issuance

All convertible equity portfolio financing buyout payments are expected to be paid in cash

Received credit ratings affirmations from each of the agencies

Reporting fourth-quarter and full-year 2024 financial results and providing expectations for adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth

JUNO BEACH, Fla. XPLR Infrastructure, LP (NYSE: NEP) is moving from a business model that focused almost entirely on raising new capital to acquire assets while distributing substantially all of its excess cash flows to unitholders to a model in which XPLR Infrastructure utilizes retained operating cash flows to fund attractive investments. Accordingly, XPLR Infrastructure is announcing the suspension of distributions to unitholders for an indefinite period. By taking these actions today, XPLR Infrastructure adopts a plan that eliminates the need for equity issuances.

"We believe today's strategic repositioning of XPLR Infrastructure's business model will unlock the value of the strong cash flows in the existing portfolio and best position the partnership to allocate cash flow optimally for unitholders in the future," said John Ketchum, chairman of XPLR Infrastructure. "Suspending the distribution is a decision we do not take lightly. However, by doing so, the partnership will have a consistent source of capital which it can invest back in the business at attractive returns. We believe using our excess cash flow to buy out selected convertible equity portfolio financings and invest in our existing portfolio of high-quality assets are our best and most immediate value-enhancing opportunities for unitholders. Beyond these investments, we expect to have many other opportunities to reinvest our cash flow driven by the unprecedented demand for power in our country and the infrastructure required to serve it. The changes we are announcing today are intended to eliminate the need to issue equity, while enabling the partnership to both preserve its balance sheet capacity to facilitate near-term financings and maintain greater financial flexibility in the future to maximize unitholder value."

Repositioning its capital allocation model

XPLR Infrastructure plans to allocate its capital to the following opportunities:

Fund cash buyout of selected convertible equity portfolio financings. XPLR Infrastructure expects to buy out selected convertible equity portfolio financings to produce double-digit unitholder returns. 

Invest in XPLR Infrastructure's existing assets. XPLR Infrastructure expects to make investments in opportunities at double-digit unitholder returns related to its existing assets, including wind 

1

repowering and battery storage opportunities across its approximately 10-gigawatt (GW) renewable portfolio.

Explore additional growth opportunities. XPLR Infrastructure plans to evaluate investments in clean energy assets that can generate double-digit unitholder returns.

Return capital to unitholders, including common unit buybacks. XPLR Infrastructure will measure future investment opportunities against returning capital to unitholders. 

Addressing financing for all convertible equity portfolio financings 

Today, XPLR Infrastructure has five convertible equity portfolio financings in place. XPLR Infrastructure intends to buy out three of these portfolios by the end of 2027. At the end of 2027, XPLR Infrastructure expects to have only two remaining convertible equity portfolio financings outstanding. XPLR Infrastructure has worked collaboratively with the investor in one of the two remaining convertible equity portfolio financings to create the option to restructure the approximately $1 billion buyout payment due in 2030 into smaller distributed payments through 2034 allowing XPLR Infrastructure to fund buyouts in that timeframe from cash flow. Following today's repositioning, XPLR Infrastructure believes it has a path to address all of the convertible equity portfolio financings which does not require additional equity issuances. 

No change to its relationship with NextEra Energy

XPLR Infrastructure will continue to leverage the existing benefits from its current relationship with NextEra Energy, its largest unitholder, through existing agreements (e.g., MSA, O&M, ASA), meaningful board representation that remains unchanged and collaboration with respect to other investment opportunities in clean energy assets. XPLR Infrastructure will retain the same benefits and operational expertise that NextEra Energy currently provides across its entire portfolio.

Capital plan consistent with existing ratings

XPLR Infrastructure recently received credit ratings affirmations from each of the rating agencies. XPLR Infrastructure intends to refinance approximately $2.8 billion of debt maturities and convertible equity portfolio financing buyout payments in 2025 and 2026. XPLR Infrastructure has sufficient balance sheet capacity and liquidity to execute its plan.

Appointing new CEO

Alan Liu has been named president and chief executive officer of XPLR Infrastructure. Liu is an industry veteran with a proven track record of leadership who has held senior positions in risk management and corporate development at NextEra Energy. Liu also will remain an employee of NextEra Energy.

Prior to joining NextEra Energy in 2021, Liu was a managing director at Goldman Sachs, where he advised a broad range of public and private companies across the power, utilities, renewable energy and infrastructure sectors. Liu will be dedicated to running XPLR Infrastructure.

Fourth-quarter and full-year 2024 financial results

XPLR Infrastructure today reported fourth-quarter 2024 net loss attributable to XPLR Infrastructure of $101 million, which includes the one-time after-tax impairment of goodwill attributable to XPLR Infrastructure of $194 million. XPLR Infrastructure also reported fourth-quarter 2024 adjusted EBITDA of $483 million. For the full year 2024, XPLR Infrastructure reported net loss attributable to XPLR Infrastructure of $10 million, which includes the same one-time after-tax impairment of goodwill. XPLR Infrastructure also reported full-year 2024 adjusted EBITDA of $1.959 billion.

Expectations

XPLR Infrastructure expects to complete its previously announced 1.6-GW repowering program by mid-2026. XPLR Infrastructure believes there are numerous repowering and co-located storage opportunities within its existing portfolio and looks forward to informing investors as these opportunities are added to its backlog. 

2

For 2025, assuming normal weather and operating conditions among other caveats, XPLR Infrastructure expects adjusted EBITDA to be roughly flat year-over-year, although results may be impacted by the timing of the expected sale of the Meade pipeline investment that is currently expected in the fourth quarter 2025. For calendar year 2026, XPLR Infrastructure expects the portfolio to deliver adjusted EBITDA of $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion. The decline in adjusted EBITDA of approximately $105 million is due to the expected sale of the Meade pipeline investment in the fourth quarter of 2025.

With the repositioning, XPLR Infrastructure is changing its cash flow expectations metric to free cash flow before growth. Cash available for distribution is no longer meaningful for an entity suspending its distribution indefinitely. As with other companies with meaningful free cash flow and multiple capital allocation opportunities, XPLR Infrastructure believes free cash flow before growth will be a more appropriate metric to help guide its capital allocation decisions.

Given that 2025 is a transition year which will have partial impacts of approximately $945 million for convertible equity portfolio financing buyouts, the potential Meade pipeline investment sale and other holdco financings, XPLR Infrastructure believes 2026 represents an appropriate baseline for its free cash flow before growth metric. XPLR Infrastructure expects free cash flow before growth to be in the range of $600 million to $700 million in 2026 and expects it to remain relatively consistent through the end of the decade. XPLR Infrastructure expects that cumulative free cash flow before growth will exceed the remaining convertible equity portfolio financing buyout options, which XPLR Infrastructure expects will provide it optionality to allocate capital for the benefit of unitholders. 

Conference call information

As previously announced, XPLR Infrastructure's fourth-quarter and full-year 2024 financial results conference call is scheduled for 9 a.m. ET today. The listen-only webcast will be available on XPLR Infrastructures website by accessing the following link: www.XPLRInfrastructure.com. The financial results news release and the slides accompanying the presentation may be downloaded at www.XPLRInfrastructure.com, beginning at 7:30 a.m. ET today. A replay will be available for 90 days by accessing the same link as listed above. 

XPLR Infrastructure, LP 

XPLR Infrastructure, LP (NYSE: NEP) is a limited partnership that owns clean energy infrastructure assets with a focus on contracted renewable energy projects with long-term, stable cash flows. XPLR Infrastructure is focused on creating value for its unitholders through disciplined capital allocation of the cash flows generated by its assets and is positioning itself to benefit from the expected long-term growth in the U.S. energy markets. Headquartered in Juno Beach, Florida, XPLR Infrastructures portfolio of contracted clean energy assets consists of wind, solar and battery storage projects in the U.S., as well as contracted natural gas pipeline assets in Pennsylvania. For more information about XPLR Infrastructure, please visit: www.XPLRInfrastructure.com.

###

Adjusted EBITDA expectations represent projected (a) revenue less (b) project operating expenses, less (c) corporate G&A, plus (d) other income less (e) other deductions. Projected revenue as used in the calculations of projected EBITDA represents the sum of projected (a) operating revenues plus (b) a pre-tax allocation of production tax credits, plus (c) a pre-tax allocation of investment tax credits and plus (d) earnings impact from convertible investment tax credits.

FCFBG is defined as free cash flow before growth and represents adjusted EBITDA less (1) tax credits which include (a) a pre-tax allocation of production and investment tax credits to tax equity investors less proceeds from tax equity investors, (b) the pre-tax adjustment for production and investment tax credits earned by XPLR Infrastructure and (c) amortization of convertible investment tax credits; less (2) debt service which includes (a) cash interest paid on third party debt, (b) distributions to tax equity investors, 

3

(c) investors' expected share of distributable cash flow from convertible equity portfolio financings and excludes (d) principal payments; less (3) capital maintenance and environmental expenditures; less (4) income tax payments; less (5) other non-cash items included in adjusted EBITDA if any.

XPLR Infrastructure's management uses adjusted EBITDA and FCFBG, and historically used CAFD, which are non-GAAP financial measures, internally for financial planning, analysis of performance and reporting of results to the board of directors. XPLR Infrastructure also uses these measures when communicating its financial results and earnings outlook to analysts and investors. XPLR Infrastructure's management believed that adjusted EBITDA and CAFD provided a more meaningful representation of XPLR Infrastructure's cash generating ability. Going forward, XPLR Infrastructure's management believes that adjusted EBITDA and FCFBG provide a more meaningful representation of XPLR Infrastructure's cash available for capital allocation. The attachments to this news release include a reconciliation of historical adjusted EBITDA and CAFD to net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure.

XPLR Infrastructure does not provide a quantitative reconciliation of forward-looking adjusted EBITDA to GAAP net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, because certain information needed to reconcile this measure is not available without unreasonable efforts due to the inherent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying this measure. These items include, but are not limited to, unrealized gains and losses related to derivative transactions, which could significantly impact GAAP net income.Adjusted EBITDA expectations assume, among other things, normal weather and operating conditions; positive macroeconomic conditions in the U.S.; public policy support for wind, solar and storage development and construction; market demand and transmission expansion to support wind and solar development; access to capital at reasonable cost and terms; no changes to governmental policies or incentives; completion of the certain repowerings; and the sale of the Meade pipeline investment. Please see the accompanying cautionary statements for a list of the risk factors that may affect future results. Adjusted EBITDA, FCFBG and CAFD do not represent substitutes for net income, as prepared in accordance with GAAP.

This news release should be read in conjunction with the attached unaudited financial information.

Cautionary Statements and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results

This news release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical facts, but instead represent the current expectations of XPLR Infrastructure, LP (together with its subsidiaries, XPLR) regarding future operating results and other future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside of XPLR's control. Forward-looking statements in this news release include, among others, statements concerning adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth as well as statements concerning XPLR's future operating performance, planned sale of the Meade pipeline investment, equity issuance expectations, financing needs, return of capital to unitholders, buyouts of convertible equity portfolio financings, planned repowering of wind facilities, battery storage projects and other investment opportunities. In some cases, you can identify the forward-looking statements by words or phrases such as "will," "may result," "expect," "anticipate," "believe," "intend," "plan," "seek," "aim," "potential," "projection," "forecast," "predict," "goals," "target," "outlook," "should," "would" or similar words or expressions. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are not a guarantee of future performance. The future results of XPLR and its business and financial condition are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause XPLRs actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties could require XPLR to limit or eliminate certain operations. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: XPLR's ability to make cash distributions to its unitholders is affected by the performance of its renewable energy projects which could be impacted by wind and solar conditions and in certain circumstances by market prices; operation and maintenance of renewable energy projects and pipelines involve significant risks that could result in unplanned power outages, reduced output or capacity, property damage, personal injury or loss of life; XPLR's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects can be materially adversely affected by weather conditions and related impacts, including, but not limited to, the impact of severe weather; XPLR depends on certain of the renewable energy projects and the investment in pipeline assets in its portfolio for a substantial portion of its anticipated cash flows; developing and investing in power and related infrastructure, including repowering of its existing renewable energy projects, requires up-front capital and other expenditures and could expose XPLR to project development risks, as well as financing expense; geopolitical factors, terrorist acts, cyberattacks or other similar events could impact XPLR's projects, pipeline investment or surrounding areas and adversely affect its business; the ability of XPLR to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, 

4

national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. XPLR's insurance coverage does not provide protection against all significant losses; XPLR relies on interconnection and transmission and other pipeline facilities of third parties to deliver energy from its renewable energy projects and to transport natural gas to and from its pipeline investment. If these facilities become unavailable, XPLR's projects and pipeline investment may not be able to operate or deliver energy or may become partially or fully unavailable to transport natural gas; XPLR's business is subject to liabilities and operating restrictions arising from environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, compliance with which may require significant capital expenditures, increase XPLRs cost of operations and affect or limit its business plans; XPLR's renewable energy projects and pipeline investment may be adversely affected by new or revised laws or regulations, interpretations of these laws and regulations or a failure to comply with current applicable energy and pipeline regulations; XPLR does not own all of the land on which the projects in its portfolio are located and its use and enjoyment of the property may be adversely affected to the extent that there are any lienholders or land rights holders that have rights that are superior to XPLR's rights or the United States of America (U.S.) Bureau of Land Management suspends its federal rights-of-way grants; XPLR is subject to risks associated with litigation or administrative proceedings; XPLR is subject to risks associated with its ownership interests in projects that undergo development or construction, including for repowering, and other capital improvements to its renewable energy projects, which could result in its inability to complete development and construction at those projects on time or at all, and make those projects too expensive to complete or cause the return on an investment to be less than expected; XPLR relies on a limited number of customers and is exposed to the risk that they may be unwilling or unable to fulfill their contractual obligations to XPLR or that they otherwise terminate their agreements with XPLR; XPLR or its pipeline investment may not be able to extend, renew or replace expiring or terminated power purchase agreements (PPAs), natural gas transportation agreements or other customer contracts at favorable rates or on a long-term basis; if the energy production by or availability of XPLR's renewable energy projects is less than expected, they may not be able to satisfy minimum production or availability obligations under their PPAs; XPLR's ability to develop and/or acquire assets involves risks; reductions in demand for natural gas in the U.S. and low market prices of natural gas could materially adversely affect XPLR's pipeline investment's operations and cash flows; government laws, regulations and policies providing incentives and subsidies for clean energy could be changed, reduced or eliminated at any time and such changes may negatively impact XPLR and its ability to repower, acquire, develop or invest in clean energy and related projects; XPLR's ability to develop projects, including repowering renewable energy projects, face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, the environment, governmental approvals and the negotiation of project development agreements; acquisitions of existing clean energy projects involve numerous risks; XPLR may acquire assets that use other renewable energy technologies and may acquire other types of assets. Any such acquisition may present unforeseen challenges and result in a competitive disadvantage relative to XPLR's more-established competitors; certain agreements which XPLR or its subsidiaries are parties to have provisions which may preclude XPLR from engaging in specified change of control and similar transactions; XPLR faces substantial competition primarily from regulated utility holding companies, developers, independent power producers, pension funds and private equity funds for opportunities in North America; regulatory decisions that are important to XPLR may be materially adversely affected by political, regulatory, operational and economic factors; the natural gas pipeline industry is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect XPLR's pipeline investment; XPLR may not be able to access sources of capital on commercially reasonable terms; restrictions in XPLR and its subsidiaries' financing agreements could adversely affect XPLR's business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions to its unitholders; XPLR may be unable to maintain its current credit ratings; XPLR's cash distributions to its unitholders may be reduced as a result of restrictions on XPLR's subsidiaries cash distributions to XPLR under the terms of their indebtedness or other financing agreements or otherwise to address alternative business purposes; XPLR's and its subsidiaries substantial amount of indebtedness may adversely affect XPLR's ability to operate its business, and its failure to comply with the terms of its subsidiaries' indebtedness or refinance, extend or repay the indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on XPLR's financial condition; XPLR is exposed to risks inherent in its use of interest rate swaps; widespread public health crises and epidemics or pandemics may have material adverse impacts on XPLRs business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to grow its business and make cash distributions to its unitholders; NEE has influence over XPLR; under the cash sweep and credit support agreement, XPLR receives credit support from NEE and its affiliates. XPLR's subsidiaries may default under contracts or become subject to cash sweeps if credit support is terminated, if NEE or its affiliates fail to honor their obligations under credit support arrangements, or if NEE or another credit support provider ceases to satisfy creditworthiness requirements, and XPLR will be required in certain circumstances to reimburse NEE for draws that are made on credit support; NextEra Energy Resources, LLC (NEER) and certain of its affiliates are permitted to borrow funds received by XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners, LP (XPLR OpCo) or its subsidiaries and is obligated to return these funds only as needed to cover project costs and distributions or as demanded by XPRL OpCo. XPLR's financial condition and ability to make distributions to its unitholders, as well as its ability to grow distributions in the future, is highly dependent on NEERs performance of its obligations to return all or a portion of these funds; NEER's right of first refusal may adversely affect XPLR's ability to consummate future sales or to obtain favorable sale terms; XPRL Infrastructure Partners GP, Inc. (XPRL GP) and its affiliates may have conflicts of interest with XPLR and have limited duties to XPLR and its unitholders; XPRL GP and its affiliates and the directors and officers of XPLR are not restricted in their ability to compete with XPLR, whose business is subject to certain restrictions; XPLR may only terminate the Management Services Agreement among XPLR, NextEra Energy Management Partners, LP (NEE Management), XPRL OpCo and XPLR Infrastructure Operating Partners GP, LLC under certain limited circumstances; if certain agreements with NEE Management or NEER are terminated, XPLR may be unable to contract with a substitute service provider on similar terms; XPLR's arrangements with NEE limit NEEs potential liability, and XPLR has agreed to indemnify NEE against claims that it may face in connection with such arrangements, which may lead NEE to assume greater risks when making decisions relating to XPLR than it otherwise would if acting solely for its own account; XPLR's announced strategic repositioning of its business model and related distribution suspension may adversely impact the trading volume and price of XPRL's common units; XPLR's ability to make distributions to its unitholders depends on the ability of XPRL 

5

OpCo to make cash distributions to its limited partners; if XPLR incurs material tax liabilities, XPLR's distributions to its unitholders may be reduced, without any corresponding reduction in the amount of the incentive distribution rights fee, which is currently suspended; holders of XPLRs units may be subject to voting restrictions; XPLRs partnership agreement replaces the fiduciary duties that XPRL GP and XPLRs directors and officers might have to holders of its common units with contractual standards governing their duties and the New York Stock Exchange does not require a publicly traded limited partnership like XPLR to comply with certain of its corporate governance requirements; XPLRs partnership agreement restricts the remedies available to holders of XPLR's common units for actions taken by XPLRs directors or XPRL GP that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duties; certain of XPLRs actions require the consent of XPRL GP; holders of XPLR's common units currently cannot remove XPRL GP without NEEs consent and provisions in XPLR's partnership agreement may discourage or delay an acquisition of XPLR that XPLR unitholders may consider favorable; NEEs interest in XPRL GP and the control of XPRL GP may be transferred to a third party without unitholder consent; reimbursements and fees owed to XPRL GP and its affiliates for services provided to XPLR or on XPLR's behalf will reduce cash distributions from XPRL OpCo and from XPLR to XPLR's unitholders, and there are no limits on the amount that XPRL OpCo may be required to pay; increases in interest rates could adversely impact the price of XPLR's common units, XPLR's ability to issue equity or incur debt for acquisitions or other purposes and XPLR's ability to make cash distributions to its unitholders; the liability of holders of XPLR's units, which represent limited partnership interests in XPLR, may not be limited if a court finds that unitholder action constitutes control of XPLR's business; unitholders may have liability to repay distributions that were wrongfully distributed to them; the issuance of common units, or other limited partnership interests, or securities convertible into, or settleable with, common units, and any subsequent conversion or settlement, will dilute common unitholders ownership in XPLR, may decrease the amount of cash available for distribution for each common unit, will impact the relative voting strength of outstanding XPLR common units and issuance of such securities, or the possibility of issuance of such securities, as well as the resale, or possible resale following conversion or settlement, may result in a decline in the market price for XPLR's common units; XPLR's future tax liability may be greater than expected if XPLR does not generate net operating losses (NOLs) sufficient to offset taxable income or if tax authorities challenge certain of XPLR's tax positions; XPLR's ability to use NOLs to offset future income may be limited; XPLR will not have complete control over XPLR's tax decisions; and distributions to unitholders may be taxable as dividends. XPLR discusses these and other risks and uncertainties in its annual report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and other Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, and this news release should be read in conjunction with such SEC filings made through the date of this news release. The forward-looking statements made in this news release are made only as of the date of this news release and XPLR undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.

6

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS)

(millions, except per unit amounts)

(unaudited)

PRELIMINARY

Three Months Ended December 31, Years Ended

December 31,

2024 2023 2024 2023

OPERATING REVENUES $ 294 $ 232 $ 1,230 $ 1,078 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Operations and maintenance 115 130 504 520 

Depreciation and amortization 139 137 550 521 

Goodwill impairment charge 538 538 

Taxes other than income taxes and other 18 18 74 65 

Total operating expenses net 810 285 1,666 1,106 

GAINS ON DISPOSAL OF BUSINESSES/ASSETS NET 13 

OPERATING LOSS (516) (53) (423) (28) 

OTHER INCOME (DEDUCTIONS) 

Interest expense 62 (200) (170) (394) 

Equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees (19) 24 107 152 

Equity in earnings (losses) of non-economic ownership interests 2 (13) 18 4 

Other net 3 4 47 9 

Total other income (deductions) net 48 (185) 2 (229) 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES (468) (238) (421) (257) 

INCOME TAX BENEFIT (80) (33) (42) (25) 

LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (388) (205) (379) (232) 

INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 353 450 

NET INCOME (LOSS) (388) 148 (379) 218 

NET LOSS (INCOME) ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 287 (36) 369 (18) 

NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO XPLR $ (101) $ 112 $ (10) $ 200 

Earnings (loss) per common unit attributable to XPLR basic and assuming dilution(a) 

From continuing operations $ (1.08) $ (0.35) $ (0.11) $ 0.34 

From discontinued operations 1.55 1.84 

Earnings (loss) per common unit attributable to XPLR basic and assuming dilution $ (1.08) $ 1.20 $ (0.11) $ 2.18 

Weighted-average number of common units outstanding basic 93.5 93.4 93.5 91.6 

Weighted-average number of common units outstanding assuming dilution 93.5 93.4 93.5 91.6 

_________________________________

(a) Adjusted for impact of dilutive securities

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP

Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA and Cash Available for Distribution (CAFD)

(millions)

Three Months Ended December 31, Years Ended

December 31,

2024 2023 2024 2023

Net income (loss) $ (388) $ 148 $ (379) $ 218 

Add back: 

Depreciation and amortization 139 137 550 521 

Interest expense (62) 200 170 394 

Income taxes (80) (33) (42) (25) 

Goodwill impairment charge 538 538 

Tax credits 254 253 1,019 944 

Amortization of intangible assets/liabilities PPAs net 20 21 83 82 

Noncontrolling interests in Silver State, Star Moon Holdings, Emerald Breeze and Sunlight Renewables Holdings (6) (10) (59) (77) 

Gains on disposal of businesses/assets net (13) 

Equity in losses (earnings) of non-economic ownership interests (2) 13 (18) (4) 

Depreciation and interest expense included within equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees 14 23 70 77 

Impairment included within equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees 52 52 

Discontinued operations (314) (270) 

Other 4 16 (12) 15 

Adjusted EBITDA $ 483 $ 454 $ 1,959 $ 1,875 

Tax credits (230) (231) (917) (848) 

Other net (14) (15) (52) (57) 

Cash available for distribution before debt service payments $ 239 $ 208 $ 990 $ 970 

Cash interest paid (45) (55) (217) (204) 

Debt repayment principal(a) (77) (67) (117) (77) 

Cash available for distribution $ 117 $ 86 $ 656 $ 689 

_________________________________

(a) Includes normal principal payments, including distributions/contributions to/from tax equity investors and payments to convertible equity portfolio investors.

7

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(millions)

(unaudited)

PRELIMINARY

December 31,

2024 2023

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 283 $ 274 

Accounts receivable 105 114 

Other receivables 86 64 

Due from related parties 148 1,575 

Inventory 108 82 

Other 130 107 

Total current assets 860 2,216 

Other assets: 

Property, plant and equipment net 14,555 14,837 

Intangible assets PPAs net 1,817 1,987 

Goodwill 290 833 

Investments in equity method investees 1,784 1,853 

Other 1,019 785 

Total other assets 19,465 20,295 

TOTAL ASSETS $ 20,325 $ 22,511 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 65 $ 72 

Due to related parties 159 87 

Current portion of long-term debt 705 1,348 

Accrued interest 46 38 

Accrued property taxes 32 43 

Other 80 83 

Total current liabilities 1,087 1,671 

Other liabilities and deferred credits: 

Long-term debt 4,609 4,941 

Asset retirement obligations 366 331 

Due to related parties 43 53 

Intangible liabilities PPAs net 1,121 1,210 

Other 201 248 

Total other liabilities and deferred credits 6,340 6,783 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 7,427 8,454 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

EQUITY 

Common units (93.5 and 93.4 units issued and outstanding, respectively) 3,234 3,576 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss (6) (7) 

Noncontrolling interests 9,670 10,488 

TOTAL EQUITY 12,898 14,057 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY $ 20,325 $ 22,511 

8

XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(millions)

(unaudited)

PRELIMINARY

Years Ended December 31,

2024 2023

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income (loss) $ (379) $ 218 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 550 553 

Intangible amortization PPAs 82 82 

Change in value of derivative contracts (91) 284 

Deferred income taxes 6 34 

Equity in earnings of equity method investees, net of distributions received 73 32 

Equity in earnings of non-economic ownership interests, net of distributions received 3 (4) 

Gains on disposal of businesses/assets net (13) (375) 

Goodwill impairment charge 538 

Other net 17 20 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Current assets (17) (34) 

Noncurrent assets (13) (81) 

Current liabilities 45 (14) 

Noncurrent liabilities (1) 16 

Net cash provided by operating activities 800 731 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Acquisitions of membership interests in subsidiaries net (661) 

Capital expenditures and other investments (241) (1,269) 

Proceeds from sale of a business 1,885 

Payments from (to) related parties under CSCS agreement net 1,384 (1,213) 

Reimbursements from related parties for capital expenditures 66 1,063 

Other net 27 1 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 1,236 (194) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from issuance of common units net 3 315 

Issuances of long-term debt, including premiums and discounts 354 2,362 

Retirements of long-term debt (1,345) (1,523) 

Debt issuance costs (2) (12) 

Partner contributions 63 

Partner distributions (816) (741) 

Proceeds on sale of Class B noncontrolling interests net 177 

Payments to Class B noncontrolling interest investors (92) (146) 

Buyout of Class B noncontrolling interest investors (254) (972) 

Proceeds on sale of differential membership interests 92 

Proceeds from differential membership investors 173 153 

Payments to differential membership investors (75) (225) 

Change in amounts due to related parties (1) (2) 

Other net (10) (5) 

Net cash used in financing activities (2,002) (527) 

NET INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH 34 10 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH BEGINNING OF YEAR 294 284 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH END OF YEAR $ 328 $ 294 

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>nep-20250123.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>nep-20250123_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

1-36518 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>nep-20250123_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>nep-20250123_g1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>xplrlogotm_c1a.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover Page

12 Months Ended

Jan. 23, 2025 

Dec. 31, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K 

Document Period End Date Jan. 23, 2025 

1-36518 1-36518 

Entity Registrant Name XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP 

Entity Tax Identification Number 30-0818558 

Entity Address, Address Line One 700 Universe Boulevard 

Entity Address, City or Town Juno Beach 

Entity Address, State or Province FL 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33408 

City Area Code (561) 

Local Phone Number 694-4000 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE 

Written Communications false 

Soliciting Material false 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Units 

Trading Symbol NEP 

Security Exchange Name NYSE 

Entity Emerging Growth Company false 

Amendment Flag false 

Entity Central Index Key 0001603145 

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false 

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
2 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.nexteraenergy.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

nep-20250123.htm 
nep-20250123.xsd 
nep-20250123_lab.xml 
nep-20250123_pre.xml 

nep-20250123_g1.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>0001603145-25-000003-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>nep-20250123_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001603145 

2025-01-23 
2025-01-23 

0001603145 

2024-01-01 
2024-12-31 

false 
0001603145 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-01-23 
1-36518 
XPLR INFRASTRUCTURE, LP 
30-0818558 
700 Universe Boulevard 
Juno Beach 
FL 
33408 
(561) 
694-4000 
DE 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Units 
NEP 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>