<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-009671.txt : 20250205
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-009671.hdr.sgml : 20250205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250205161515
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-009671
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250205
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trinity Place Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000724742
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF NONRESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS [6512]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				222465228
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08546
		FILM NUMBER:		25593472

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		340 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3C
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10173
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 235-2190

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		340 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3C
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10173

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Trinity Place Holdings Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120914

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SYMS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm255530d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000072474200007247422025-02-052025-02-05iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
DC 20549

Form 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO

SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 5, 2025

Trinity Place Holdings Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Charter)

Delaware 001-08546 22-2465228

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

340 Madison Avenue, New York, New York10173

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(212) 235-2190

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable 

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Securities registered or
to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

Stock Purchase
Agreement

On
February 5, 2025 (the SPA Effective Date), Trinity Place Holdings Inc. (the Company) entered
into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement) with TPHS Lender LLC (the Seller)
and Steel IP Investments, LLC (the Purchaser), an affiliate of Steel Partners Holdings L.P. (Steel Partners),
pursuant to which the Purchaser has agreed to purchase from Seller, and the Seller has agreed to sell to Purchaser, 25,862,245 shares
of common stock (the Common Stock), par value $0.01 per share of the Company (such shares are referred to collectively
herein as the Shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Stock Purchase Agreement. The aggregate
consideration payable to the Seller is $2,586,200 for the Shares and certain agreements pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement.

At
the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreement (the Closing), the Company, the Seller
and the Purchaser will enter into certain ancillary agreements referenced below. The transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreement
are herein referred to as the Transactions. The Company entered into the Stock Purchase Agreement, and will enter
into the other Transactions, with a view toward, among other things, achieving significant operational synergies, including through the
use of Steel Partners corporate services and participation in Steel Partners operational excellence programs.

Conditions to Closing

The
obligations of the Seller and the Purchaser to consummate the Transactions are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing
conditions, including:

with respect to the Purchaser, among other things: (a) the assumption by the Seller of the Companys
guarantee under a loan relating to the Companys property in Paramus, New Jersey (the New Jersey Property)
owned by TPHGreenwich Holdings LLC (the JV Entity), (b) the Company shall have received waivers from certain service
providers of the Company with respect to legacy fees incurred by the Company (the Waiver Condition), (c) the Company
and the Purchaser shall have entered into the Purchaser Stockholders Agreement described below, (d) the partial termination by
the Company and the Seller of that certain stock purchase agreement, dated January 5, 2024, by and between the Company and the Seller
(the Seller SPA), except for any provisions of the Seller SPA which would cause an impairment or termination of the
Sellers representation and warranty insurance policy obtained concurrently with the Seller SPA, and the termination and cancellation
of the Sellers right to receive penny warrants of the Company equivalent to 5% of the Companys Common Stock and (e) the
termination and forfeiture of registration rights held by certain securityholders of the Company; and

with respect to the Seller, among other things, (a) the operating agreement of the JV Entity shall be
amended, to, among other things, remove any Company decision-making and/or consent rights with respect to the New Jersey Property and
the JV Entity, (b) the Company shall have released the JV Entitys obligation to pay, call capital and/or otherwise reserve for
any such D&O insurance coverage (including insurance tail coverage) and the Sellers obligation to hold back proceeds from the
sale of property for any insurance policies of the Company, (c) the Company shall (i) have provided Seller with an irrevocable written
right to cause the Company, at any time after the date that is 90 days following the date of the Closing (the Closing Date),
to convey all of the Companys 95% ownership interest in the JV Entity and its right to distributions under the operating agreement
of the JV Entity, into a trust established for the benefit of the Companys shareholders of record on a date to be determined and
(ii) have entered into the AMA Termination Agreement described below and (d) the Waiver Condition is satisfied.

Termination

The Stock Purchase Agreement
may be terminated by either party if the Closing has not have occurred within 30 days; provided that the terminating party cannot terminate
if the breach by such party is the principal cause.

Purchaser Stockholders
Agreement 

On
the SPA Effective Date and in connection with the Transactions, the Company and the Purchasers entered into a shareholder rights agreement
(the Purchaser Stockholders Agreement), which will become effective upon the Closing Date.

The
Purchaser Stockholders Agreement contains various covenants including, among others:

The Company will take all necessary corporate actions and obtain all necessary approvals so that, as of
the Closing Date, the Companys board of directors (the Board) consists of five (5) members, who will initially
be: (i) Jack L. Howard (Chairman), (ii)Alexander C. Matina, (iii) Joseph Martin, (iv) Jeffrey S. Wald, and (v) Joanne M. Minieri. Subsequently,
the Company has agreed that so long as Purchaser owns at least 20% of the Companys outstanding capital stock, the Company will
take all action reasonably necessary to cause the Board to remain at five (5) members, which shall include (A) one (1) director who shall
qualify as independent and is mutually agreed upon by Purchaser and the Company and (B) two (2) directors designated solely by Purchaser.

As of the Closing Date, Matthew Messinger will act as an observer of the Board until the earlier of (i)
his voluntary resignation as an observer of the Board and (ii) the Boards determination to remove Mr. Messinger as an observer
of the Board.

The Company will continue to take steps to continue to deregister the Company as a reporting company under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including using commercially reasonable efforts to file a Form 15 with the Securities
and Exchange Commission as soon as legally permissible after the Closing Date.

So long as at least ten percent (10%) of the Companys total issued and outstanding Common Stock
continues to be traded on OTC Pink Market, the Company will use commercially reasonable best efforts to, and Purchaser agrees to provide
management services to assist the Company to, prepare and publish the information as contemplated by Rule 144(c) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, including: (i) within 45 days following each quarter of each fiscal year and (ii) within 90 days following each fiscal
year of the Company, (A) a consolidated balance sheet, (B) consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and of cash
flows, and, as applicable, a comparison between (x) the actual amounts as of and for such period and (y) the comparable amounts for the
prior corresponding period, with an explanation of any material differences between such amounts, and (C) a consolidated statement of
stockholders equity; in each case, prepared in accordance with GAAP and, in the case of annual financial statements, audited and
certified by independent public accountants of recognized standing selected by the Company.

On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company will amend its bylaws (as currently in effective as of the
date hereof, the Bylaws), to provide for the ability of shareholders holding at least an aggregate of 15% of the
Companys outstanding Common Stock to call a special meeting of the shareholders of the Company (the Bylaws Amendment).
Following the effectiveness of the Bylaws Amendment, the Company will not further amend the Bylaws without the prior written consent of
the Purchaser, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

AMA Termination Agreement

On the SPA Effective Date and in connection with the Transactions,
the JV Entity and TPH Asset Manager LLC (a Company subsidiary) (the Asset Manager) entered into a Termination Agreement
(the AMA Termination Agreement), which, among other things, provides for the termination of that certain Asset Management
Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2024, between the Asset Manager and the JV Entity, on the date that is 45 days following the Closing
Date, and waives the JV Entitys remaining obligations thereunder.

The foregoing summaries of
the Stock Purchase Agreement, Purchaser Stockholders Agreement and the AMA Termination Agreement are qualified in their entirety
by the full text of the Stock Purchase Agreement, Purchaser Stockholders Agreement and AMA Termination Agreement, which are filed
as Exhibit 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, respectively, and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive
Agreement.

The
information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K under the heading AMA Termination Agreement
is incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of
Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

As disclosed in Item 1.01
above, under the terms of the Purchaser Stockholders Agreement, as of the Closing Date, the Board will consist of five (5) members,
who will initially be: (i) Jack L. Howard (Chairman), (ii) Alexander C. Matina, (iii) Joseph Martin, (iv) Jeffrey S. Wald, and (v) Joanne
M. Minieri. Each of Matthew Messinger, Keith Pattiz and Dan Bartok have tendered their resignation from the Board and as a member of any
committees of the Board, which resignation will become effective immediately at the Closing Date; provided that, to the extent the Closing
Date does not occur within thirty days of the execution of the Stock Purchase Agreement, such resignations will be null and void in all
respects. As noted in Item 1.01, under the terms of the Purchaser Stockholders Agreement, as of the Closing Date, Matthew Messinger
will act as an observer of the Board until the earlier of (i) his voluntary resignation as an observer of the Board and (ii) the Boards
determination to remove Mr. Messinger as an observer of the Board.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

10.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2025, by and among Trinity Place Holdings Inc. (solely with respect to Sections 1.6.3 and 5.1 thereto), TPHS Lender LLC and Steel IP Investments, LLC

10.2 Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2025, by and between Trinity Place Holdings Inc. and Steel IP Investments, LLC

10.3 Termination
Agreement (Asset Management Agreement), dated as of February 5, 2025, by and between TPHGreenwich Holdings LLC and TPH Asset Manager
LLC

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

TRINITY PLACE HOLDINGS INC.

Date: February 5, 2025 /s/ Steven Kahn

Steven Kahn

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm255530d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is made as of February 5, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and among Steel
IP Investments, LLC with a business address of 590 Madison Avenue, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10022 (together with its affiliates,
the Purchaser), TPHS Lender LLC with a business address of 520 Madison Avenue, 30th Floor, New York, NY
10022 (the Seller) and, solely with respect to Sections 1.4, 1.6.3 and 5.1 hereto, Trinity Place Holdings
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms hereof, Seller desires to sell 25,862,245 shares of common stock (the Common Stock), par value
$0.01 per share (such shares are referred to collectively herein as the Shares), of the Company, and Purchaser desires
to purchase the Shares from Seller, in private transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act).

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein and for the other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

Section 1.
SALE AND TRANSFER OF SHARES; CLOSING

1.1 Purchase
and Sale of Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing (as defined herein), Seller shall sell to
Purchaser, and Purchaser shall purchase from Seller, the Shares. Seller and Purchaser hereby agree that Purchaser shall pay to Seller
an aggregate consideration of $2,586,200 (the Purchase Price), which represents $1,293,100 in consideration for the
Shares and the remainder of which constitutes consideration to the Seller for the various other covenants and obligations of Seller pursuant
to this Agreement.

1.2 Purchase
Price Adjustment. If Seller fails to provide the FIRPTA Certificate (as defined herein) to Purchaser, Purchaser shall have the right,
in its sole discretion, to withhold from the Purchase Price an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the Purchase Price and remit such
amount to the Internal Revenue Service in accordance with FIRPTA requirements.

1.3 Closing.
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall take place remotely via the exchange
of documents and signatures on the Effective Date or at any other time and place as the parties may agree to in writing upon, among other
things, the satisfaction or waiver, as applicable, of the condition precedents set forth in Section 1.5 and 1.6 of
this Agreement. The date of the Closing is herein called the Closing Date.

1.4 Payment
and Delivery. At the Closing, Seller shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, except as provided in the following sentence, to an
electronic book-entry account in the name of Purchaser with the Companys transfer agent, the Shares against payment of the Purchase
Price in immediately available funds by wire transfer to the Sellers account as instructed by Seller. The Seller, the Purchaser
and the Company shall each deliver, or cause to be delivered, any forms or other documentation required by the Companys transfer
agent in order to effectuate the transfer of the Shares. If requested by Purchaser prior to the Closing (but only to the extent existing),
Seller shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, physical certificates evidencing such Shares registered in the name of Purchaser promptly
after the Closing.

1.5 Conditions
Precedent to Purchasers Obligations. The obligations of Purchaser under this Agreement to Seller are subject to the satisfaction,
at or before the Closing, of the following conditions, provided that Purchaser may waive any or all of these conditions in whole or in
part without prior notice:

1.5.1 The
assumption by the Seller, or one or more entities designated by the Seller, of the Webster Loan Guarantee relating to the property in
Paramus, New Jersey (the New Jersey Property) owned by TPHGreenwich Holdings LLC (the JV Entity).

1.5.2 Each
of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP, Houlihan Lokey, Inc. and Ackman Ziff Real Estate Group, LLC (the Service
Providers) shall have provided to the Company full waivers regarding certain legacy accrued fees with respect to services rendered
to the Company (the Fee Waivers), in each case, in the forms attached hereto as Exhibit A-1, Exhibit A-2,
and Exhibit A-3.

1.5.3 The
Company and the Purchaser shall enter into a stockholders agreement (the Purchaser Stockholders Agreement),
in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto, establishing, among other things, the size of the Board of Directors of the Company
(the Board) at five (5) directors as well as setting forth certain director nomination rights of the Purchaser.

1.5.4 The
(i) partial termination by the Company and the Seller of that certain stock purchase agreement, dated January 5, 2024, by and
between the Company and the Seller (the Seller SPA), except for any provisions of the Seller SPA which would cause
an impairment or termination of the Sellers representation and warranty insurance policy obtained concurrently with the Seller
SPA and (ii) the termination and cancellation of the Sellers right to receive penny warrants of the Company equivalent to
5% of the Companys Common Stock, in each case, in the form of the partial termination of stock purchase agreement attached hereto
as Exhibit C. Purchaser acknowledges that the terms set forth in Sections 2, 3, 4, 7(c), 13, and 25 of the Seller SPA and
any definitions of defined terms set forth in such sections, and such additional provisions of the Seller SPA required to survive under
the terms of Sellers representations and warranties insurance policy to provide such insurance coverage to Seller shall each remain
unmodified and in full force and effect, provided that such provisions shall survive solely with respect to Sellers ability
to maintain its representations and warranties insurance policy and shall in no event subject Buyer to any liability with respect to such
surviving representations and warranties.

1.5.5 The
termination and forfeiture by the certain securityholders of the Company listed in Annex A hereto of registration rights previously
awarded to such holders by the Company, including, but not limited to the following agreements: (i) registration rights agreement,
dated as of December 19, 2019, by and between the Company and the investors set forth on Schedule A thereof, (ii) registration
rights agreement, dated as of February 14, 2024, by and between the Company and the investors set forth on Schedule A thereof, (iii) registration
rights agreement, dated as of December 8, 2015, by and between the Company and MFP Partners, L.P. (MFP), (iv) registration
rights agreement, dated as of December 8, 2015, by and between the Company and Third Avenue trust (on behalf of Third Avenue Real
Estate Value Fund), (v) registration rights agreement, dated as of February 14, 2017, by and between the Company and the investors
set forth on Schedule A thereof and (vi) registration rights agreement, dated as of October 22, 2021, by and between the Company
and the investors set forth on Schedule A thereof.

2

1.5.6 Seller
shall deliver to Purchaser a certificate in form and substance satisfactory to Purchaser certifying that Seller is not a foreign person
within the meaning of Section 1445 of the Internal Revenue Code (the FIRPTA Certificate).

1.5.7 Seller
shall deliver to Purchaser officer certificates in the forms attached as Exhibit D-1 and Exhibit D-2 hereto.

1.5.8 All
representations and warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the
Closing Date as though made on and as of that date.

1.5.9 Seller
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed or complied with by it on or before the Closing Date.

1.6 Conditions
Precedent to Sellers Obligations. The obligations of Seller under this Agreement to Purchaser are subject to the satisfaction
in, at or before the Closing, of the following conditions, provided that Seller may waive any or all of these conditions in whole or in
part without prior notice:

1.6.1 The
Operating Agreement of the JV Entity shall be amended as shown in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E to, among other things,
remove any Company decision-making and/or consent rights with respect to the New Jersey Property and the JV Entity.

1.6.2 The
Company shall have released the JV Entitys obligation to pay, call capital and/or otherwise reserve for any such D&O insurance
coverage (including insurance tail coverage) and the Sellers obligation to hold back proceeds from the sale of property for any
insurance policies of the Company, such release to be included in the operating agreement form attached hereto as Exhibit E.

1.6.3 The
Company shall have (a) provided Seller with an irrevocable written right to cause the Company, at any time after the date that is
90 days following the Closing Date, to convey all of the Companys interests in the JV Entity into a trust (the Trust)
established for the benefit of the Companys shareholders of record as of the conveyance date (and not for the benefit of the Company
itself) pursuant to the terms of a trust agreement and an agreement of the Company with respect thereto, in each case, to be in the form
attached to this Agreement as Exhibit F; and (b) caused to be terminated on the date that is 45 days following the Closing
Date that certain Asset Management Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2024, between TPH Asset Manager LLC (a Company subsidiary)
and the JV Entity (the Asset Management Agreement) and waived the JV Entitys remaining obligations thereunder
(including, without limitation, any obligation to pay any termination fees or other amounts thereunder due as of the Closing Date pursuant
to the terms of the Asset Management Agreement), with such termination in the form of the termination agreement attached hereto as Exhibit G
and having been approved by those lenders to the JV Entitys subsidiaries as shall be entitled to approve such termination.

3

1.6.4 Purchaser
shall deliver to Seller an officers certificate in the form attached as Exhibit H hereto.

1.6.5 All
representations and warranties of Purchaser contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of
the Closing Date as though made on and as of that date.

1.6.6 The
condition precedent set forth in Section 1.5.3 shall have been satisfied.

1.6.7 Purchaser
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed or complied with by it on or before the Closing Date.

Section 2.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

Seller represents and warrants
to Purchaser that:

2.1 Title
to Shares. Seller is the owner, beneficially and of record, of the Shares and has good and marketable right, title and interest in
and to the Shares, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security agreements, claims, charges and restrictions, including, without
limitation, any right of first refusal, preemptive, tag-along or other comparable obligations or restrictions. Upon payment for the Shares
in accordance with this Agreement, Seller will convey the Shares to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall acquire good and marketable title to
the Shares, free and clear of all liens, pledges, security interests, charges, contractual obligations, transfer restrictions, claims
or encumbrances of any kind (other than any of the foregoing created by Purchaser or imposed by applicable securities laws).

2.2 Authority
and Consents. Seller has the right, power, legal capacity and authority to enter into and perform Sellers obligations under
this Agreement, and no approvals or consent of any governmental or regulatory authority or other persons is necessary in connection herewith
that have not yet been obtained. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against Seller
in accordance with its terms, except (a) as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other
laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (b) as may be limited
by the effect of rules of law governing the availability of equitable remedies.

2.3 No
Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result
in a violation or breach by Seller of, or constitute a default by the Seller under, any applicable law, rule or regulation, any provision
of its organizational documents or any agreement, instrument, decree, judgment or order to which Seller is a party or by which Seller
may be bound which would have a material adverse effect on the ability of Seller to comply with or perform any of its obligations under
this Agreement. There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending against Seller or, to Sellers knowledge, currently
threatened that questions the validity of this Agreement, or the right of Seller to enter into this Agreement or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby or that would otherwise have a material adverse effect on the ability of Seller to comply with or perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement.

4

2.4 Sophisticated
Seller. Seller (a) is a sophisticated entity familiar with transactions similar to those contemplated by this Agreement, (b) has
adequate information concerning the business and financial condition of the Company to make an informed decision regarding the sale of
the Shares, (c) has negotiated this Agreement on an arms-length basis and has had an opportunity to consult with its legal,
tax and financial advisors concerning this Agreement and its subject matter and (d) has independently and without reliance upon Purchaser,
and based on such information and the advice of such advisors as Seller has deemed appropriate, made its own analysis and decision to
enter into this Agreement. Seller acknowledges that neither Purchaser or any of its affiliates is acting as a fiduciary or financial or
investment adviser to Seller, and none of such persons has given Seller any investment advice, opinion or other information on whether
the sale of the Shares is prudent.

Section 3.
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES and COVENANTS OF PURCHASER

Purchaser represents and warrants to Seller that:

3.1 Authority
and Consents. Purchaser has the right, power, legal capacity and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement,
and no approvals or consent of any governmental or regulatory authority or other persons is necessary in connection herewith. This Agreement
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except (a) as
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the
enforcement of creditors rights generally and (b) as may be limited by the effect of rules of law governing the availability
of equitable remedies.

3.2 No
Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result
in a violation or breach by Purchaser of, or constitute a default by Purchaser under, any applicable law, rule or regulation, any
provision of its organizational documents or any agreement, instrument, decree, judgment or order to which Purchaser is a party or by
which Purchaser may be bound which would have a material adverse effect on the ability of Buyer to comply with or perform any of its obligations
under this Agreement. There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending against Purchaser or, to Purchasers knowledge,
currently threatened that questions the validity of this Agreement, or the right of Purchaser to enter into this Agreement or to consummate
the transaction contemplated hereby or that would otherwise have a material adverse effect on the ability of Purchaser to comply with
or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement.

3.3 Purchase
Entirely for Own Account. The Shares to be acquired by Purchaser will be acquired for investment for Purchasers own account
and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any
participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. By executing this Agreement, Purchaser further represents, warrants, and covenants
that Purchaser does not presently have and does not intend to enter into any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any
person to sell, transfer or grant participation to such person or to any third person, with respect to any of the Shares. Notwithstanding
the terms of Section 6.11, this Section 3.3 shall survive the Closing for a period of three years.

5

3.4 Restricted
Securities. Purchaser understands that the Shares will be restricted securities under applicable U.S. federal and state
laws (and may bear a legend to that effect) and that, pursuant to these laws, Purchaser must hold the Shares indefinitely unless they
are registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and qualified by state authorities, or an exemption from such registration
and qualification requirements is available. Purchaser further acknowledges that if an exemption from registration or qualification is
available, it may be conditioned on various requirements including, but not limited to, the holding period for the Shares and requirements
relating to the Company which are outside of Purchasers control.

3.5 Accredited
Investor; Reliance on Exemption. Purchaser is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the Securities
Act. Purchaser understands that the Shares are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws, and that Seller is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of, and
Purchasers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of Purchaser set forth
herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Purchaser to acquire the Shares.

3.6 Sophisticated
Purchaser. Purchaser (a) is a sophisticated entity familiar with transactions similar to those contemplated by this Agreement,
(b) has adequate information concerning the business and financial condition of the Company to make an informed decision regarding
the purchase of the Shares, (c) has negotiated this Agreement on an arms-length basis and has had an opportunity to consult
with its legal, tax and financial advisors concerning this Agreement and its subject matter and (d) has independently and without
reliance upon Seller, and based on such information and the advice of such advisors as Purchaser has deemed appropriate, made its own
analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Purchaser acknowledges that neither Seller nor any of its affiliates is acting as
a fiduciary or financial or investment adviser to Purchaser, and none of such persons has given Purchaser any investment advice, opinion
or other information on whether the purchase of the Shares is prudent. Purchaser further acknowledges and agrees that (i) Seller
currently may have, and later may come into possession of, material non-public information with respect to the Company that is not known
to Seller and that may be material to a decision to sell the Shares (Excluded Information), (ii) Purchaser has
determined to acquire the Shares notwithstanding that such Excluded Information may exist and may not have been disclosed by the Company
or the Seller to the Purchaser, (iii) the price for the Shares may significantly appreciate or depreciate over time and by agreeing
to sell the Shares to Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, Seller is giving up the opportunity to sell the Shares at a higher price in
the future and (iv) Seller shall have no liability to Purchaser, and Purchaser to the fullest extent of the law waives and releases
any claims, whether known or unknown, that it might have against Seller (or its affiliates or agents), whether under applicable securities
laws or otherwise, with respect to the nondisclosure of the Excluded Information in connection with the sale of the Shares and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The Purchaser is fully aware of (i) the lack of liquidity of the Shares and the restrictions on transferability
of the Shares and (ii) the speculative nature of the Shares. In addition, the Purchaser acknowledges that it has consulted with its
own tax advisors regarding the potential tax consequences of acquiring the Shares.

6

3.7 Lock-Up.
Purchaser hereby agrees that it shall not purchase any additional equity of the Company, including, without limitation, shares of Common
Stock or any preferred stock, until the date that is 90 days following the Closing Date.

Section 4.
FURTHER ASSURANCES OF SELLER AND PURCHASER

4.1 Each
of the parties hereto shall execute and deliver any and all such other instruments, documents and agreements and take all such actions
as either party may reasonably request from time to time in order to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.

Section 5.
Certain Covenants

5.1 The
Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable best efforts to assist the Seller in connection with (a) any New York State
and/or New York City real property transfer taxes (or similar charges) (collectively, Transfer Taxes) and the filing
of any returns in respect of any Transfer Taxes that the Seller determines may be necessary in respect of the creation or operation of
the Trust or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (which Transfer Tax returns, if any, shall, consistent with Section 1.6.3,
take the position that no Transfer Taxes are due upon such creation or operation, or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement),
(b) any inquiry, audit, investigation, challenge, or assessment by New York State or New York City of any Transfer Tax returns or
Transfer Taxes alleged to be due in respect of the creation or operation of the Trust or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
or (c) any protest, contest, litigation, or other challenge or proceeding by the Seller contesting any Transfer Taxes assessed or
asserted to be due in respect of the creation or operation of the Trust or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Such cooperation
shall include the retention and the provisions of records and information that are reasonably relevant to any such audit, litigation or
other proceeding and making employees available on a convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material
provided hereunder. Seller shall pay reasonable costs of the Company incurred with the foregoing, if any.

Section 6.
MISCELLANEOUS

6.1 Termination
of Agreement.

6.1.1 Notwithstanding
anything else to the contrary contained herein, if by thirty (30) days following the Effective Date (the Outside Date),
the conditions set forth in Section 1.5 of this Agreement have not yet been satisfied (or otherwise waived by the Purchaser)
or (ii) the Closing has not otherwise occurred due to no fault of the Purchaser, this Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser
by written notice of such termination to the Seller.

6.1.2 Notwithstanding
anything else to the contrary contained herein, if by the Outside Date, the conditions set forth in Section 1.6 of this Agreement
have not yet been satisfied (or otherwise waived by the Seller) or (ii) the Closing has not otherwise occurred due to no fault of
the Seller, this Agreement may be terminated by the Seller by written notice of such termination to the Purchaser.

7

6.1.3 To
extent this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 6.1.1 or Section 6.1.2, neither party shall have any further
obligations hereunder, other than those which are expressly stated to survive termination.

6.2 Transfer
Taxes. Each of Seller and Purchaser hereby agree that any applicable Transfer Taxes incurred in connection with the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will be paid by Seller when due, and Seller will, at their own expense, file all necessary
tax returns and other documentation with respect to such taxes, fees and charges. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties acknowledge
for the avoidance of doubt, that they have taken the position that neither the creation or operation of the Trust, nor the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, will cause to be payable any Transfer Tax.

6.3 Finders
or Brokers Fees. Each party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other parties from and against any loss, liability, damage,
cost, claim or expense incurred by reason of any brokerage, commission or finders fee alleged to be payable because of any act,
omission or statement of the indemnifying party. For the avoidance of doubt, the Seller and the Purchaser hereby agree that any fees incurred
by the Company subsequent to February 14, 2024 for services rendered by Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP shall solely
be the obligation of the Company and shall not be subject to the indemnification provisions contained in this Section 6.3.

6.4 Effect
of Headings. The subject headings of the sections of this Agreement are included for convenience only and shall not affect the construction
or interpretation of any of its provisions.

6.5 Entire
Agreement; Modification; Waiver. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to its subject matter,
and supersedes, merges and voids all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations and understandings of the parties with respect
thereto, whether written or oral. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing
by all the parties. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed, or shall constitute, a waiver of any other provision,
whether or not similar, nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless it expressly provides such by its terms. No waiver
shall be binding unless executed in writing by the party making the waiver.

6.6 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original (including signatures
delivered via facsimile or PDF) and all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement and the same instrument shall become effective
when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign
the same counterpart. The parties may deliver this Agreement by facsimile or PDF and each party shall be permitted to rely on the signatures
so transmitted to the same extent and effect as if they were original signatures.

6.7 Binding
Effect. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties,
their heirs, executors, administrators, successors and all other persons hereafter that become a party hereto. No rights or obligations
hereunder may be assigned by any party without the written consent of the other party. Any attempted transfer or assignment by any party
of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, without the consent of the other party, shall be null and void.

8

6.8 Notices.
Any notice, consent, payment, demand, or communication required or permitted to be given by any provision of this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be (a) delivered personally to the party or to an officer of the party to whom the same is directed, or (b) sent
by facsimile or other electronic or digital transmission method (including e-mail), or registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If to Seller:

TPHS Lender LLC

c/o Davidson Kempner Capital Management
LP

Attention: Adam Remo

Attention: Andrew Shore

520 Madison Avenue, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Email: aremo@dkp.com

Email: ashore@dkp.com

If to Purchaser:

Steel IP Investments, LLC

c/o Steel Partners
Holdings LP

Attention:
Joseph Martin, Chief Legal Officer

590 Madison Avenue, 32nd Floor

New York, NY 10022

E-mail: jmartin@steelpartners.com

If to the Company:

Trinity Place Holdings Inc.

c/o Board of Directors

340 Madison Avenue, Suite 3C

New York, NY 10173

Attn: Steven Kahn and Matthew Messinger

Email: Steven.kahn@tphs.com; mattmessinger1@gmail.com

or to such other address as
such party may from time to time specify in writing to the other parties. Any such notice shall be deemed to be delivered, given and received
for all purposes as of: (i) the date so delivered, if delivered personally, (ii) upon receipt, if sent by facsimile or other
electronic or digital transmission method (including e-mail), or (iii) on the date of receipt or refusal indicated on the return
receipt, if sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage and charges prepaid and properly addressed.

6.9 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect
to the conflict of law principles thereof.

9

6.10 Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of final jurisdiction, it is the intent of the parties
that all other provisions of this Agreement be construed to remain fully valid, enforceable and binding on the parties.

6.11 Survival
of Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties made by Seller and Purchaser contained in or made pursuant to
this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Closing.

6.12 Expenses.
Each party shall pay the expenses and costs incurred by it incidental to the preparation of this Agreement, the performance and compliance
with all agreements contained in this Agreement to be performed or complied with by them and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

6.13 Specific
Enforcement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, it is agreed and understood that monetary damages would not
adequately compensate an injured party for the breach of this Agreement by any other party, that this Agreement shall be specifically
enforceable, and that any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement shall be the proper subject of a temporary or permanent injunction
or restraining order. Further, each party waives any claim or defense that there is an adequate remedy at law for such breach or threatened
breach.

6.14 Prevailing
Party to Receive Attorneys Fees. In the event of any litigation arising out of this Agreement, the Prevailing Party (as hereinafter
defined) shall be entitled to receive from the non-Prevailing Party an amount equal to the Prevailing Partys costs incurred in
such litigation, including, without limitation, the prevailing partys attorneys fees, costs and disbursements. For purposes
of this Section 6.14: (a) the term Prevailing Party shall be deemed to be that party who obtains
substantially the result sought, whether by settlement, mediation, judgment, or otherwise and (b) the term attorneys
fees shall include, without limitation, the actual attorneys fees incurred in retaining counsel for advice, negotiations,
suit, appeal, and any other legal proceeding, including mediation and arbitration. The provisions of this Section 6.14 shall
survive the Closing or any earlier termination of this Agreement.

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
to this Agreement have duly executed it as of the day and year first above written.

Seller:

TPHS LENDER LLC

BY: Midtown Acquisitions GP LLC, its Manager

By: /s/ Joshua D. Morris

Name: Joshua D. Morris

Title: Manager

PURCHASER:

STEEL IP INVESTMENTS, LLC

By: /s/ Jack L. Howard

Name: Jack L. Howard

Title: President

The Company has executed this Agreement for purposes of evidencing
its agreement to the terms of Sections 1.4, 1.6.3, and 5.1.

TRINITY PLACE HOLDINGS INC.

By: /s/ Steven Kahn 

Name: Steven Kahn 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Stock Purchase Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm255530d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Shareholder Rights Agreement
(this Agreement), dated as of February 5, 2025, is by and between Steel IP Investments, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (Steel), Trinity Place Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (Company) and,
solely with respect to Section 3.1(c) hereto, the Lender, as defined below.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, pursuant to
that certain stock purchase agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Stock Purchase Agreement), by and between
Steel and TPHS Lender LLC (the Selling Shareholder), Steel has agreed to purchase 25,862,245 shares (the Shares)
of the Companys issued and outstanding common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock) then owned
by the Selling Shareholder;

WHEREAS, the Company
has proposed to enter into that certain senior secured promissory note, to be dated as of the Effective Date, with an affiliate of Steel,
Steel Connect, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Lender), pursuant to which the Lender will make a loan
in the aggregate amount of up to Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) to the Company (the Senior Secured Note); and

WHEREAS, as part of
the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Senior Secured Note, and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, the Parties desire
to set forth certain other rights and obligations of the Parties in connection therewith.

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants contained herein and benefits to be derived herefrom, and other valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Definitions; Interpretation.

1.1 Definitions.
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have their respective meanings set forth in Exhibit 1 (DEFINITIONS).

1.2 References.
The Schedules and Exhibits shall be incorporated into and deemed part of this Agreement and all references to this Agreement shall include
the Schedules and Exhibits to this Agreement. References to any laws shall mean references to such laws in changed or supplemented form
or to any newly adopted laws. Use of the word including or the phrase e.g. shall mean including, without
limitation.

1.3 Headings.
The Article, Section and Exhibit headings are for reference and convenience only and shall not be considered in the interpretation
of this Agreement.

2. Effective
Date. This Agreement shall become effective on the date that corresponds to the Closing Date (as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement)
(the Effective Date).

3. Covenants. Each of the Parties covenants with each other as set forth below.

3.1 Board
Matters

(a) Composition.
The Company shall take all necessary corporate actions and obtain all necessary approvals so that, as of the Effective Date, the Companys
board of directors (the Board) consists of five (5) members, who shall initially be: (i) Jack L. Howard
(Chairman), (ii)Alexander C. Matina, (iii) Joseph Martin, (iv) Jeffrey S. Wald, and (v) Joanne M. Minieri. Subsequently,
the Company agrees that so long as Steel owns at least 20% of the Companys outstanding capital stock, the Company will take all
action reasonably necessary to cause the Board to remain at five (5) members, which shall include (A) one (1) director
who shall qualify as independent and is mutually agreed upon by Steel and the Company and (B) two (2) directors shall be designated
solely by Steel.

(b) Board
Observer. As of the Effective Date, Matthew Messinger shall act as an observer of the Board until the earlier of (i) Mr. Messingers
voluntary resignation as an observer of the Board and (ii) the Boards determination to remove Mr. Messinger as an observer
of the Board. Any compensation paid to Mr. Messinger for his services as an observer shall be determined solely by the Board. In
addition, for the avoidance of doubt, Mr. Messinger shall not have any vote with respect to matters presented to the Board and shall
be required to excuse himself from executive sessions of the Board or during any deliberations regarding matters that constitute a conflict
of interest with respect to Mr. Messinger.

(c) D&O
Insurance. The Company shall maintain coverage under a directors and officers liability insurance policy having reasonable
terms, taking into account the past transactions and activities of the Company during applicable statutes of limitations periods and including
with respect to directors having served prior to and through the Effective Date (legacy directors) (the D&O
insurance). If the Company needs funds to procure the D&O insurance or advance expenses as provided in Article 9 of
its certificate of incorporation it shall borrow such amount under the Loan, which shall be timely disbursed by the Lender and be a permitted
Use of Proceeds, as such terms are defined in the Senior Secured Note. Each legacy director shall be a third party beneficiary of
this Section 3.1(c).

3.2 SEC
Registrant; OTC Market Trading. Consistent with the Companys prior agreement to pursue deregistration in connection with an
effort to reduce public company compliance costs, which agreement and related transactions were previously approved by the Companys
stockholders on or around February 7, 2024, the Company agrees to, as soon as legally permissible after the Effective Date, to use
commercially reasonable efforts to continue to deregister the Company as an SEC reporting company (Deregistration),
including seeking SEC effectiveness of post-effective amendments to deregister any and all shares of Common Stock registered with the
SEC by the Company, including those registered on Forms S-8 and S-3 and filing a Form 15. The Parties agree to, in connection
with the Deregistration, use commercially reasonable best efforts to engage with a FINRA registered broker-dealer to file, if required,
a Form 211 with FINRA on behalf of the Company to initiate quotations of the Common Stock for trading in a quotation medium, as defined
in Rule 15c-2(11) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

3.3 Financial
Reporting. So long as at least ten percent (10%) of the Companys total issued and outstanding Common Stock continues to be
traded on OTC Pink Market, the Company agrees to use commercially reasonable best efforts to, and Steel agrees to provide management services
to assist the Company to, prepare and publish the information as contemplated by Rule 144(c) of the Securities Act, including:
(i) within 45 days following each quarter of each fiscal year and (ii) within 90 days following each fiscal year of the Company,
(A) a consolidated balance sheet, (B) consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and of cash flows, and,
as applicable, a comparison between (x) the actual amounts as of and for such period and (y) the comparable amounts for the
prior corresponding period, with an explanation of any material differences between such amounts, and (C) a consolidated statement
of stockholders equity; in each case, prepared in accordance with GAAP and, in the case of annual financial statements, audited
and certified by independent public accountants of recognized standing selected by the Company.

3.4 Amendment
to Bylaws. The Company agrees to, on or prior to the Effective Date, amend its bylaws (as currently in effective as of the date hereof,
the Bylaws), to provide for the ability of shareholders holding at least an aggregate of 15% of the Companys
outstanding Common Stock to call a special meeting of the shareholders of the Company (the Bylaws Amendment). Following
the effectiveness of the Bylaws Amendment, the Company hereby agrees that it shall not further amend the Bylaws without the prior written
consent of Steel, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

3.5 Other
Covenants. Each of the Parties shall not indirectly do or cause to be done any act that, if done or caused to be done directly by
either Party, would breach any covenant contained in this Agreement.

2

4. Miscellaneous

4.1 Notices.
All notices, consents, requests, demands and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been duly given or delivered if (a) delivered personally, (b) sent by certified mail, return receipt requested,
(c) delivered by electronic mail (email) if a confirmation copy is immediately mailed by the certified mail, return receipt requested
or recognized courier for same day or next day delivery, or (d) delivered by recognized courier for same day or next day delivery:

to Steel:

Steel IP Investments, LLC

c/o Steel Partners Holdings L.P.

590 Madison Avenue, 32nd Floor

New York, Ny 10022

Attn: Joseph Martin

Email: jmartin@steelpartners.com

with mandatory copies to:

Greenberg Traurig, P.A.

333 SE 2nd Avenue, Suite 4400

Miami, FL 33131

Attn: Rebecca G. DiStefano

Email: distefanor@gtlaw.com

to Company (which shall be deemed notice to all Affiliates
thereof):

Trinity Place Holdings Inc.

c/o Board of Directors

340 Madison Avenue, Suite 3C

New York, NY 10173

Attn: Steven Kahn and Matthew Messinger

Email: Steven.kahn@tphs.com; mattmessinger1@gmail.com

with mandatory copies to:

Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP

1177 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10033

Attn: John Bessonette

Email: jbessonette@kramerlevin.com

or at such other address as the Parties
hereto shall have last designated by notice to the other Parties. Any item delivered personally, by email or by recognized courier for
same day or next day delivery shall be deemed delivered on the date of delivery if delivered prior to 5:00 p.m., and the next following
business day if delivered after 5:00 p.m. Any item sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, shall be deemed delivered five
(5) Business Days from the date of mailing.

4.2 Assignment, Binding Effect.

(a) The
Parties may not sell, transfer, convey, or assign this Agreement (including to an Affiliate), whether directly or indirectly, without
the prior written consent of the other party, which may be granted or denied in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding any consent provided
under this Section 4.2, the Parties shall remain liable to the other party for any breach hereof.

3

(b) Steel
may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the other Parties prior written consent, to (i) any Affiliates, or
(ii) any successor in interest whether as a result of a merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of Steels
assets, change in the equity ownership of Steel or in any similar transaction.

(c) Any
attempt to assign this Agreement other than as set forth in this Section 4.2 shall be invalid. This Agreement shall be binding
on the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

4.3 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, by (i) mail, personal delivery or other courier or physical delivery
of an executed original or copy bearing the signature of a properly authorized representative of the executing party, (ii) email
transmission of a file in .pdf or similar format bearing the signature of a properly authorized representative of the executing
party, or (iii) except where prohibited by state or federal law, electronic means via cryptographic, XML-based or other properly
authenticated digital or electronic signature of an authorized representative of the executing party. Upon delivery, each signature properly
provided hereunder shall be deemed to have the same binding effect as if the original signature had been delivered to the other parties
hereto.

4.4 Consents,
Approvals and Requests. Except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, all consents and approvals to be given by either Party
under this Agreement shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and each Party shall make only reasonable requests under this Agreement.

4.5 Severability.
If a court of competent jurisdiction hereof declares any provision invalid, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of
such invalidity, so that the remainder of that provision and all remaining provisions of this Agreement shall continue in full force and
effect. If any invalid, unenforceable or illegal provision would be valid, enforceable or legal if some part of it were deleted, the provision
will apply with whatever modification is necessary to give effect to the commercial intention of the parties.

4.6 Waiver.
Unless expressly agreed, no variation or waiver of any provision or condition of this Agreement shall constitute a general variation or
waiver of any provision or condition of this Agreement, nor shall it affect any rights, obligations or liabilities under or pursuant to
this Agreement which have already accrued up to the date of variation or waiver, and the rights and obligations of the Parties under or
pursuant to this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, except and only to the extent that they are so varied or waived.

4.7 Remedies
Cumulative. No right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to either Party is intended to be exclusive of any other right or
remedy, and each and every right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any other right or remedy under this Agreement, or
under applicable laws, whether now or hereafter existing.

4.8 Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement together with the Exhibits, Schedules or other addendum attached hereto constitutes the entire
agreement between the Parties relating to the subject matter contained herein and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements with
respect to the subject matter. This Agreement, Exhibits, Schedules or other addendum attached hereto may not be modified other than by
a written instrument signed by the Parties hereto. The invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any provision hereof or of the application
of any provision to any particular situation or circumstance shall not in any way affect, impair, invalidate, or render unenforceable
this Agreement or any other provision hereof or the application of such provision to different situations or circumstances.

4

4.9 Governing
Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial. The laws of the State of New York govern the interpretation
and enforcement of this Agreement and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement
shall be governed thereby, without giving effect to provisions thereof regarding conflict of laws. Any proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement shall be instituted either in any federal or state court in New York County, New York,
and each of the Parties hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court for the purpose of any such proceeding. A final
judgment in any such proceeding may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.
Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any proceeding arising out of this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby in such courts, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim
in any such court that any such proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum (or make any similar argument)
or does not have jurisdiction over any Party. Each Party further agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by U.S.
registered mail to such Partys respective address set forth herein shall be effective service of process for any such proceeding.
EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY FURTHER WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE ANY PROCEEDING
IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS BEEN WAIVED WITH ANY OTHER PROCEEDING IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT OR HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES
AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (a) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED OR WARRANTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (b) EACH PARTY UNDERSTANDS
AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (c) EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (d) EACH PARTY HAS BEEN
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 4.9. For
the purpose of this provision, the phrase relating to shall include (but is not limited to) the transactions contemplated
hereby, and the actions of any party in the negotiation, administration, performance and enforcement hereof.

4.10 Covenant
of Further Assurances. The Company covenants and agrees that, subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and, without
any additional consideration, it shall execute and deliver any further legal instruments and perform any acts that are or may become necessary
to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.

4.11 Negotiated
Terms. The Parties agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement are the result of negotiations between the Parties and that
this Agreement shall not be construed in favor of or against any Party by reason of the extent to which any Party or its professional
advisors participated in the preparation of this Agreement.

4.12 Attorneys
Fees. In the event of any legal action, arbitration or other proceeding relating to the enforcement and/or a breach of this Agreement
or because of an alleged dispute, breach or default in connection with any provisions of this Agreement, if a court of competent jurisdiction
in a final and non-appealable judgment determines that any Party or its Representatives have breached this Agreement, then the non-prevailing
Party shall be liable for and pay to the prevailing Party its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs incurred by the prevailing
Party in connection with such legal action, arbitration or other proceeding, in addition to any other remedies to which the prevailing
Party may be entitled.

4.13 Fair
Dealing; Obligations. The Parties jointly and severally agree that a covenant of good faith and fair dealing applies to their obligations
and commitments under this Agreement. Obligations of multiple Affiliated Parties hereunder shall be obligations of all such Parties jointly
and severally.

4.14 Specific
Performance. The Parties acknowledge that money damages and remedies at law are not a sufficient remedy for any breach or threatened
breach of this Agreement by the Company and its Representatives and that the Company agrees that a non-breaching party and/or its Affiliates
may be irreparably harmed in the case of any such breach or threatened breach. Therefore the Company and its Representatives agree that
a non-breaching party and/or its Affiliates shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief without
proof of actual damages or posting of a bond as a remedy for any such breach or threatened breach. Such remedies shall not be deemed to
be the exclusive remedies for a breach or threatened breach by the Company and its Representatives of this Agreement but shall be in addition
to all other remedies available at law or equity to such non-breaching parties. In any suit, action or claim to enforce this Agreement
or for breach of this Agreement, each Party hereunder shall be entitled (for the avoidance of doubt, in addition to any remedies at law
or equity) to recover its reasonable, out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable attorney fees, should it be the prevailing party therein.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

5

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed or caused duly authorized representatives of their respective companies to execute
this Agreement as of the day and year first written above.

STEEL: Steel IP Investments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By: /s/ Jack L. Howard

Name: Jack L. Howard

Title: President

COMPANY: Trinity Place HOLDINGS Inc., a Delaware corporation 

By: /s/ Steven Kahn

Name: Steven Kahn

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Shareholder
Rights Agreement]

Acknowledged and agreed to with respect to Section 3.1(c) of the foregoing Agreement:

STEEL CONNECT, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/
Ryan OHerrin 

Name: Ryan OHerrin

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Shareholder
Rights Agreement]

EXHIBIT 1

DEFINITIONS

Affiliate shall mean any
Person which, directly or indirectly, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with another entity. The foregoing definition
includes any entity that conforms to the definition as of the Effective Date hereof, as well as any entity that conforms to the definition
any time after the Effective Date hereof.

Agreement shall have the
meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Business Day shall mean any
day other than a Saturday, Sunday, bank or public holiday when clearing banks are open for business for the transaction of normal banking
business in New York, New York.

Board shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.1(a).

Common Stock shall have the meaning set forth
in the Recitals hereof.

Control shall mean the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity, whether through record
or beneficial ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.

Deregistration shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.2.

Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 2.

GAAP shall mean the generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America.

Lender shall have the meaning set forth in the
Preamble hereof.

Parties shall mean Steel and the Company, collectively.

Party shall mean either Steel or the Company,
as applicable.

Person shall mean an individual,
a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, an association, a joint- stock company, a trust, any unincorporated organization,
or other group, however organized (including their parents, subsidiaries, Affiliates, joint ventures, divisions, successors and assigns).

Representatives shall mean employees, directors,
managers, agents, representatives, advisors, attorneys, employees, and permitted subcontractors of a Party or its Affiliates.

Selling Shareholder shall have the meaning set
forth in the Recitals hereof.

Senior Secured Note shall have the meaning set
forth in the Recitals hereof.

Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the
Recitals hereof.

Steel shall have the meaning
set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Stock Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning
set forth in the Recitals hereof.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm255530d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Execution Version

TERMINATION AGREEMENT (ASSET MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT)

This TERMINATION AGREEMENT
(ASSET MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT) (this Termination) is entered into as of February 5, 2025 (the Effective
Date), pursuant to the Asset Management Agreement (the Agreement), dated as of February 14,
2024, by and between TPHGreenwich Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company) and TPH
Asset Manager LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Manager). Capitalized terms used but not defined
in this Termination shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement.

WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 10.1(b), of the Agreement, the Agreement shall continue in force until earlier termination pursuant to the terms thereof;

WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 10.2 of the Agreement, the Company has the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to terminate the Agreement without
Cause upon delivery of a written notice of termination to the Manager;

WHEREAS, on the Effective
Date, Trinity Place Holdings Inc. (TPHS), TPHS Lender LLC and Steel IP Investments, LLC entered into that
certain Stock Purchase Agreement (Steel Purchase Agreement); and

WHEREAS, (a) the
Company has elected to terminate the Agreement, effective on the forty-fifth (45th) day following the Closing Date (as defined
in the Steel Purchase Agreement) (the Termination Date), and the Manager has agreed to waive any applicable
notice requirements and to waive entitlement to certain amounts that may otherwise be due under the Agreement upon such termination, and
(b) Manager has agreed to cooperate with the Company in connection with the Companys transition to a newly-engaged asset manager,
as set forth in this Termination.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants contained in this Termination, the parties hereto, intending
to be legally bound, hereby agrees as follows:

SECTION 1. Termination.
On the Termination Date, each of the parties hereto on behalf of itself and its Affiliates and its and their respective successors and
assigns, hereby irrevocably acknowledges, covenants and agrees that the Agreement (and each right, duty, remedy and obligation of the
parties thereto of any nature whatsoever) shall automatically terminate in all respects and upon such termination, shall have no further
legal force or effect, in each case, except to the extent set forth in Sections 3 and 4 below. No later than three (3) Business
Days following the Closing Date, the Company agrees to pay Manager all fees accrued under the Agreement, including the pro rata portion
of its Asset Management Fee through the Closing Date.

SECTION 2. Waiver.
As of the Closing Date, the Manager hereby irrevocably waives (i) any right to prior notice of termination that may have otherwise
been required under the Agreement, and (ii) other than as set forth in Section 1 above, any right to receive any amounts, termination
fees, damages, or any other compensation, including, without limitation, any management fees, incentive fees, or other amounts payable
upon an early termination, that may otherwise have been due under the Agreement.

1

SECTION 3. Retainment
of Employees. Each party hereby agrees that the Manager shall not terminate Ms. Linda Flynn as an employee of the Manager without
cause through March 31, 2025, and the Company shall reimburse the Manager for any and all costs related to the employment of Ms. Flynn
from the Closing Date through March 31, 2025, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any potential liabilities or claims brought
with respect to Ms. Flynns employment relating to the period from the Closing Date through March 31, 2025.

SECTION 4. Transition
Services. During the period from the Effective Date through the Termination Date, the Manager shall provide reasonable transition
services to the Company in accordance with Section 10.3 of the Agreement.

SECTION 5. Release
of Claims. Each party hereby releases, waives, and forever discharges the other party from any fees, claims, demands, obligations,
or liabilities, known or unknown, arising out of or in connection with the Agreement.

SECTION 6. Termination
of this Agreement. To the extent the Closing (as defined in the Steel Purchase Agreement) is not consummated and the Steel Purchase
Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, each party hereby agrees that this Termination shall automatically terminate in
all respects.

[Signature Page Follows]

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed or caused this Termination to be executed as of the Effective Date.

TPHGREENWICH Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By: TPHS Investor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its Manager

By: Madave Management LLC, its Manager

By: /s/ Joshua D. Morris

Name: Joshua D. Morris

Title: Manager

TPH Asset Manager LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Steven Kahn

Name: Steven Kahn

Title: Chief Financial Officer

(Signature Page to Asset Management Termination Agreement)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tphs-20250205.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tphs-20250205_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tphs-20250205_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 05, 2025

Entity File Number 001-08546

Entity Registrant Name Trinity Place Holdings Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000724742

Entity Tax Identification Number 22-2465228

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 340 Madison Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10173

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 235-2190

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://tphs.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm255530d1_8k.htm 
tphs-20250205.xsd 
tphs-20250205_lab.xml 
tphs-20250205_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-009671-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm255530d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000724742 

2025-02-05 
2025-02-05 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000724742 
8-K 
2025-02-05 
Trinity Place Holdings Inc. 
DE 
001-08546 
22-2465228 
340 Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10173 
212 
235-2190 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>