<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-008535.txt : 20250131
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-008535.hdr.sgml : 20250131
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250130214412
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-008535
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250128
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250131
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001805521
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLES & PASSENGER CAR BODIES [3711]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				844720320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39395
		FILM NUMBER:		25575619

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		654 MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 1009
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646 502 9845

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		654 MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 1009
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Property Solutions Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200304
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0229223-8k_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000180552100018055212025-01-282025-01-280001805521FFIE:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-282025-01-280001805521FFIE:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForSharesOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-01-282025-01-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 28, 2025

Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39395 84-4720320

(State or other jurisdiction

(Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

of incorporation) Identification No.)

18455 S. Figueroa Street 

Gardena, CA 90248

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(424) 276-7616

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share FFIE The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share FFIEW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Purchase Agreement

On January 28, 2025, Faraday Future Intelligent
Electric Inc. (the Company) entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Matthias Aydt
(the Purchaser), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell one (1) share of the Companys newly designated
Series A Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock), to the Purchaser for a purchase price
of $100.00. The closing of the sale and purchase of the share of Series A Preferred Stock was completed on January 28, 2025.

Additional information regarding the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions applicable to the Series A Preferred Stock is set forth under Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser
has agreed to cast the votes represented by the share of Series A Preferred Stock on the Share Authorization Proposal (defined below)
in the same proportion as shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Class A Common Stock)
and shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class B Common Stock and, together with the Class A
Common Stock, the Common Stock) are voted (excluding any shares of Common Stock that are not voted, whether due to abstentions,
broker non-votes or otherwise) on the Share Authorization Proposal; provided, that unless and until at least one-third (1/3rd) of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock on the record date established for the meeting of stockholders at which the Share Authorization Proposal
is presented are present in person or represented by proxy at such meeting, the Purchaser will not vote the share of Series A Preferred
Stock on the Share Authorization Proposal. The Share Authorization Proposal means any proposal approved by the Companys
Board of Directors (the Board) and submitted to the stockholders of the Company to adopt an amendment to the Companys
Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to increase the number of authorized Class A Common Stock and Class
B Common Stock.

Letter Agreements

As previously disclosed in the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 6, 2024, on September 5, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Secured SPA) with certain institutional investors as purchasers (the September Investors), pursuant to
which, the Company agreed to sell, and the September Investors agreed to purchase, for approximately $30 million, certain secured promissory
notes (the Secured Notes), warrants (the September Warrants) and incremental warrants (the September
Incremental Warrants, and together with the Secured Notes and the September Warrants, the September Financing Documents)
in two closings. The first closing occurred on September 12, 2024 and the second closing occurred on September 30, 2024.

On January 28, 2025, the Company entered into
a letter agreement (the September Letter Agreement) with certain of the September Investors. Pursuant to the September Letter
Agreement, prior to the Companys receipt of the stockholders approval, the September
Investors agreed not to convert any outstanding Secured Notes at a conversion price less than $5.24, the initial conversion price of the
Secured Notes (the September Initial Conversion Price), and the Company agreed to issue, following receipt of such stockholders
approval, to any September Investors who convert any Secured Notes (such portion of the Secured Notes so converted, the Pre-Approval
Conversion Amount) at the September Initial Conversion Price prior to the Companys receipt of stockholders approval,
a number of shares of Class A Common Stock (the True-Up Shares) equal to (a) the quotient of (1) the True-Up Conversion
Amount (as defined below) divided by (2) the True-Up Conversion Price (as defined below) then in effect on the date the Company receives
an Investors request (such date, the True-Up Date) to deliver the True-Up Shares; minus (B) the quotient of (1) the
Pre-Approval Conversion Amount divided by (2) the September Initial Conversion Price. As
used herein, the True-Up Conversion Amount shall mean the Pre-Approval Conversion Amount calculated as if the principal
amount included in such Pre-Approval Conversion Amount shall have continued to accrue Interest (as defined in the Secured Notes) in accordance
with Secured Notes up to the True-Up Date, and the True-Up Conversion Price shall be equal to the lower of (i) the applicable
conversion price as in effect on the applicable True-Up Date, and (ii) the greater of (x) $1.048 and (y) the lowest of the five (5) VWAPs
(as defined in the Secured Notes) of the Class A Common Stock during the five (5) consecutive trading day period ending and including
the trading day immediately preceding the True-Up Date. 

1

The September
Letter Agreement also exempts the Company from the obligation to issue any shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the September Financing
Documents if, based on the record of Companys Transfer Agent, the Companys authorized and unreserved capital stock (the
Available Stock) is less than the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued pursuant to a Conversion Notice
(the Converting Shares); provided, however, that the Company shall promptly deliver the Converting Shares after the Company
obtains a sufficient amount of Available Stock.

The Secured SPA and the September Financing Documents
were previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September
6, 2024, and are incorporated by reference herein.

As previously disclosed in the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 23, 2024, on December 21, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Unsecured SPA) with certain institutional investors as purchasers (the December Investors), pursuant
to which, the Company agreed to sell, and the December Investors agreed to purchase, for approximately $30 million, certain unsecured
promissory notes (the Unsecured Notes), warrants (the December Warrants) and incremental warrants (the December
Incremental Warrants, together with the Unsecured Notes, the December Warrants, the December Financing Documents)
in one or multiple closings. The first closing occurred on December 31, 2024, the second closing occurred on January 17, 2025 and the
final closing occurred on January 22, 2025.

On January 28, 2025, the Company entered into
a letter agreement (the December Letter Agreement and, together with the September Letter Agreement, the Letter Agreements)
with certain of the December Investors. Pursuant to the December Letter Agreement, prior to the Companys receipt of the stockholders
approval, the December Investors agreed not to convert any outstanding Unsecured Notes at a conversion
price less than $1.16, the initial conversion price of the Unsecured Notes (the December Initial Conversion Price), and
the Company agreed to issue, following receipt of such stockholders approval, to any December Investors who convert any Unsecured
Notes (such portion of the Unsecured Notes so converted, the Pre-Approval Conversion Amount) at the December Initial Conversion
Price prior to the Companys receipt of stockholders approval, True-Up Shares equal to (a) the quotient of (1) the True-Up
Conversion Amount divided by (2) the True-Up Conversion Price then in effect on the True-Up Date the Company receives an Investors
request to deliver the True-Up Shares; minus (B) the quotient of (1) the Pre-Approval Conversion Amount divided by (2) the December Initial
Conversion Price. As used herein, the True-Up Conversion Price shall be equal to the lower of (i) the applicable conversion
price as in effect on the applicable True-Up Date, and (ii) Alternate Conversion Price. The December Letter Agreement also provides that,
if on a day following the receipt of the stockholders approval, a registration statement on Form S-1 registering for resale by
the December Investors the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the December Financing Documents becomes effective and the prospectus
contained therein is available for use (such date, an Adjustment Date), if the conversion price then in effect is greater
than the Closing Bid Price (as defined in the Unsecured Notes) of the Class A Common Stock on the trading day ended immediately prior
to such Adjustment Date (the Adjustment Price), the conversion price shall automatically lower to the Adjustment Price.

The December
Letter Agreement also exempts the Company from the obligation to issue any shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the December Financing
Documents if, based on the record of Companys Transfer Agent, the Companys authorized and unreserved capital stock (the
Available Stock) is less than the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued pursuant to a Conversion Notice
(the Converting Shares); provided, however, the Company shall promptly deliver the Converting Shares after the Company obtains
a sufficient amount of Available Stock.

The Unsecured SPA and the December Financing Documents
were previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December
23, 2024, and are incorporated by reference herein.

The foregoing summary of the Letter Agreements
and the Purchase Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the Letter Agreements
and the Purchase Agreement, respectively, copies of which are filed as Exhibit 10.1, Exhibit 10.2 and Exhibit 10.3, respectively, to this
Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

2

Item 3.02Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosure included in Item 1.01 of this Current
Report on Form 8-K is incorporated into this Item 3.02 by reference. The Purchaser is an accredited investor and the offer
and sale of the share of Series A Preferred Stock was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended.

Item 3.03Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The disclosure included in Item 5.03 related to
the Series A Certificate of Designation (as defined below) is incorporated into this Item 3.03 by reference. Prior to the issuance of
the Series A Preferred Stock, stockholder approval of the Share Authorization Proposal required the affirmative approval of a majority
of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. Following the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, stockholder approval
of the Share Authorization Proposal requires affirmative approval from a majority of the voting power of the shares of Common Stock and
the share of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class. The Purchaser will cast the votes represented by the share of
Series A Preferred Stock on the Share Authorization Proposal in a manner that mirrors the votes cast by holders of Common Stock on the
Share Authorization Proposal. Prior to the issuance of the share of Series A Preferred Stock, abstentions and any other non-votes would
have had the same effect as a vote against the Share Authorization Proposal. Following the issuance of the share of Series A Preferred
Stock, abstentions and any other non-votes on the Share Authorization Proposal will still technically have the same effect as a vote against
such proposal, but because the share of Series A Preferred Stock has a high number of votes and will vote in a manner that mirrors votes
actually cast by the holders of Common Stock (which does not include abstentions or any other non-votes), abstentions and any other non-votes
will have no effect on the manner in which the Series A Preferred Stock votes are cast.

Item
5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal
Year.

Certificate of Designation of Preferences Designating the Series
A Preferred Stock

On January 23, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate
of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Certificate of Designation)
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Series A Certificate of Designation designates one (1) share of the Companys
preferred stock as Series A Preferred Stock, and establishes and designates the preferences, rights and limitations thereof. The Series
A Certificate of Designation became effective upon filing. Pursuant to the Series A Certificate of Designation:

Convertibility. The share of Series A Preferred
Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities of the Company.

Dividends. The share of Series A Preferred
Stock shall not be entitled to receive dividends.

Voting. The share of Series A Preferred
Stock will have 3,000,000,000 votes, but has the right to vote only on the Share Authorization Proposal and until such time as the Share
Authorization Proposal is approved by the stockholders, and will have no voting rights except (i) with respect to the Share Authorization
Proposal in which its votes are cast for and against the Share Authorization Proposal in the same proportion as shares of Common Stock
are voted for and against the Share Authorization Proposal (without regard to any shares of Common Stock that are not voted, whether due
to abstentions, or otherwise not counted as votes for or against the Share Authorization Proposal) and (ii) unless the holders of one-third
(1/3rd) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the record date to be set by the Board are present, in person or by proxy, at
the meeting of stockholders at which the Share Authorization Proposal is submitted for stockholder approval (or any adjournment thereof).
The share of Series A Preferred Stock will vote together with the Common Stock as a single class on the Share Authorization Proposal.
The Series A Preferred Stock has no other voting rights, except as may be required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

3

Rank; Liquidation. Upon a liquidation,
bankruptcy, reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntarily or involuntarily,
pursuant to which assets of the Company or consideration received by the Company are to be distributed to the stockholders, the holder
of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, before any payment is made to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their
ownership thereof, an amount equal to $100.00.

Transfer Restrictions. The Series A Preferred
Stock may not be transferred at any time prior to stockholder approval of the Share Authorization Proposal without the prior written consent
of the Board.

Redemption. The outstanding share of Series
A Preferred Stock will be redeemed in whole, but not in part, for a redemption price of $100.00, payable out of funds lawfully available
therefor, upon the earlier of (i) any time such redemption is ordered by the Companys Board in its sole discretion, automatically
and effective on such time and date specified by the Board in its sole discretion, or (ii) automatically immediately following the approval
by the stockholders of the Company of both Shareholder Proposals.

The foregoing summary of the Series A Certificate
of Designation does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Series A Certificate
of Designation, which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed with this Current
Report on Form 8-K:

No. Description of Exhibits

3.1 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Preferred Stock, dated January 22, 2025.

10.1 September Letter Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and between the Company and the purchasers party thereto.

10.2 December Letter Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and between the Company and the purchasers party thereto.

10.3 Purchase Agreement dated January 28, 2025, by and between the Company and Matthias Aydt.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

4

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC.

Date: January 30, 2025 By: /s/ Koti Meka

Name: Koti Meka

Title: Chief Financial Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022922301ex3-1_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS OF SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK, DATED JANUARY 22, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit
3.1

Delaware

The First State Page 1

I, KRISTOPHER E.
KNIGHT, ACTING SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE
CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC., FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE TWENTY-THIRD DAY
OF JANUARY, A.D. 2025, AT 11:14 OCLOCK A.M.

/s/ Kristopher E. Knight

7846739 8100

SR# 20250224150 

Kristopher E. Knight, Acting Secretary of State

Authentication: 202759130

Date: 01-23-25

You may verify this certificate online at corp.delaware.gov/authver.shtml 

State
of Delaware 

Secretary
of State 

Division
of Corporations 

Delivered 11:14
AM 01/23/2025 

FILED 11:14 AM
01/23/2025 

SR 20250224150 - File Number 7846739 

Faraday
Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

Certificate
Of Designation

Of

Preferences,
rights and limitations of

series
a preferred stock

Pursuant to Sections 151 and
242 of the

General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

FARADAY
FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
hereby certifies that the following recital and resolution were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Company
(the Board), in accordance with the provisions of Sections 151
and 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended (the DGCL),
on January 22th, 2025, which resolution provides for the creation of a series of the Companys Preferred Stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, which is designated as Series A Preferred Stock,
with the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions set forth therein.

WHEREAS, the
Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (as amended, the Certificate
of Incorporation), authorizes the issuance of 114,245,313 shares of capital stock, consisting of (i)
104,245,313 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), divided
into two series of common stock composed of (A) 99,815,625 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Class A Common
Stock), and (B) 4,429,688 shares of Class B Common Stock (the Class B Common Stock); and
(ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Preferred Stock), issuable from
time to time in one or more series, and further provides that the Board is authorized to provide for the issue of all or any of the
shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series;

WHEREAS,
Article IV, Section 4.2 of the Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Board is authorized to provide from time to time
by resolution or resolutions for the creation and issuance, out of the authorized and unissued shares of the Preferred Stock, of one or
more series of Preferred Stock by filing a certificate pursuant to the DGCL, setting forth such resolution and, with respect to each such
series, establishing the designation of such series and the number of shares to be included in such series and fixing the voting powers
(full or limited, or no voting power), preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof, of the shares of each such series;

WHEREAS,
the Board has determined that it is reasonable, advisable, fair and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders
to establish and issue a new series of Preferred Stock, designated as Series A Preferred Stock (the Series
A Preferred Stock), consisting of one authorized share and to establish the rights, powers, preferences, privileges
and restrictions of the Series A Preferred Stock;

WHEREAS,
Article IV, Section 4.4 of the Certificate of Incorporation requires the approval of the holders of a majority of then-outstanding
shares of the Companys Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Class B Common
Stock) for the Board to create a new class of shares each of which bear
or may bear more than one vote per share;

WHEREAS, the
holder of all of the issued and outstanding Class B Common Stock approved the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock; and

WHEREAS,
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5640 prohibits corporate actions that would disparately reduce or restrict existing stockholder rights,
including through the issuance of super-voting preferred stock, however Nasdaq has previously approved the implementation of
super-voting preferred stock in the stockholder meeting context, under certain circumstances and in consultation with the
exchange.

NOW,
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board in accordance with the provisions of Article
IV of the Certificate of Incorporation and the provisions of Section 151 of the DGCL, the Board hereby establishes and issues the Series
A Preferred Stock with the rights, powers, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof.

Approval
Of Series A Preferred Stock

As of the date of this
Certificate of Designation, the holder of all of the issued and outstanding Class B Common Stock has, pursuant to and in accordance
with Article VI, Section 6.1 of the Certificate of Incorporation and Section 228 of the DGCL, approved by written consent on behalf
of the Class B Common Stock (among other things) the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock.

Terms
Of Series A Preferred Stock

1. Designation, Amount and Par Value. The series of Preferred
Stock created hereby shall be designated as the Series A Preferred Stock, and the number of shares so designated shall be one (1). The
share of Series A Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.0001 per share and will be uncertificated and represented in book-entry
form.

2. Dividends. The share of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive dividends.

3. Voting Rights. Except as otherwise required by law, the holder of the share
of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights (and shall not have any other voting rights):

3.1. The share of
Series A Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights except with respect to the Share Authorization
Proposal (as defined below) in which its votes are cast for and against such Proposal in
the same proportion as shares of Common Stock are voted for and against such Proposal (with
any shares of Common Stock that are not voted (whether due to abstentions, broker non-votes
or otherwise) not counted as votes for or against such Proposal), in which the outstanding
share of Series A Preferred Stock shall have 3,000,000,000 votes with respect to the Share
Authorization Proposal. The outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock shall vote together
with the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company as a single class exclusively
with respect to the Share Authorization Proposal until such time as, following the filing
of this Certificate of Designation, the Share Authorization Proposal is approved by the stockholders
of the Company, and shall not be entitled to vote on any other matter except to the extent
required by non-waivable provisions of the DGCL. As used herein, the term Share
Authorization Proposal, or the Proposal means
any proposal approved by the Board and submitted to the stockholders of the Company to adopt
an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of authorized
Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, increasing the total number of shares of Common
Stock.

3.2. The share of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no voting
rights with respect to the Share Authorization Proposal unless the holders of one-third (1/3rd) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
are present, in person or by proxy, at the meeting of stockholders at which the Share Authorization Proposal is submitted for stockholder
approval (or any adjournment thereof).

4. Rank; Liquidation.
Upon a liquidation, bankruptcy,
reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether
voluntarily or involuntarily, pursuant to which assets of the Company or consideration received
by the Company are to be distributed to the stockholders, the holder of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive, before any payment is made to the holders of Common Stock
by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount of $100.00.

5. Transfer Restrictions. The Series A Preferred Stock may not be Transferred at any time prior
to stockholder approval of the Share Authorization Proposal without the prior written consent of the Board. Transferred
means, directly or indirectly, whether by merger, consolidation, share exchange, division, or otherwise, the sale, transfer, gift,
pledge, encumbrance, assignment or other disposition of the share of Series A Preferred Stock (or any right, title or interest
thereto or therein) or any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing) to take any of the foregoing
actions.

2

6. Redemption.

6.1. The outstanding
share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be redeemed in whole, but not in part, out of funds
lawfully available therefor, upon the earlier of (i) any time such redemption is ordered
by the Board in its sole discretion, automatically and effective on such time and date specified
by the Board in its sole discretion, or (ii) automatically immediately following the approval
by the stockholders of the Company of the Share Authorization Proposal (any such redemption
pursuant to this Section 6.1, the Redemption).
As used herein, the Redemption Time shall mean the effective
time of the Redemption.

6.2. The
share of Series A Preferred Stock redeemed in the Redemption pursuant to this Section 6 shall
be redeemed in consideration for the right to receive an amount equal to $100.00 in cash
(the Redemption Price) for the share of Series A Preferred Stock
that is owned of record as of immediately prior to the applicable Redemption Time and redeemed
pursuant to the Redemption, payable upon the applicable Redemption Time.

6.3. From and after the time at which the share of Series A Preferred Stock is called
for Redemption (whether automatically or otherwise) in accordance with Section 6.1 hereof, such share of Series A Preferred Stock shall
cease to be outstanding, and the only right of the former holder of such share of Series A Preferred Stock, as such, will be to receive
the applicable Redemption Price. Upon such Redemption, the share of Series A Preferred Stock redeemed pursuant to this Certificate of
Designation shall be automatically retired and restored to the status of an authorized but unissued share of Preferred Stock. Notice of
a meeting of the Companys stockholders for the submission to such stockholders of any proposal to approve a Share Authorization Proposal
shall constitute notice of the Redemption of the share of Series A Preferred Stock at the Redemption Time pursuant to Section 6.l(ii)
hereof. In connection with the filing of this Certificate of Designation, the Company has set apart funds for payment for the Redemption
of the share of Series A Preferred Stock and shall continue to keep such funds apart for such payment through the payment of the purchase
price for the Redemption of such share.

7. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision hereof shall be interpreted
in a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision hereof is held to be prohibited by or invalid under
applicable law, then such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating or
otherwise adversely affecting the remaining provisions hereof.

3

In
Witness Whereof, Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. has caused
this Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Preferred Stock to be duly executed by the undersigned
duly authorized officer as of this 22th day of January, 2025.

FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC.

By: /s/ Koti Meka

Koti Meka

Chief Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022922301ex10-1_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SEPTEMBER LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 28, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE PURCHASERS PARTY THERETO
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

18455 S. Figueroa Street

Gardena, CA 90248

January 28, 2025

Re: Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 5, 2024 (the SPA), by and among Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.
(the Company) and the purchasers party thereto (the Purchasers)

Reference is made to the SPA.
Each capitalized term contained in this letter agreement (the Letter) which is not otherwise defined herein shall
have the same meaning ascribed to it in the SPA or the Notes, as applicable.

Whereas, pursuant to Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5635(d) and Section 4.22 of the SPA, the Company is required to obtain the approval of its stockholders for the issuance
of the Securities to the Purchasers (Stockholder Approval).

Whereas, pursuant to Section
12.5 of the SPA, the SPA and the other Financing Documents can be amended in writing by the Company and the Required Purchasers.

Whereas, the Purchasers party
hereto constitute the Required Purchasers.

For good and valuable consideration,
the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchasers party hereto hereby agree as follows:

1. In furtherance of Section 4.21 of the SPA, the Company is not obligated to issue the Underlying Shares
pursuant to the Notes and Warrants, if, based on the record of Companys Transfer Agent, the authorized but unreserved Capital Stock
(the Available Stock) is less than the Common Stock to be converted pursuant to the Conversion Notice (the Converting
Shares); provided, however, the Company shall promptly deliver the Converting Shares after the Company obtains
the sufficient Available Stock.

2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Financing Documents, the Purchasers shall not
be permitted to convert the outstanding Notes at a conversion price less than $5.24, the initial Conversion Price pursuant to Section
3(b)(ii) of the Notes (the Initial Conversion Price), until and unless the Company obtains Stockholder Approval (the
Conversion Limitation).

3. Following the receipt of Stockholder Approval, each Purchaser who at any time prior to the receipt of
Stockholder Approval converts any portion of such Purchasers Notes (the amount so converted, the Pre-Approval Conversion
Amount) at the Initial Conversion Price at a time when the Conversion Price of such Notes would have otherwise been less than
the Initial Conversion Price pursuant to Section 7 of the Notes, shall be entitled to receive the True-Up Shares (defined below), in one
or multiple issuances, upon delivery to the Company of a True-Up Conversion Request (as defined below) pursuant to the terms and conditions
hereof.

4. The Company agrees, upon receipt of a notice from a Purchaser substantially in the form of Conversion
Notice under Exhibit I of the Note (the True-Up Conversion Request and the date the Company receives such True-Up
Conversion Request, the True-Up Date), to issue to such Purchaser a number of shares of Class A common stock of the
Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), equal to (a) the quotient of (1) the True-Up Conversion
Amount divided by (2) the Alternate Conversion Price (as defined below) then in effect on the True-Up Date minus (b) the
quotient of (1) the Pre-Approval Conversion Amount divided by (2) the Initial Conversion Price (True-Up Calculation
and such shares of Common Stock, the True-Up Shares). For the avoidance of doubt, the Purchasers shall not be entitled
to any True-Up Shares in the event that Stockholder Approval is not obtained. As used herein, (A) True-Up Conversion Amount
shall mean the Pre-Approval Conversion Amount calculated as if the Principal amount included in such Pre-Approval Conversion Amount shall
have continued to accrue Interest in accordance with Section 2 of the Notes up to the True-Up Date and (B) Alternate Conversion
Price shall mean the lower of (i) the applicable Conversion Price as in effect on the applicable True-Up Date and (ii) the
greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) the lowest of the five (5) VWAPs of the Common Stock during the five (5) consecutive Trading Day
period ending and including the Trading Day immediately preceding the True-Up Date.

5. Prior to the receipt of Stockholder Approval, the Purchasers hereby agree not to exercise any Warrants.

6. The provisions of this Letter, including without limitation the Conversion Limitation and True-Up Calculation,
shall apply to any Incremental Notes issued following the date of this Letter but prior to the receipt of Stockholder Approval.

7. The terms of this Letter shall be effective as of the time of execution of this Letter by Purchasers who
represent the Required Purchasers.

8. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Financing Documents, are, and shall continue to be,
in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects.

9. This Letter shall be construed under the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of
conflicts of law or choice of law that would permit or require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. The Company and the
Purchasers party hereto each hereby agrees that all actions or proceedings arising directly or indirectly from or in connection with this
Letter shall be litigated only in the Supreme Court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York located in New York County, New York. The Company and the Purchasers party hereto each consents to the exclusive jurisdiction
and venue of the foregoing courts and consents that any process or notice of motion or other application to either of said courts or a
judge thereof may be served inside or outside the State of New York or the Southern District of New York by generally recognized overnight
courier or certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, directed to such party at its or his address set forth below (and service
so made shall be deemed personal service) or by personal service or in such other manner as may be permissible under the
rules of said courts. THE COMPANY AND THE PURCHASERS PARTY HERETO EACH HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
LITIGATION PURSUANT TO THIS LETTER.

2

10. If any provision of this Letter shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity
or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Letter in that jurisdiction or the validity
or enforceability of any provision of this Letter in any other jurisdiction.

11. Nothing in this Letter, including, without limitation, the transactions contemplated hereby, constitutes
material non-public information. As of the time of execution of this Letter, each Purchaser party hereto is not in possession of any material,
nonpublic information received from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
affiliates or agents, that has not been publicly disclosed. The Company shall not, and shall cause its officers, directors, employees,
affiliates and agents, not to, provide any Purchaser party hereto with any material, nonpublic information regarding the Company from
and after the time of execution of this Letter without the express written consent of such Purchaser. To the extent that the Company delivers
any material, non-public information to a Purchaser party hereto after the time of execution of this Letter without such Purchasers
express prior written consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality
to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates or agents with respect to,
or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates or agents not
to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information. The Company shall not disclose the name of any Purchaser party hereto
in any filing, announcement, release or otherwise, unless such disclosure is required by law or regulation. In addition, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that, as of the time of execution of this Letter, any and all confidentiality or similar obligations, whether written or oral,
between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one
hand, and each Purchaser party hereto or any of its affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers party hereto will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company.

12. This Letter may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one
and the same Letter and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided
that an electronic signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and
effect as if the signature were an original, not an electronic signature.

[Signature Pages below]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Letter as of the date first written above.

FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Letter as of the date first written above.

PURCHASER: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ADDRESS: 

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022922301ex10-2_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>DECEMBER LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 28, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE PURCHASERS PARTY THERETO
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

18455 S. Figueroa Street

Gardena, CA 90248

January 28, 2025

Re: Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2024 (the SPA), by and among Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.
(the Company) and the purchasers party thereto (the Purchasers)

Reference is made to the SPA.
Each capitalized term contained in this letter agreement (the Letter) which is not otherwise defined herein shall
have the same meaning ascribed to it in the SPA or the Notes, as applicable.

Whereas, pursuant to Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5635(d) and Section 4.22 of the SPA, the Company is required to obtain the approval of its stockholders for the issuance
of the Securities to the Purchasers (Stockholder Approval).

Whereas, pursuant to Section
12.5 of the SPA, the SPA and the other Financing Documents can be amended in writing by the Company and the Required Purchasers.

Whereas, the Purchasers party
hereto constitute the Required Purchasers.

For good and valuable consideration,
the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchasers party hereto hereby agree as follows:

1. In furtherance of Section 4.21 of the SPA, the Company is not obligated to issue the Underlying Shares
pursuant to the Notes and Warrants, if, based on the record of Companys Transfer Agent, the authorized but unreserved Capital Stock
(the Available Stock) is less than the Common Stock to be converted pursuant to the Conversion Notice (the Converting
Shares); provided, however, the Company shall promptly deliver the Converting Shares after the Company obtains the sufficient Available
Stock.

2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Financing Documents, the Purchasers shall not
be permitted to convert the outstanding Notes at a conversion price less than $1.16, the initial Conversion Price pursuant to Section
3(b)(ii) of the Notes (the Initial Conversion Price), until and unless the Company obtains Stockholder Approval (the
Conversion Limitation).

3. Following the receipt of Stockholder Approval, each Purchaser who at any time prior to the receipt of
Stockholder Approval converts any portion of such Purchasers Notes (the amount so converted, the Pre-Approval Conversion
Amount) at the Initial Conversion Price at a time when the Conversion Price of such Notes would have otherwise been less than
the Initial Conversion Price pursuant to Section 7 of the Notes, shall be entitled to receive the True-Up Shares (defined below), in one
or multiple issuances, upon delivery to the Company of a True-Up Conversion Request (as defined below) pursuant to the terms and conditions
hereof.

4. The Company agrees, upon receipt of a notice from a Purchaser substantially in the form of Conversion
Notice under Exhibit I of the Note (the True-Up Conversion Request and the date the Company receives such True-Up
Conversion Request, the True-Up Date), to issue to such Purchaser a number of shares of Class A common stock of the
Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), equal to (a) the quotient of (1) the True-Up Conversion
Amount divided by (2) the applicable conversion price then in effect on the True-Up Date minus (b) the quotient of (1) the
Pre-Approval Conversion Amount divided by (2) the Initial Conversion Price (True-Up Calculation and such shares
of Common Stock, the True-Up Shares). For the avoidance of doubt, the Purchasers shall not be entitled to any True-Up
Shares in the event that Stockholder Approval is not obtained. As used herein, True-Up Conversion Amount shall mean
the Pre-Approval Conversion Amount calculated as if the Principal amount included in such Pre-Approval Conversion Amount shall have continued
to accrue Interest in accordance with Section 2 of the Notes up to the True-Up Date.

5. The Company also agrees that, if on the day(s) after the receipt of the stockholder approval, on which
a Registration Statement becomes effective and the prospectus contained therein is available for use (such date, an Adjustment
Date), the Conversion Price then in effect is greater than the Closing Bid Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day ended
immediately prior to such Adjustment Date (the Adjustment Price), the Conversion Price shall automatically lower to the
Adjustment Price.

6. Prior to the receipt of Stockholder Approval, the Purchasers hereby agree not to exercise any Warrants.

7. The provisions of this Letter, including without limitation the Conversion Limitation and True-Up Calculation,
shall apply to any Incremental Notes issued following the date of this Letter but prior to the receipt of Stockholder Approval.

8. The terms of this Letter shall be effective as of the time of execution of this Letter by Purchasers who
represent the Required Purchasers.

9. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Financing Documents, are, and shall continue to be,
in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects.

10. This Letter shall be construed under the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of
conflicts of law or choice of law that would permit or require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. The Company and the
Purchasers party hereto each hereby agrees that all actions or proceedings arising directly or indirectly from or in connection with this
Letter shall be litigated only in the Supreme Court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York located in New York County, New York. The Company and the Purchasers party hereto each consents to the exclusive jurisdiction
and venue of the foregoing courts and consents that any process or notice of motion or other application to either of said courts or a
judge thereof may be served inside or outside the State of New York or the Southern District of New York by generally recognized overnight
courier or certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, directed to such party at its or his address set forth below (and service
so made shall be deemed personal service) or by personal service or in such other manner as may be permissible under the
rules of said courts. THE COMPANY AND THE PURCHASERS PARTY HERETO EACH HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
LITIGATION PURSUANT TO THIS LETTER.

2

11. If any provision of this Letter shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity
or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Letter in that jurisdiction or the validity
or enforceability of any provision of this Letter in any other jurisdiction.

12. Nothing in this Letter, including, without limitation, the transactions contemplated hereby, constitutes
material non-public information. As of the time of execution of this Letter, each Purchaser party hereto is not in possession of any material,
nonpublic information received from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
affiliates or agents, that has not been publicly disclosed. The Company shall not, and shall cause its officers, directors, employees,
affiliates and agents, not to, provide any Purchaser party hereto with any material, nonpublic information regarding the Company from
and after the time of execution of this Letter without the express written consent of such Purchaser. To the extent that the Company delivers
any material, non-public information to a Purchaser party hereto after the time of execution of this Letter without such Purchasers
express prior written consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality
to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates or agents with respect to,
or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates or agents not
to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information. The Company shall not disclose the name of any Purchaser party hereto
in any filing, announcement, release or otherwise, unless such disclosure is required by law or regulation. In addition, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that, as of the time of execution of this Letter, any and all confidentiality or similar obligations, whether written or oral,
between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one
hand, and each Purchaser party hereto or any of its affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers party hereto will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company.

13. This Letter may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one
and the same Letter and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided
that an electronic signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and
effect as if the signature were an original, not an electronic signature.

[Signature Pages below]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Letter as of the date first written above.

FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Letter as of the date first written above.

PURCHASER: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ADDRESS: 

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022922301ex10-3_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY 28, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND MATTHIAS AYDT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Purchase
Agreement

This
Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of January 28, 2025, by and between the purchaser
listed on the signature page hereto (the Purchaser) and Faraday
Future Intelligent Electric Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company).

Recitals

Whereas,
the Company desires to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, one (1) share of Series A Preferred
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Series A Preferred Stock), for the purchase price of $100.00 (the Purchase
Price); and

Whereas,
the Series A Preferred Stock shall have the rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, limitations and restrictions set forth in
the Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A COD), substantially in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A, which shall be filed by the Company with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware prior to the Closing (as defined below).

Now,
Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the respective representations and warranties, covenants and agreements
contained herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser agree as follows:

Article
I: Sale and Purchase

1.1. Upon the terms and subject
to the conditions herein contained, the Company agrees to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Company,
at the Closing, one (1) share of Series A Preferred Stock for the Purchase Price. The sale and purchase of the share of Series A Preferred
Stock pursuant to this Agreement is referred to herein as the Stock Purchase.

1.2. At or prior to the Closing, the Purchaser
will pay the Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with wire instructions provided by the Company
to the Purchaser prior to the Closing, or by check or money order payable to the Company.

1.3. Subject to the satisfaction
of each of the conditions set forth in Article IV and Article V hereof (to the extent not waived in accordance therewith), the closing
of the Stock Purchase (the Closing) shall take place remotely on the date hereof via the exchange of documents
and signatures (the date on which such Closing occurs is hereinafter referred to as the Closing Date).

Article
II: Covenants, Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser

The Purchaser hereby covenants
as follows, and makes the following representations and warranties, each of which is and shall be true and correct on the date hereof,
to the Company. All such covenants, representations and warranties shall survive the Closing.

2.1. Power and Authorization.
The Purchaser has the power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform his obligations hereunder, and to
consummate the Stock Purchase contemplated hereby.

2.2. Valid and Enforceable
Agreement; No Violations. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and constitutes a legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except that such enforcement may
be subject to (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or relating
to enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (b) general principles of equity, whether such enforceability is considered in
a proceeding at law or in equity (the Enforceability Exceptions). This Agreement and the consummation of the
Stock Purchase will not materially violate, conflict with or result in a breach of or default under (i) any agreement or instrument to
which the Purchaser is a party or by which the Purchaser or any of his assets are bound, or (ii) any laws, regulations or governmental
or judicial decrees, injunctions or orders applicable to the Purchaser.

2.3. Accredited Investor.
The Purchaser is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and is acquiring the Series A Preferred Stock hereunder for
investment for his own account and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof in a manner that would
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Purchaser is able (i) to bear the economic risk of its investment in the
Company, (ii) to hold the Series A Preferred Stock for an indefinite period of time, and (iii) presently and, based on existing conditions,
hereafter to afford a complete loss of such investments. In making its decision to invest in the Company, Purchaser has relied solely
upon independent investigations made by it and by its own professional financial and other advisors. Purchaser has been given the opportunity
to obtain information and to examine all documents relating to the Company, and to ask questions of, and to receive answers from, the
Company or any persons acting on their behalf concerning the Company and the terms and conditions of this investment, and to obtain any
additional information it desires to verify the accuracy of any information previously furnished. All such questions have been answered
to Purchasers full satisfaction, and all information and documents, records and books pertaining to this investment which it has
requested have been made available to it.

2.4. No Public Market.
The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that no public market exists (and it is likely that none will ever exist) for the Series A Preferred
Stock and the share of Series A Preferred Stock is subject to transfer restrictions as set forth in the Series A COD.

2.5. Transfer Restrictions.
The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees as follows:

(a) The Series A Preferred
Stock has not been registered for sale under the Securities Act, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act; the Company does
not currently intend to register the Series A Preferred Stock under the Securities Act at any time in the future.

(b) The Purchaser understands
that there are substantial restrictions on the transferability of the Series A Preferred Stock and that the book-entry certificate representing
the Series A Preferred Stock will bear restrictive legends in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed
against transfer of such certificates or other instruments):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND NEITHER
SUCH SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (1) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT
WITH RESPECT THERETO IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR (2) AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION
EXISTS AND THE COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD,
PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED IN THE MANNER CONTEMPLATED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS AS SET FORTH IN THE CERTIFICATE OF
DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS OF SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK.

OTHER THAN FOR A REDEMPTION PURSUANT TO AND IN
ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 6, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED AT ANY TIME WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN
CONSENT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION.

Article
III: Covenants, Representations and Warranties of the Company

The Company hereby covenants
as follows, and makes the following representations and warranties, each of which is and shall be true and correct on the date hereof,
to the Purchaser. All such covenants, representations and warranties shall survive the Closing.

2

3.1. Power and Authorization.
The Company is duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation, and has the power,
authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder, and to consummate the Stock Purchase
contemplated hereby.

3.2. Valid and Enforceable
Agreement; No Violations. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except that such enforcement may be subject to the Enforceability
Exceptions. The issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock has been duly authorized by the Company. This Agreement, the issuance of the
Series A Preferred Stock and consummation of the Stock Purchase will not violate, conflict with or result in a breach of or default under
(a) the charter, bylaws or other organizational documents of the Company, (b) any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party
or by which the Company or any of its assets are bound, or (c) any laws, regulations or governmental or judicial decrees, injunctions
or orders applicable to the Company.

3.3. Securities Law Matters.
Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties hereunder, the Series A Preferred Stock issued pursuant
to the Stock Purchase will be (a) exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act, and (b) issued in compliance with all applicable state and federal laws concerning the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock.

3.4. Validity of the Series
A Preferred Stock. The share of Series A Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to this Agreement at the Closing (a) has been duly
authorized by the Company and, upon its issuance pursuant to the Stock Purchase in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Series
A Preferred Stock will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and (b) will not, as of the date of issuance, be subject to any
preemptive, participation, rights of first refusal or other similar rights.

Article
IV: Conditions to Companys Obligations at Closing

The Companys obligation
to complete the Stock Purchase and deliver the Series A Preferred Stock to the Purchaser in exchange for the Purchase Price shall be subject
to the following conditions to the extent not waived by the Company:

4.1. Representation and
Warranties. The representations and warranties made by the Purchaser in Article II hereof shall be true and correct in all material
respects (except to the extent any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality, in which case, such representation and
warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as so qualified) as of the Closing Date, except to the extent any such representation
or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of such
earlier date.

4.2. Performance. The
Purchaser shall have performed in all material respects all obligations and covenants herein required to be performed by it at or prior
to the Closing.

Article
V: Conditions to Purchasers Obligations at Closing

The Purchasers obligation
to deliver the Purchase Price and accept delivery of the Series A Preferred Stock and to effect the Stock Purchase shall be subject to
the following conditions to the extent not waived by the Purchaser:

5.1. Representations and
Warranties. The representations and warranties made by the Company in Article III hereof shall be true and correct in all material
respects (except to the extent any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality, in which case, such representation and
warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as so qualified) as of the Closing Date, except to the extent any such representation
or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of such
earlier date.

5.2. Performance. The
Company shall have performed in all material respects all obligations and covenants herein required to be performed by it at or prior
to the Closing.

5.3. Judgments. No
judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or decree of or by any court, or judge, justice or magistrate, including any bankruptcy court
or judge, or any order of or by any governmental authority, shall have been issued, and no action or proceeding shall have been instituted
by any governmental authority, enjoining or preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

5.4. Certificate of Designation.
The Company shall have filed the Series A COD with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and the Series A COD shall remain
in full force and effect as of the Closing.

3

Article
VI: Voting Agreement

6.1. Voting Agreement.
Purchaser hereby covenants and agrees to vote the share of Series A Preferred Stock (which shall have 3,000,000,000 votes) on the Shareholder
Proposals (as defined in the Series A COD) for or against each such proposal in the same proportion as shares of the Companys common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), are voted (excluding any shares of Common Stock that
are not voted, whether due to abstentions, broker non-votes or otherwise) on such proposal; provided, however,
that unless and until at least one-third of the outstanding shares of Common Stock on the record date set for the meeting of stockholders
at which the Shareholder Proposals are presented are present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy at such meeting,
the Purchaser will not vote the share of Series A Preferred Stock on such Shareholder Proposals.

Article
VII: Miscellaneous

7.1. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement, and any other documents and agreements executed in connection with this Agreement or the Stock Purchase, including the
Series A COD, constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersede
all prior and contemporaneous oral or written agreements, representations, warranties, contracts, correspondence, conversations, memoranda
and understandings between or among the parties or any of their agents, representatives or affiliates relative to such subject matter,
including, without limitation, any emails or draft documents. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall be enforceable by
and inure solely to the benefit of, the Company and the Purchaser and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided,
however, that neither this Agreement nor any of the rights hereunder may be assigned without the prior written consent of the
other party to this Agreement, and any attempted assignment of this Agreement or any of such rights without such consent shall be void
and of no effect.

7.2. Amendment. This
Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties to this Agreement.

7.3. Construction.
References in the singular shall include the plural, and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. References in the masculine
shall include the feminine and neuter, and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. Headings in this Agreement are for convenience
of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meanings of the provisions hereof. No party, nor its respective counsel,
shall be deemed the drafter of this Agreement for purposes of construing the provisions of this Agreement, and all language in all parts
of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against any party.

7.4. Costs and Expenses.
The Company shall pay all costs and expenses incurred by it and the Purchaser in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution
and performance of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, attorneys fees.

7.5. Notices. All notices
and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier
of actual receipt, or (a) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent, if sent by electronic mail or facsimile during
normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next business day,
(c) five days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one business day
after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification
of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the respective parties at their address as set forth on the signature page, or to such
e-mail address, facsimile number or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 7.5.

7.6. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall in all respects be construed in accordance with and governed by the substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without
reference to its choice of law rules to the extent they would direct any matter hereunder to (or apply the laws of) any other jurisdiction.

7.7. Severability. If
one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision
in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a)
such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (b) the balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were
so excluded and (c) the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.

7.8. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying
with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com)
or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and
effective for all purposes.

[Signature pages follow]

4

In
Witness Whereof, the undersigned has executed, or caused to be executed on its behalf by an agent there unto duly authorized,
this Purchase Agreement as of the date first above written.

Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

By: 

Name: Koti Meka

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Address: 18455 S. Figueroa Street, Gardena, CA 90248

5

In
Witness Whereof, the undersigned has executed, or caused to be executed on its behalf by an agent there unto duly authorized,
this Purchase Agreement as of the date first above written.

Purchaser:

Name: Matthias Aydt

Address: 18455 S. Figueroa Street, Gardena, CA 90248

6

Exhibit
A

Certificate
of Designation of

Preferences,
Rights and Limitations of

Series
A Preferred Stock

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex3-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ffie-20250128.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ffie-20250128_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ffie-20250128_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ffie-20250128_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 28, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 28, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-39395

Entity Registrant Name Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001805521

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-4720320

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 18455 S. Figueroa Street

Entity Address, City or Town Gardena

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90248

City Area Code 424

Local Phone Number 276-7616

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol FFIE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol FFIEW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=FFIE_ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=FFIE_RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForSharesOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ff.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0229223-8k_faraday.htm 
ffie-20250128.xsd 
ffie-20250128_def.xml 
ffie-20250128_lab.xml 
ffie-20250128_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-008535-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ea0229223-8k_faraday_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001805521 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

0001805521 

FFIE:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

0001805521 

FFIE:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForSharesOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001805521 
8-K 
2025-01-28 
Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. 
DE 
001-39395 
84-4720320 
18455 S. Figueroa Street 
Gardena 
CA 
90248 
424 
276-7616 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
FFIE 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
FFIEW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>